 it took a while for the case to be dismissed and retristan how are you guys yeah it did take a while and although this should have been a certain outcome when you understand that we were innocent all along when you're going through a and i say this respectfully second world judicial system and you've been screwed so many times of course you start to think is this a setup is this fair at all seems eventually a judge read it and said there's not even enough evidence here to take these boys to trial so what's this file doing here and through it back to the prosecutor which was or relief but um... yet taken a very long time we've paid a very heavy price what happens next maybe explain to the audience people that have been following through in recent months what does this exactly mean what happens after the case of being pushed back to prosecutors because they've didn't happen already in November  Yes, so I'm not going to claim to be an expert on the Romanian judicial system, even though I've been experiencing it, I don't speak Romanian natively. So you can imagine my predicament. I'm being dragged in and out of court, standing in rooms where a language I don't understand is being spoken. And I'm being instructed to go to jail or stay in my house or XYZ for years. I've been asking the American Embassy for help, but they were completely uninterested. There's rumors it was actually the State Department in the UK Foreign Office that instructed to decont in the first place to make all of this happen, which might explain a lot. Or maybe I'm just not black enough and not gay enough to get help, I'm not sure. But what basically effectively happened is we were arrested two years ago and we were arrested on a garbage case with no evidence in it. And their intention was to put us in jail and find evidence and build their case after we were jailed. It's much easier with a much lower barrier of proof to raid someone's house and lock them up and say they may have done something then find somebody guilty.  of something, especially in a country like Romania. So they put together a bunch of pieces of paper which basically showed our money. I mean, we were sitting in front of judges and the judges were just saying, oh, he has lots of cars and has lots of money. He probably did something wrong. It's just the attitude here. It's the communist mindset. And you're sitting in front of an 85 year old judge who doesn't know what social media is. She doesn't know what YouTube is. She doesn't know what rumble is. You're trying to explain. You make her money online. And she's like, yeah, but D-Cross said you're a bad guy and you have a lamb, but you're probably a bad guy. So we went to jail and then we were released on House arrest and they tried to build this case. And there was very little to find. I really truthfully thank God. It's amazing how if you do the right things, they come out in the end because there's been so many leaks throughout this process where the prosecution and decaut themselves have illegally spoken to media or their liberally funded NGOs trying to slander our names and leak things that make us look bad, which were heavily manipulated and edited by the way. They'd edit what set conversations they'd cheat. They'd lie. They didn't find anything real.  If I had an ounce of weed in my house, if I took steroids, if I, if any of my ex-girlfriends turned on me, if I had ever watched a bunch of crazy porn, anything, it would have leaked. But we're so squeaky clean, there was literally nothing to find. We literally just work and train. We're pretty simple men. So they threw this indictment to court and they knew that the first indictment was weak. So when they put it in way back last summer, when they put the indictment in, they split the file and started a second file from the first file as a backup file. And if you remember, last about six or a month ago, I was arrested again from my house based on this second file. And the reason they did all this is they basically had six months to charge us with the indictment and couldn't find evidence. So after six months of jail and house arrest on the very last day that they could officially  admit the indictment they did, they split the file so they can continue to investigate us. And from there we started to fight the first indictment. And we were going through a process called the preliminary chamber. And the preliminary chamber is to make sure that the evidence was gathered legally. And what I've been doing this whole time is going to the American Embassy and saying, I don't want special treatment. I don't want to be saved by America. I don't want to be pardoned. I've done nothing wrong. All I want is the Romanians to follow their own laws. I'm not asking for anything special. I'm asking for a fair shot under the law. And the American Embassy was completely uninterested in helping me. We're saying they had no power to help me, which of course is false. And we kept losing in court. DeCaught broke a lot of rules to put this indictment together. And from my understanding, and this is speculation, the way it tradition  works in Romania is the decal will break a bunch of procedural laws to catch a drug dealer, but then they get the drugs at the end. And they basically say to judges, okay, we broke all the laws, but here's the drugs. And they kind of get away with it. But in our case, they never got that pay off. So they had illegal warrant, illegal surveillance, falsified conversations. They didn't allow us to legally represent ourself and hearings we were supposed to be in. They didn't give us translated documents, which is illegal. They didn't give us time to read documents. There was documents in the file that we never saw. Like they broke 111 pages of laws my legal team found. And when we went to court for the preliminary chamber to say, look, they've broken 111 pages of laws. The judge said, that's fine. No problem that they broke all those laws will fix it later and sent it to trial. This was three, four months ago. And my legal team sat me down and they said, we've never seen this before. We have never seen a judge judge.  just allow a broken file like this on this level to go forward. And I said to my legal team, this is a matrix attack, this is a setup, this is designed to not only damage my influence, but I'm going to end in jail. And my brother and I resigned to the idea of going to jail. We appealed that decision to go to a higher court, which is the decision we just got now. We appealed to go to a higher court. I'm not saying it's related. I don't know. Donald Trump wins. And then the Romanians instantly start following the law. And the judges said, ah, there's a whole indictment to legal. All of the evidence you collected was illegal. The house search was illegal, stealing all of his cars and all of his things was illegal. The statements that you gathered were illegal. The psychological reports were illegal. You didn't do anything legally. Everything here was a stitch up. And the goal was to throw him in jail and find something to stick and you couldn't. And they gave the file back to Decon and said, you have five days to fix the file. That's what happened a few weeks ago. But of course, how do you fix a file which  is completely falsified from head to toe. You can't. So decot replied to that request with, we don't think it needs fixing, we think it's fine effectively, which is extremely arrogant to say to a judge. And then the judge today said, no, it's not fine. The case is closed, case dismissed. You've broken his right to defense in every single step of this process and thrown the entire first file out. I still have the second file hanging over my head, because the second file, which they arrest me for in summer, they tried to put me back in jail. And a judge said, no, there's not enough evidence to even jail him preventatively here. So the second file has already been 90% thrown out, because that's a bunch of garbage as well. But that's still currently the only reason I can't leave Romania. The first file is finished. I have no charges against me. I have no travel ban against me. All of my assets should be returned. And I have to now go and beat this second file. And if they stick to the law, it will be very quick process. I have just been...  flabbergasted at every stage of this how simple laws have been violated and broken by decot and they seem to just get away with it the entire way through it's truly remarkable. So the first case has been dismissed. The second case, do you know when you get a response regarding that? So what we're talking about here, a lot of Armenians have said to me that although justice shouldn't work this way. Now that everybody knows the first files garbage and Romania public knows this garbage and the news is saying it's garbage and everyone's saying you're innocent and the judges know the second file is going to disappear quickly although they shouldn't be officially linked. But the second file is actually a lot weaker than the first file because it couldn't even put us in preventative detention. Remember the first file we got three months in jail with the second file we got 24 hours in jail and let us out. So the second file is a lot weaker. So there's a lot of things that decot can do now because effectively there can't be...  has been dismissed, but by Romanian law, they can start the first file again if they so choose. They can start it all over. That means three years of work down the pan. I mean, they can't find evidence of something that doesn't exist, but they can start it over. So decalk can either forget the first file and bite me on the second file because I'm yet to be indicted and try and push forward with that, but they know they won't get a conviction. They can try and mix the two files together, hoping to muddy the water and saying, okay, the first one was illegal, but we're going to add it on top of the second one. And the primary objective of that is just to give a judge 10,000 pages to read. If they give judges large binders full of paper, which is what the Romanian state traditionally does. I don't know if you guys remember when I was in jail. There was pictures of huge binders of evidence, but it's just translations of all of my YouTube videos, translations of my emergency meetings, all of my tweets have ever tweeted, schematics of my house. It's just not evidence. It's just garbage.  But a judge has to read it. So they might mix the two files together just to delay me leaving another four or five months because a judge has to sit and read 125,000 pages of junk. So that might be another thing they do. Or if they have any kind of honor, they'll just drop the second case and not indict me at all. But I'm not sure if this was, I mean, in fact, I have to be very careful what I say. But I am pretty sure, and I'm going to be brave and say that the UK Foreign Office and the Secretary of State, the State Department had a lot to do with this. Now that that's changed in America, or is it going to be changing soon, I'm not sure if they're going to be pressuring decaut to go forward this second file. But also these prosecutors' jobs are on the line now. So they have vested interest in trying to damage me. So I don't really feel relieved. I feel like another house Raids coming truthfully. I feel like these people just do whatever they want. They feel no recourse. So I don't know what's going to happen with this second file, but that's the reason I can't currently leave. If they didn't, attack me with the second file.  I would already be on a plane. And in terms of the involvement from the US Embassy, has anything changed? Is the person responsible that you're speaking to? Has he changed yet since Trump's win? No, it's the same guy. So I'm not going to insult the guy. He was very friendly. Oh, yeah. But you know, nothing we can do. Yeah, it seems like it sucks. Sorry, bro. I mean, I'm not the guy he was very uninterested. He was very much like we can't do anything. I said, I don't believe the America being the power it is, with NATO stand being the power it is, with Romania being as influential as it is in your war with Ukraine with the biggest NATO base in history being built here, with the fact that when an American killed two Romanians a few years ago in a knife fight, he was out of the country in 24 hours. The fact you can get Brittany Garner out of Russian jail. I don't believe you can't send a letter to decalt and say, follow the law. That's all I want. I don't want pardon. I just want the law. Every single person listening to this.  You'd only want a fair chance under the law, surely in any country you're in. All I wanted was Romania to respect its own laws. It's all I've been asking for the whole time. The second a judge does that, it's instantly thrown out. But the Romanian, the American embassy was just saying, no, we can't even tell them to follow their own laws. I was like, well, how does that work? It was extremely confusing. But at the time, obviously, the Dems were in power. And it depends if you want to be conspiratorial. But I had a massive influence over the masculine youth, massive influence. And there's also some other elements I'm going to make clear here, things I've not said before, because I've only told 20% of this story. But there's a whole bunch of conflicting, confusing elements to my case. The fact that when Hunter Biden was in Romania, he enjoyed the company of girls, as men do. And one of those girls ended up on a table that we were at in a nightclub. And that launched an SRI file into us, which is Romanian intelligence, SRI. And they followed us for...  year for that i didn't find out that i was already in jail and it was in my documents that it might fall in me for a year so you have to understand if the deep state or doing whatever they're doing in ukraine and romania and the son of the president is hanging around a girl and that girl knows us and we're the biggest voices online with your anti-american of course they're gonna follow us and think is this girl talking to them or do they know something so there's a whole bunch of confusion around this but for some reason america just like leave him to the dogs and the dogs were very emboldened to attack an american citizen the way they have is something romania's never done before i can't confirm they got the green light but for them to do what they did unabashedly and unafraid is extremely uncharacteristic romania would never do that to an american citizen without feeling the force of the american embassy so the fact that they just decided to go health health to the to just to go balls to the wall and to just throw out all legal procedure and do anything it takes to get me off the internet is very very  strange so we're gonna have to see now now obviously the first case has been thrown out we're gonna have to see how quickly this second case progresses but i'm in the unfortunate predicament unless america still tell Romania to follow their laws unless they tell Romania that they're being watched that they can still keep me travel ban for years more they can relaunch the first file they can put me on a travel ban they can waste more of my time they can mix the files together i mean they can waste my time for years here without me ever seeing jail probably because they don't have enough to convict me but they can certainly waste my time so it's very very interesting to predict a minute i'm in because to this day i've still never been convicted of a crime in my life and also what's interesting is i'm currently not even charged with a crime the second file hasn't even indicted me so i'm currently uncharged but i'm trapped okay and and you said ninety percent of the allegations can you if they're not charges what do you call them the second file if they haven't even charged  Just allegations. Yeah, so the second file they put together this big file they rated my house for the fourth time They stole all of my wealth again They stole all of my cars all of my money all of my gold all of my watches stole all of my electronics Stole everything they can they put me in front of a judge and said that I'm guilty of all these insane things human trafficking of 38 people All that list of 38 people by the way are my gardener my house cleaner the mothers of my children like it's just it is the most laughable bullshit story any female I knew was a victim of me somehow because I transferred the money well Yeah, of course I transferred my gardener money of course I give the mothers of my children money and Then they charge me all of us with money laundering all of it human trafficking complete bullshit the judge sat down When we've been in jail for 24 hours deciding whether we did prevent a detention or not and said For most of these people there's not even a slight suspicion of a crime. I don't even understand what this is this is garbage But unfortunately for me I guess because I make large  sums of money, they said, ah, the money laundering charge may be. Well, why may be money laundering? Well, because I'm unfortunate that in a country like Romania, they see bank statements in the millions. It's a crime. That's just how it is here. They're like, ah, you've lost the money, you've probably stole it. So that's why I even got house arrest or any kind of judicial control at all. So they're investigating this. And then they've told Anath, which is the Romanian tax authority, to tax audit me. They've come back saying, oh, they have a bunch of money, which of course is garbage. And it's just endless law fair. It's just one thing after another, just drumming up files, just anything it takes. They are choosing the exact crimes and the exact procedures that prevent me from leaving. They just don't want me to leave Romania. That's what their number one concern is, is that I leave Romania because then they know this shit's over. And what's interesting is this, and I want everyone at home to understand this. If the judge has decided there's not enough evidence to send this to trial.  That means there wasn't enough evidence to raid my house. There wasn't enough evidence to put me in jail. There wasn't enough evidence to steal my wealth. There wasn't enough evidence to prevent me from seeing my mother when she had a heart attack. There wasn't enough evidence to isolate me from my children. The media smear that I've endured for the last three years has been monumental and it doesn't come without consequences. And all of this has been done off a complete lack of evidence. People talk about the process being the punishment. If I wasn't the person I am, who was preparing for these things, pre-re-rests, saying that I feel like something's going to happen to me, these last three years, technically, I've made no money. I've had no access to my money. All of my banks are frozen. I've had no car. I mean, how was I supposed to live and feed my family and take care of myself for these three years? How was I supposed to even pay for a legal team? The primary objective was for me to just die, I guess. I mean, it's a miracle I've even survived at all. The law fair is absolutely brutal.  And they're just printing new pieces of paper out of a Xerox to fuck my life with no recourse and no fear of an American embassy saying enough is enough. And it's very, very remarkable that I'm in this situation. Part of me is truly relieved because my brother and I spoke about this at length and please excuse me if I'm rambling or I'm ranting. But my brother and I spoke about this at length and I said, even if the system is corrupt, even if it is all a setup. In all systems, there's good people. There must be one good judge. Like we've seen 50 judges by now. There must be a good judge who just cares about the law. And we couldn't seem to find them, but then all of a sudden we did. Imagine giving a piece of paper to a judge and a judge says, you're guilty, you're going to trial. And then giving the same piece of paper to another judge and they say there's no evidence at all. How does that even happen? It's the same piece of paper. How can you have the same file and two completely different rules?  links based on the same law, the same constitution in the same country. Imagine that. 2 plus 2 is 5, 2 plus 2 is 10. It's truly incredible. So we were holding out for an honest judge and it looks like we got one. But being brutally honest, my brother and I had resigned to the idea we were going to spend 15 years in the worst jail in Europe because we just didn't feel like we had a chance. But now the case has been thrown out. Why that's happened, all these moving pieces behind the scenes, what decals next moves are going to be, what happens with the second file, what happens if they try and restart the first one or launch the third? I don't know. I'm just a feather in the wind here doing my very best. And I made a decision at the beginning of this because when I was first arrested, I was told by everybody, do not talk bad about the state. This is Romania. You cannot talk bad about the state. If the institutions are looking to be embarrassed, they would rather lock you up innocent.  shut up. And I made a conscious decision to not shut up because I was prepared to go to jail and people know I was being unfairly treated and I'm innocent as opposed to walk with disdain because I don't want the last name take tarnished. I refuse to have that happen. I'll do 10 years if everyone knows I've done nothing wrong. I'm not coward and I'm not afraid but I refuse to just shut up and take a little plea deal on the sly and bounce like Hunter Biden with a pardon or some bullshit and everyone know I'm a scumbag. I didn't want that. So I took the most risky route in the first place which is just to tell the truth from the very beginning that this is all a setup. And the fact it's now looking like it might pay off for me is truly remarkable. When you call it a setup I've asked you that question in previous discussions but it was a pretty tricky time to answer it. Can I ask you the question now you better position to answer why you think they did this? What is the reason that you're facing this lofay? Well all wars in the world are about all for influence. It doesn't matter if  It's a cold war or a hot war. The reason there's a war in Ukraine right now, war in Gaza or war in Syria, the reason bullets fly is so that somebody can get control of a geographical area and influence that area. They want to tell people what currency to use, what things to think, what religion to be, who to respect, who their leader is, what roads to drive on. That's what wars are. And I became monumentally influential. It wasn't a hot war with bullets, but I was fighting against the matrix in a time where they had complete control. And I managed to become extremely well known and notoriously famous amongst young men, which is the primary demographic they need to side up the hardest. They need young men to go be the backbone of the slave force. They need young men to go die in a ditch for some imaginary war. I was waking young men up, which is what they're most afraid of, because when women get mad, it's annoying. When men get mad, it's a revolution. And they didn't want me talking against the matrix agendas. It was a battle for influence, and they had to get rid of me. I was too influential online.  too many people knew who I was. Typically, when you get famous, and I've explained this in a video before, but for anyone listening, when you get famous, you are gate-capped along the way. If you get famous inside of an NDA team, if you talk too much truth, you lose your contract. If you get famous on YouTube and you talk too much truth, they just delete you from YouTube. And all these YouTube celebrities are not actually unique and interesting in their own merit. You only know who they are because they're put on the front page because they're pushed to the front by YouTube, and they're only pushed to the front because they say what they're supposed to say. If you're a music artist, you tell the truth, you lose your contract. If you're an actor and you don't tell the truth, you're not in movies, they can stop you talking. I became famous by leapfrogging all of these gate-keeping mechanisms. And they tried to delete me from everything, and it didn't work. So then they came along and offered me $50 million in a sponsorship contract, as long as I adhered to certain brand guidelines effectively, shut up. And I turned that down. And I've explained this on a video, which I'll retweet at the end of this.  explaining exactly how the process works but i had huge i was almost googled man on the planet speaking to the number one demographic thermos to freight of who they couldn't get keep couldn't get rid of and rejected their money so what comes after that shut him up and how do you shut someone up will you either put a bulletin their head if there if they're refusing to bow to the intimidation like i did you either put a bulletin their head or you put them in jail so all of a sudden i got an inkling that after i turned down the fifty mill i said to tristan we have problems coming up and i started saying on every single podcast they're going to put me in jail don't listen don't listen what's actually most disheartening is that when it happened even though i predicted it even though i told the truth even though coveted just ended even though the media's done nothing but lie to everybody at home everything they tell you is a lie people still believed it and i was sitting in jail flabbergasted that anybody would believe a word these fucking clowns  Without seeing any evidence, to this day nobody listening to this is seeing a be-up girl, a bruise, a mark, a thought-out-of-the-human trafficker. Who? Nobody has seen it, because it doesn't exist. And the media just spits garbage. And I guess there's a huge percentage of the populace who just hate you so much, they want it to be true, so they don't care if it's not true, because they want it to be true. You have those people, and then you have people who believe it, which is truly remarkable to me, because I don't believe a single thing the fuck a new says. And I told everyone this was going to happen, and their primary objective was to put me in jail, and I really do believe, again, I have no proof of this, if Trump had lost and Satan in a wig got in, then I'd probably be rotting 15 years in a jail cell. I believe they would have given me jail before they killed me. I don't think I'm on my third life yet, but I definitely would have caught a nice long stretch. It's only after he won everything won aid. I don't know why Romania started to follow the law instantly after that, but Romania has also...  overthrown their own election after Trump's win. So I'm not saying that Romania is perfect. After Trump's win, they just had an election. I don't know if anyone knows this. And the guy who won it is anti-war. And then they said no, the election doesn't count. Do it again. Which is completely insane. I think only Myanmar and Kazakhstan have ever done that before in history. So we have Myanmar, Kazakhstan and Romania now. So I'm not entirely sure what's going on. All I'm doing is my very best turning up to court and telling the truth. And the truth is that you can't arrest a man who has children with women and saying that those women are human trafficked. We have a child. It's completely insane. You mentioned something. I don't know if you've mentioned it before about Hunter Biden. Did you say that a girl that Hunter Biden was hanging out with was on your table and then afterwards Romanian intelligence were investigating you? That is what I said. Correct. How many more stories like this do you have, man, that you'll be sharing once you free? Oh, I have plenty. And that's what's going on.  I mean, you're in a nightclub. There's girls on your table. You don't know who they are. And you catch in one year surveillance op. Like, how do you find out about it? When I first got arrested, in my initial file, the details on all of that were inside of the initial file when I was first arrested in jail. So it's, yeah, I mean, it's a scary predicament to be in. I mean, I think if anyone at home listens to this, I think most people at home understand how unfair American courts could be. Imagine going through the American judicial system, and what they've just done to Elon's stealing all his money, not allowing him a payout from Tesla, or what they did to Trump in New York, or what they tried to do to Daniel Penny. Or this is the American system. Imagine the Romanian system. I'm not insulting the country. And I'm not, I'm certainly not trying to give any kind of disrespect to the judge who did the right thing. I'm just saying, imagine what happens in a Romanian judicial system. It's absolutely insane. And it's insane because...  Your name can be passed to a prosecutor in whatever country including America someone can just say your name to some guy in an office and from that point onwards your life is effectively over. They're gonna investigate you they're gonna look into everything you've ever done. They're gonna find something you didn't high school or they're gonna find an ex-girlfriend who dislikes you or they're gonna find some weed you smoke or they're gonna find something. They're gonna find some fireworks you bought in Tennessee and you drove across to Alabama and the ATF's gonna raid your house and at gunpoint they're gonna lock you up for transporting explosives and you're gonna catch 15 charges and you're gonna have to pay for legal bills and you're gonna lose your job. And this is all while you're still innocent you're gonna be on bail you're gonna be bankrupt. They're gonna slander you in the news they're gonna call you a terrorist. All of these things are happening when you've yet to be convicted of a crime that's in America. I'm in Romania. And a lot of people are asking me what were you doing in Romania? And I tried very hard to stay out of Romania in politics for that very reason. I'm not stupid. I'm living in Romania as one of the most influential men...  in the world, I understood how things operate in Eastern Europe politically. I didn't support any political parties, I didn't choose any teams, I didn't discuss the Romanian politics, I didn't discuss the president, I didn't talk about these things. And then the Ukraine war starts. And NATO stand has to clamp down on who has influence over populations. Romania becomes one of the most important places on the planet because of its access to the Black Sea, a brand new military bases game built here. And they just decided to clean up, I guess? I don't know, before you know it, I'm in handcuffs. It's incredible. What happens to the extra edition for the charges in the UK? Yeah, so then the UK's jumped in now. So when all this Romanian crap started, the UK thought it would have a try. Now, the UK Foreign Office was heavily involved in convincing decal to come at me at all. I mean, we all know how the UK think about striking Russia with its storm shadow missiles, etc. So the UK don't like me anyway. And it is very saddening. I'm going to say this. It's very sad to have your host country.  betray you. I grew up there and they betrayed me and members of parliament talk about me as the worst man in the world. Not the people who were stabbing everyone on the street, not the knife crime epidemics, not the drug epidemics, not the house break-ins, not the fact that old age pensioners are freezing to death, not the fact that police don't even turn up to it when you call them. No, I'm the worst man in the world because boys were saying I want a bouquet and somehow I have to be banned from schools and I'm the devil and I'm the worst man ever. And members of parliament are standing up saying I should go to jail. Then the UK authorities came after me. As you know yesterday I lost a tax ruling which I should never have lost and they stole 21 million pounds of my money. They just took it and said, ah, you didn't pay tax and I was, here's my entire tax structure. I'm a rich person with a complicated tax structure like every other rich person on the planet. There isn't a single rich person who doesn't have a complicated tax structure. Starbought.  Nikes, billionaires, everybody has a complicated tax structure. You know it is, why did you just steal all my money? They just took it and said, get over it. So there's that. And then they've also said, ah, if Romania fails, we want him. And they want my brother and I because they say in 2011, my brother and I supposedly did something in England. It's interesting because we were arrested again in Romania to be extradited from Romania to UK to face these crimes. But the Romanian court said, we're not going to let him go till he finishes his problems in Romania. On the arrest warrant, it said, and rotate 2011 sexual battery and ABH. Tristan take 2011 sexual battery and ABH. So by coincidence, they found two girls if these girls exist. One for me, one for Tristan, both of them from 15 years ago. No dates, no names, no locations. I can't comment on it. I told you in 2011, you got...  2011 sexual battery and they're like what where who went I don't even know what they're talking about Whole things a fugacity so I'll made up garbage And they're saying that when I complete Romanian proceedings I have to go to England Which of course I will do because I'm a law-abiding citizen But who knows how quickly that's gonna happen So I don't even know what England wants. I don't know even know what they're talking about. I know it's a matrix attack I know that there's no way they've genuinely found two girls one for me one for my brother Both of them 15 years ago both of them the same crime and refusing to give any details on it without it being a matrix attack I know it's a setup sure What's inspired them is I guess they lost faith in the Romanian system because it was taking so long and they desperately wanted to get rid of me Also very interesting they tried that arrest just before Trump's election Maybe they didn't want me online. I don't know But there's a lot happening that doesn't make any sense here So you could say to any man listening to this 15 years ago a girl said you punched her who done a When don't know  Where? Don't know. Jail. What? What are we even talking about? The whole thing reeks of what it actually is and anyone with a brain functioning understands that I have been targeted Specifically because of my influence online and because they see me as a threat to their control over young men They want young men to die in wars. They want young men to work jobs and pay slave wages and never be upset with the fact that nobody gives a fuck about them They don't want young men to think for themselves. They see me as a problem and they want to get rid of me And that doesn't make me a conspiracy theorist because you can now Google with your own eyes and find 15 different instances of members of British Parliament saying I'm a problem who needs to go away They say it openly in Parliament and then I catch these charges It's insane. Do you do you trust the considering what happened with Tommy Robinson recently as you know We interviewed him I think a few days before he went to jail. Do you trust the British legal system more than the Romanian?  If I had to be conspiratorial, I would argue that what's happened here in Romania, because when I was first put in jail, sorry to backtrack, but I was in jail with people who had been in jail for two or three years without a trial. And they were telling me, you're cooked, you're here for years, you're not getting out, which was quite damaging to my psyche to understand that I'm now just yanked from my house and without a trial, I'm going to spend years in this hole. I mean, jail without trial is the worst thing a government can do to a man besides kill him. So within the confines of the laws, the worst thing a government can even do to a man. And I was sitting in Romania and jail expecting to be there for years because I was there for years. I was there with men who had been there for years, would never have had a trial. This is much like Syria, picked up off the street, thrown in jail. So when I got let out after 92 days, that's why I came up with the theory of believing.  that you just need one good judge and that not the whole system's corrupted, you just need one good judge and if you keep going through the lottery you might just find a good one. That's why I came up with that theory. My argument would probably be that the UK and America instructed Romania to get rid of me, corrupt prosecutors who want a promotion, one of them by the way, the head prosecutor in my case has been promoted. I don't know if you know that, but he's been promoted now. So the corrupt prosecutors who want promotions take it on, not caring for the truth. And then they try and screw me. But it's actually because I was very liked in Romania. I'm very known here. I'm known globally, but especially in Romania, everybody loves me. Everyone in the street loves me. I give money to chair e. I have a dog shelter. Everyone loves me. I go to the churches, love me. I go to give money to the churches. I give money to everyone. Everyone adores me here. I've had no problems on the street, no negative things. The police love me. The police said sorry when they were in my house. Nobody has a problem with me. So I'm in my...  theory and I have no evidence for this is actually that Romania although it hurt me saved me one half of Romania was corrupt But the other half of it actually likes me and sticks to the law and they're the ones who let me out of jail and have now thrown the case out That's what I would believe I would argue that in the UK nobody likes me inside of the political establishment Inside of the remaining political establishment my views on masculinity are not extreme Because everybody knows their true is how the world was only 10 years ago before everyone lost their minds So over here saying a man should drive the car and protect his woman. It's not controversial. Nobody cares. It's not politically charged So when I would argue that the Remanians who like me are the ones who have let me out and the corrupt ones have chased the bag which is fine But inside of the British political establishment, I don't think anybody likes me Because I am of course the worst man in the world by their own deduction So I actually feel like I have a worst chance in British court than I do in Romanian court I feel like that would actually be more of a setup What was the number you mentioned to me in Romania regarding die cuts success rate?  above 90 percent wasn't it? 98.5 percent success rate. So when dichot and dice someone 98.5 percent of the time they go to jail and they couldn't even get us to a trial, please understand the only thing better than not guilty is there's not even enough to try this man. That's better than a not guilty. A not guilty is we try him he didn't do it. They're saying we don't even have enough evidence to take this to a trial which is even better and and dichot as a 98.5 percent conviction rate and after three years with two files an unlimited resource they can't even put together enough of an indictment to get it in a courtroom which is actually testament to my absolute innocence and all things it's actually testament to how clean a person I am if I'm just bad person everyone says I am why am I not in jail most people on the street if they went through what I've been through would be in jail if the police try that hard they will find something but with me there's literally all I do is what  work and train and see my kids. I don't do anything. I don't take drugs. I don't drink. I don't do anything. They must have been very disappointed in my life. So I actually, as much as the Romanian system is scary, facing the British system with such an obvious setup and hit job is once again going to be scary because I believe the political establishment have it in for me. Asfans was in a British jail. We can talk all about law and order all we want. Law and order and judges and courts, all of these things work at surface level. If you steal bread from Tesco and they catch you, you go to court, you might go to jail, you might not, that's how the law system works. Once you're very famous, once you're very well known, it all becomes political and a show trial. It has to be because there's too much vested interest. Nobody cares about the man who stole bread. Everyone cares about Elon's case. Everyone cares about Trump's case. Everyone cares about my case. So now there's,  public perception, there's other factors involved. Do we want to look wrong as a country? Do we want to look wrong as a nation? Will this cause us problems if we let him walk? There's other considerations besides, is he innocent or guilty? Innocent and guilty actually goes second to a whole bunch of other considerations. And if those other considerations take paramount, it's nothing to do with innocent and guilty anymore. It's just to do with whatever they want or they decided it's the best outcome for them. And I don't believe I have a fair shot in British courts, because if all the members of parliament say I'm a problem that needs to vanish, I mean, no Romanian MEPs ever said that about me, no Romanian member of parliament said that about me, and look how I suffered here. We can apply this to any country. If the parliament of Russia was all saying you're a problem and then you were arrested in Russia, would you feel safe in a Russian court? One thing to add as well to what Andrew has been saying is there's been a lot of independent...  journalists in the past two to three years reach out to me saying, hey, we've written this article and it's literally just the hit piece about Andrew or Tristan every time they go to court or when they initially got sent to prison and it's literally just trying to grab people's attention. What people don't understand is that websites like BBC, websites like Sky News, websites like CNN, all they do are get grab people's attention, get people to land on these websites and the journalists just get paid. Every single journalist has a KPI to hit. Has the BBC reached out to you Andrew to try to piece on these latest developments? No, that's a fantastic point because I for better or for worse achieve clicks. That's a fantastic point. Thanks for bringing that up. I achieve clicks. So if you say my name you get clicks. So they'll tie me to, I mean I've had a whole bunch of articles printed about me that have nothing to do with me. Nothing at all. You know?  They'll say some garbage and then they'll say at the end of it, the last line, and rotate this is this. And they'll just make the whole headline and rotate when it has nothing to do with me because they need to click. So yeah, saying negative things about me or pretending on the worst man in the world, I guess pays their bills is one way to look at it. But I would also argue that the primary objective of media existing in the first place is because it's a propaganda arm of the government. Media doesn't tell you the truth. Even if it will get them clicks, they won't tell you the truth because they're primary objective is to be the propaganda arm of the government to instill what the government wants you to believe inside of the population. They don't care about making money because they're subsidized. So the government says we want everyone scared of COVID, scare them, and that's what they do. They would never say don't be afraid if the government wants you to be afraid. They're not going to work against their own master. So if the State Department and the UK Foreign Office were involved in my incarceration, which they were, the media was also instructed with convincing people that I deserved it. What was the primary objective of all these smear camp?  for everyone at home to sit and go, he deserves it. Don't even look into the evidence. Don't even ask to see any evidence. Don't ask to see a girl. Don't ask why this is happening. Don't ask why this makes no sense. Don't ask what... No, just he deserves it because the media said he's a misogynist. And it's the propaganda arm. They have to convince people at home to swallow the garbage. And that's what the media does. And they were very effective at it in my case. There's a whole bunch of people who say, well maybe he didn't do it, but he's an asshole. Is that how we operate as nations now? If you don't like someone's opinion, they go to jail innocently. If you don't like someone's jokes or what they say or how they think, or a video they made 10 years ago, or their haircut, or their style, or their shoes, you get to decide that even though they're innocent, they go to jail. Is that how we're now operating? Unfortunately, that's how the left operates. They would sit and say, I don't care if he's innocent or guilty. I don't like him, so lock him up in Romanian jail. Which of course is infantile, and it's a slippery slope. But that's how communists operate.  I do agree that it was chasing clicks, but I also think they were deliberately instructed to convince the population that I deserve the mistreatment I was suffering. And I did suffer. I don't want to play this down. My brother and I are tough guys, and we like to be known as tough guys, and we've always been tough guys. But Eastern European Jail is not a joke. And I had to have a biopsy on my lung in jail. I had a lung operation in a jail cell with the cockroaches and the rats in the freezing cold. That was the worst time of my life. I still suffer with nightmares through this day from that time. A lot of people in there couldn't handle it. There was a lot of mental illness in that jail. A lot of people broke. And there was three suicides in the first two weeks I was there. It's not like you imagine an American or a British jail to be. I really pray nobody ends up in an Eastern European dungeon. And I should have never been there because there wasn't enough evidence to ever put me there. So we're in a very interesting situation now where they're admitting that...  I should have never gone to jail. They're admitting that they should have never rated my houses. They're admitting they should have never stolen my money. They're admitting they should have never done any of these things to me. So what comes next? Where will you go next? So after Romania, if the second case is closed, the charges are dismissed, do you have to then go to the UK? It's an interesting legal quagmire, because as long as I have a case open within Romania, I do not have to go to the UK as far as I understand it. So if I, for example, had a case open in the UK, sorry, I had a case open in Romania, but my travel ban was removed. I would be able to live free, because I don't get extra dieted, because my case is not complete, even though I live as a free man. That may happen. I'm not sure. Where will you go then? Would you return back to the bike? I would actually probably fly to England. My biggest concern about being extra dieted is the whizz error. I don't want to be on a whizz error. I'm not going to avoid it. So I'd rather...  I'd rather take my own plane. I'll take my own jet and I'll fly to England. And I'm not afraid of these cowards. I'm not afraid of these people. I want the world to understand. I'm not afraid of jail. I'm not afraid of any of these. When I decided to fight the matrix, and now that everybody is based, now that everybody is telling the truth, now that everybody speaks freely, I feel like partially some people forget the monumental risk my brother and I took telling the truth back when you weren't allowed to tell the truth. Look what they did to us. Now everybody tells the truth online. Okay, great, fantastic. But we charged at the gunfire first. We were suffering because we did it first. Now everybody's based. That's fantastic. But there has to be some credit for the OGs. We were the first ones doing it, even in the height of COVID. Anyone who follows us knows on the first day of COVID we moved to Sweden and documented a completely open country and called it a scam on day one. So we've suffered the most to help break the matrix. We were definitely instrumental in the damage that was done.  to the censorship sphere. We are a huge part of that. And now we're still suffering the consequence of it, but I just want that to be remembered by people. But truthfully, when we decided to do that, we had already decided there was going to be monumental consequences. We knew we were going to end up in jail. Or dead. We had planned it. We wrote our wills. We understood that when we were doing what we were doing, you couldn't get away with it for long. So we've planned for jail for a very long time. My message to the UK government is I'm not afraid of you. And I'm not afraid of the UK lawyers. I'm not afraid of the UK just. I'm not afraid of anything because I've done nothing wrong. And everybody knows I've done nothing wrong. And putting me in jail doesn't prove I've done anything wrong. And satisfying a few internet masturbating leftist haters doesn't prove I've done anything wrong. I know I've done nothing wrong. God knows I've done nothing wrong. So if I get free from here to avoid the Wiz Air flight, which would actually bother me, I'm like, jail, I will take my own private jet and I will fly directly into London. I'll walk into...  Scotland yard and say hello, motherfuckers. Charge me or get fucked. Because I'm not living with this shit of my head for the rest of my life. And I'm not afraid of any of them. If you want to charge me, charge me, I'll see you in court. And if you want to put me in jail, that's fine. Because I know I've done nothing wrong and every free-thinking person on the planet knows I've done nothing wrong. So I'm really not afraid of these people. So I would go straight to England to squash that. And when all of that's done, I'm gonna move back to the greatest country on Earth, USA, because the USA is finally back. After four long years, in fact, maybe a little bit longer it felt like, of hell, where America was living under absolute tyranny from global homo, bullshit. Finally, I feel like the greatest country on Earth is making a resurgence, which can be unprecedented in modern times. If Elon Musk truly does what he's gonna do with government spending, if they truly endorse Bitcoin and make a strategic reserve like they promised, if they listen to Michael Saylor and remove gold and start putting Bitcoin in the coffers, there is so much America can now do. I'm...  America is the greatest country on earth again, and we have four short years until the psychos get another chance to destroy humanity. So once I've done finished here in Romania, and I've finished dealing with the British, I know I have huge or finity amongst the youth. My job I feel like is in America because I have nothing else left to do but I have children and try my very best to keep humanity functioning. That's my primary objective, so I will be in Florida most likely. Going back to Romania, have they returned any of your assets yet? Will they return your assets now that the charges were dropped? Well the case is dismissed. Well, the seizure is based on the case and the case has been dropped, but the seizure is still active. So I must go to court next week and say you cannot have a seizure without a case, please give me my things back. That should be a 100% win. However, there has been similar experiences in the past where those 100% wins went against me and they did the most insane mental legal IKIDO to keep my things.  in the past were the warrant, the seizure warrant for the first seizure from the first arrest, expired. It ran out of time. And we went and said, it's expired. You didn't renew it, give us our stuff. And they said, ah, no. And then just made a new warrant with a huge gap in the middle. So they've broken the law so many times. I should get all my things back in a few days, which is 15 supercars, 25 diamond watches, $7 million in cash, 6 kilograms of gold, they stole everything. Oh, Bitcoin, I had some money sitting on an exchange, Binance, 7 or 8 Bitcoin and some change on Binance. I should get everything back. I think it totaled $17 million. At the time of seizure, now, it's probably worth a lot more. The cars are down, the crypto's up. But what's actually going to happen? I don't know. I walk into court with a pure heart. Every time I walk into court, the people are asking me what's going to happen. And my answer is I don't have a clue. I stand in a room. Everyone talks Romanian. I don't know what's being said.  understand a lick of the language it's three hours of words i don't understand and then i leave and i just wait for my lawyer to call me later and say we want to be lost i don't understand anything and you they don't have translators in the court for you to understand the proceedings that are happening at the time so by law you have to have a translator to be further as a translator there but it's it's so fast and so many people are talking so many things and it's so quick that i have a translator but let me just say being polite to her she's an old lady she's very nice i don't have a fucking clue what's going on how much is this going to go into the set i was going to ask how much is this all costing you you're saying that they owe you $17 million in seized assets but how much of that will you actually get back as far as how much you're owing your attorneys and other incidental expenses yeah so if we were to add up lost business i can't even begin to calculate it that's hundreds of millions of dollars of money i've lost if you were to evaluate  in a serious country and we were to talk about lost business revenue, pain, suffering, all that garbage, we're in the hundreds of millions. That might be a conversation for later on at a European court. However, in terms of just purely legal fees, I'm probably paying around 300,000 a month in legal fees across three different countries, UK, USA, and here. And then all the money they've seized and has been going on for two or three years. So $25, $30 million perhaps so far. And if I didn't have any money, I'd still be sitting in that jail cell. Andrew, can I ask, have you thought about any sort of counter-suit against the people, the women that have come out with these allegations? Yes, we have one ongoing now and I would actually very much like my attorney, my American attorney Joe McBride, you can follow him on Twitter and he's a hero. Can you join us? Let me see you right now. Let me see these free now. I'm sure you can answer some of those legal questions, but you said there's an ongoing suit. Could you maybe detail what you are asking for in that suit? Are you asking for damages?  are. Yes, I have to be careful what I say because I believe there's an injunction. I can't say her name. I can't say certain things. But effectively, the girl who started all of this is a serial liar. And she accused us of human trafficking error, which is such a strange claim. We can go down the conspiracy rabbit hole that she was sent to do that. We can go down the conspiracy rabbit hole that decal jumped on it because they want promotions. We're not sure. But she accuses us of human trafficking. But she's accused six other men of the exact same crime. Have they been arrested or tried them? One of them killed himself during the trial. So this is a genuinely evil person. And every single man she ever met, as soon as he didn't buy her a handbag, she accused them. She is being tried in a Florida court for seven or eight different charges. It's a civil case currently. We're working on it and on expanding that. But I want to let my lawyer actually answer that and explain because he is the beginning.  all of this happened. Joe, Joe McBride, yeah, I've got his number. I'll just send him quick. He's based in the US, is he or in Romania? US and he knows a lot more about it than me. So Andrew, you're stating that these allegations were made against you because you did not what? Finish that sentence. The allegations were made against you because you what? Yeah, a girl visited in Romania. She was here for four or five days. She was not granted a shopping trip she requested. She then went to decal, made a complaint and vanished, never to return to Romania again. And that's when all of this spiraled into what it was. She was here for five days. A shopping trip. Is that your alleging a shopping trip? You refuse to take her on a shopping trip. Correct. And Joe McBride will explain. So we're suing her in Florida for the proof. She lied. We were falsely imprisoned. We've lost.  monumental amounts of our time and money and We're hoping we see justice in an American court and it's already gone to discoveries already decided that for eight different counts I need to go to discovery because of all the things she's done. I think Joe's coming on now. He can explain He's coming up now. Yeah, he just replied. He's in the space already so I'll get the guys to just make him up on stage The question that what's really interesting is After her first complaint on my first day being arrested by D.C. I By habit don't talk to police. I believe you shouldn't talk to police and when I was taken into the D.C. office Everyone was laughing and they gave me coffee and with the camera off everything off. They said bro You should have just took her shopping like that where'd you get her from and everyone's just joking and laughing about it So I was like Okay, they think that serious. I guess they know the truth and then they let me go This is when I was first arrested in April and then there was eight months of nothing and then I kept talking On the internet and they scooped me up and said I human trafficker and threw me in jail. It  was really strange. Joseph, how are you? I'm doing good everyone. How you doing? Congratulations. You know, it's a good day. It's a big, big victory for truth and for justice. And it's just another step in the absolute destruction of the false narrative that's been propagated against Andrew and Tristan Tate over the past couple of years. These men have been under attack for what they believe in, for their view of, you know, traditional family rights and and men in powerments, traditional gender roles. And they have the attack against them has been nonstop. It is built upon a house of cards. It is nothing but pure lies. Unfortunately, the process has been the punishment up until this point. There have been some dark days. There have been some things.  dark times, but of all the two guys that have ever worked within the world, these two guys have never once given in. They have never once even considered or conceived of the idea of surrender. They have just understood that truth and that God has been on their side and that truth would have it today in the courts of law and in the courts of public opinion. And now the unthinkable thing has happened. After all of this time, after human trafficking this slave trader, that rapist, this, all this just nonsense, the de-platforming, the de-banking, the attacks by the BBC and CNN and everybody else, they've all been wrong. They've all been proven wrong today. This is not, we're litigating a case in Florida that we can talk about, that we're supremely confident that we're going to win because it's always been based on truth. And we have a fair shot there with the very reasonable judge and we're going to pick an awesome and very reasonable judge.  in Florida, but in Romania, in Romania, the idea that the Romanian court has corrupted as that situation has been, has taken notice of the facts of this case, and deemed the two women that have accused them of human trafficking, deemed their statements to be so encouraged, just so incredible, so without merit that the entire first file or first case against them is vanish into sin air. I mean, give me a friggin' break. Mr. McBride, can I ask what evidence did they bring forward to prove their allegations initially to begin with? So, the way that the Romanian justice system works in the American justice system or other Western systems are very different. In the United States, in order for you to be indicted, there has to be a finding of probable cause and you're indicted by a grand jury in secret. It's a secret proceeding, but there's, you know, twenty-something people in that room and they indict...  you based upon a district attorney's or a federal prosecutor's representations to the grand jury that it's more likely than not that you committed crimes and boom, then you have an indictment. In Romania, it is the singular finding of reasonable suspicion by one prosecutor, where he can say, based on what I know about this case, the case should go forward and you can get indicted. Therefore, Andrew and Tristan were thrown in jail, then thrown on house arrest, had everything stripped from them and you know the story, all their cars and millions and millions of dollars of assets taken from them will eventually be given back based upon one man's word. The Romanian prosecutor has immense power in Romania. They're very trusted for whatever reason. And we have been crying foul. The Romanian legal team has been crying foul. Andrew and Tristan have been crying fouls.  day one. They'd be consistent and they said, all of the court need do is look at the files and they will see that it's built on nothing. It is gas, it is lies. There's nothing near. There's no actual facts there. If you actually go through the case and if you go through the text message, if you go through the available evidence and the available video footage, you will see that that evidence exonerates us. So because the Romanian prosecutorial team out there knew that, they did everything that they could do over the past few years to bury the evidence. But because we had a case in Florida that ran concurrently with the Romanian case, we were able to get a lot of those facts out into the mainstream consciousness. And because there's an excellent team in place in Romania, a top flight legal team, two great attorneys supported by a great supporting cast out there, those people didn't give up. We worked together and we were able to get the court to see the facts at the very first glance. The court began to loosen up the judicial controls.  It began to take second and third look at the case, and finally the court said, hey, if you can't fix this, we're going to send you packing. And the Romanian prosecutor, a few weeks ago, had the goal to tell the court, we don't need to fix nothing, Judge, you got it wrong. And lobehold, it turns out, judges don't like it when people tell you to go fix something. They didn't fix the file. They can't fix the file because it's based on a horse crap. So what this is and what this has always been is using the judicial process in Romania to strip these good men of their rights and their privileges as citizens of the United States, as citizens of the United Kingdom, and as residents of Romania from the various purposes because of who they are. And the first legitimate look that this court has gotten at this case, multiple judges now have said, no good, the case can't stand, it's built on horse crap. And this is a shocking, it's shocking.  for anyone to believe this or anyone to hear this, but it's consistent with what Andrew and Tristan have been saying all along, namely that the case is built on nothing. So there is no evidence against them. Are there some unsavory text messages? Are there words and statements that people can take back? They wish they could take back? Sure. Do they arise to the level of criminality? Of course not. Do they arise up to the level of they should have been stripped of their assets and thrown in jail? Human trafficking gets the hell out of here. So with it, but Joe, what I don't get and I'm trying to figure out what I'm missing here is that they have a 98.5 success rate at die call. How could they bring those charges forward knowing the cases so weak? I can answer that if you don't mind. Go ahead, man. So from my understanding, primarily die call is organized crime. So there's two factors that make the die call conviction rate so high. One, they deal with the drugs.  And if you find the drugs, that's a pretty easy case. I mean, Romania is one of the safest countries in Europe. People think of it as dangerous. It's actually very safe. You can walk around with a million dollar watch in the middle of Bucharest at three in the morning. It is so safe. Women walk around at night. It's a very safe place compared to London and Western cities. If they catch drugs, they'll ignore all of the procedural laws you broke if you get the drugs at the end. They don't care. So a lot of their convictions are drugs based. And as soon as they catch the drugs or find the drugs, that's it. It's done. The second thing, which is very, very, very interesting with the Romanian legal system is that if you snitch, you get half sentence, not only on the current thing you're facing, but on anything ever, in future ever. So a lot of Romanian prosecutions are based on somebody just snitching to a prosecutor, because then they have a 50% reduction in any further sentences they may get. I can tell stories from jail, but there's stories from jail of men who are sitting there crying to bait in what a...  they snitch on someone they know to try and get out. So there's a huge snitch thing going on in Romania. It's a huge thing. And I think that with disloyal people coupled with primarily trying to find drugs, if they can get a snitch or a confession or a liar or find drugs, they get their conviction rate. I really believe maybe decalp thought these boys have too much money and they talk too big online and he said some stupid things. There might be something here. Maybe they truly believe that though us in jail put us all over the news is bad. Call 2,000 women who know us. Find one girl who's upset. Bam, there's your case. They probably truly believe they'd find a case. They didn't have one, but they thought they'd find one. But then with such a big media storm made when we were in jail, they're in between a walk in a hard place because they didn't find a case, but the whole world looking. And let's be honest, is this the first time the whole world looked at a Romanian court case? Probably. Even they were probably like, whoa, everyone cares about this.  this, well we better get him now because now we really look foolish and they got more and more desperate. You know, I said this to the judge, a couple of not this current hearing, a few hearings ago, I said this began as human trafficking. This began as Andrew has girls chained up in a basement and across three years it's become so desperate that it's come into, let's just take his car as he has a new car, let's seize it. It's nothing to do with crime anymore. There is no crime, it just got, it was like Moeby Dick. They just lost sight of what they were even looking for and were just trying to steal things because I don't know, prove something. It was truly incredible, but I feel like perhaps if it wasn't the State Department pushing them which it was, the other argument would be that they simply made such a big mess expecting to find something that didn't exist, that they had no choice but to just try and get us in jail anyway. I feel like you've created that image.  through social media that essentially die-cut fell for as well. So one thing for anyone that hasn't met you, when you see a entertaining person, and you've heard many people including your friends, Andrew said this when you got arrested, it's like a very different andrye to the ones being portrayed in the media, or the ones you put around social media, that's my opinion. And I feel like die-cut kind of fell for this. They thought they'd find a lot more, and they arrested you with a limited, quote unquote evidence they had. And then as it progressed, they were in a position where like shit, and Justin maybe getting your thoughts on this as well, and it's like shit, there isn't more to this. And this is where it started getting desperate where they're trying to save face. That's one way of looking at it. All it could be all kind of hinted like they, they are behind it, and you say they, I think you're kind of hinting at the powers that be, maybe the Biden administration, the British officials, there's like two ways of looking at it. Die-cut fucked up because they had a certain perception, they messed up, all there's those that pressured die-cut to act. I think it's all of it. I'm just going to be dangerous real quick.  i just i think it's all of it because look you can't spend over two billion dollars in trying to cancel andrew and in in in july conclusion that the u-k-somehow not involved of the divided administration this on that how not involved it's a it's a proxy war it's a it's a cultural proxy war they were using romania and romanian maybe to interest point maybe they thought they had a case but at some point they should have known better and this has arisen to the level of the human rights violations now you cannot take away a man's freedom without due process in any country in this world and let's maybe it's you know i'll come to receive somewhere like north career other than that the idea that a man could be stripped of his rights be stripped of his freedoms be stripped of his privileges be despite the fact that he's innocent it's unconscionable they should have known better they knew better six months ago a year ago they people were looking at these files they knew it was based on nothing they did not listen to the representations of council we are all sworn into different  bars to to admit it as lawyers and solicitors and barristers all over the world Andrews team and we have all said in unison that this is built on nothing and we weren't taken seriously until we got into an american court where we can prove it up with the actual facts of the case they didn't want to listen because they were turned off to the possibility that Andrew could be innocent because they had to eat it they had a motive to shut him down at any cost and now it's blowing up in their face it's blowing up in their face just as big as the biding's regimes prostitution of Trump is blown up in their face in the united states of america people have had enough judges have hopefully had enough as well you also are you also less worried about the british charges so we know there's two cases in romaine other for the first one seems to be dismissed the second one is a lot weaker most of us been thrown out already that hasn't even been charges in the second one and then there's the extra edition to the UK but there's like a twenty eleven bad sexual battery charge and  worried about that one Joe uh... you know you're never worried when the truth is on your side is it gonna be unfortunate that you know is it reasonably foreseeable that we're gonna have to face something and the united kingdom that's based on pure horse crap and beat it down there too yes it's foreseeable are we worried about it to the extent that we think that will lose because we have exposure no we're not worried at all there's nothing to worry about whatever they think that they're gonna bring up whatever it is it's yesterday's news it's old news there are several cases where it's already been proven that he's came that that that that the relevant authorities over there the client to prosecute because women were conspiring against andrew interested in things are written in text messages please didn't want to pursue that along the go these people are trying to dig up dead man's bones because they hate these men so much for what they stand for any end of the truth is going to win out do i want them to have to fight this case of the u.k. of course not do i think that it's probable it's probable do i think that they'll win absolutely  I'll ask you one last question, Andrew, and I'll give it to the panel to ask you questions. Has anyone from the Biden administration reached out to you yet? I'm not sure if you can comment on this publicly. Yeah, I quickly will answer Sarah's question because she asked a question about what evidence did they come with at the beginning? The two girls who accused us at the beginning to begin all of this. And that ties into the Florida case that Joe McBride can actually comment on. The evidence they came with at the beginning was nothing. They came with a statement. They came with a lie. And then they flew out of the country instantly. That lie was enough to get my house raided and begin the insanity that I've suffered. And what's interesting is that the... In Romania? This is in Romania. This is in Romania. Okay, so if the women or women came and said, Andrew, Tate, and Tristan, Tate did this. They didn't provide any documentation, any evidence. Is that what you're saying? They didn't show proof or correct. Nothing. They just came with a...  statement, do you have access to that statement that maybe you could share your attorney could? I have to be careful because of the Florida case and maybe Joe can ask that, but I will say one more thing because Joe says something about them burying evidence, which is interesting, because not only did they only go there with a statement and no other evidence, we then, we, my brother and I, provided CCTV from our house and you can find this online of them going out to shopping, going out to restaurants, ordering pizzas, going in and out the gate, dancing at parties, swimming in the pool, we gave D-Call all the CCTVs that how are these people human trafficked when they have absolute freedom, their passports, their phones, and they're living a party lifestyle. And D- It wasn't that one of the allegations that you had taken their passports and they weren't free to come and go? Absolutely. Absolutely. Exactly. How did they leave them? This is the whole thing. So, what I can do is, so, are they out of company? Would they like... I'm just saying, I think, I think, I think I should go jump in.  I'm sorry Tristan. I'll cut in for one second also I'm going to read some messages because they didn't know that when they accused us of crimes that their phones would also be taken. I allow you to allow me to read them. Before reading that you allowed Joey to give a permission to read them. I'm allowed. I'm allowed. So when they were picked up, no were near my house by the way, which is I wanted for human trafficking victims. Their phones were taken and analyzed so when we talk about deco, burying evidence, some messages from the exact girl who accused us are as follows. I'm reading them verbatim from the script. Hey, tomorrow when the police come I'm going to wear dark sunglasses because it looks like I will be sad if I wear dark sunglasses. Okay, have you practiced this or you were a good actress? Yes, I'm a good actress. Okay, when we lie to the police, it's going to be so amazing. Oh my god, we're going to get our own series on Netflix. Wow, we should win Oscar.  how we lie. Okay, can you message Andrew and Tristan and make sure that they think that we're still on their side. Oh my god, I can't wait to leave here and go to London. We're going to set these guys up. We're going to make so much money. These are real text messages taken from their phone by D-Cott. Tristan, they asked. Were those between the two women that were the accusers? Correct. Yes. 100 they were. And they were having a conversation talking about a setup. And when did the authorities get this evidence before you? Never. Never. Never. Never. Never. Never. Never. Day one. Day one, they had this evidence, but they didn't want to put it in the file. So what you let me explain this very simply, you have the files of all of the informatical searches. You have let's say 50 huge books of every piece of information they have. And then they make the indictment based on those files. So what they did is they downloaded their phones and took the parts that made us  look bad and put them the indictment but these messages they left out of the indictment the cc tv that showed the girls moving around freely they left out of the indictment all of the information on our side they left out of the indictment and our legal team had to spend three months scanning 125 thousand pages to find all of this evidence which supported us decal had this evidence from day one but tried to bury it in between paperwork hoping our legal team wouldn't find it or we'd run out of money and couldn't pay for legal team to spend three months reading these messages existed on that phone and i got had them since they analyzed her phone which was day one they knew we were innocent from the beginning they gave me coffee and laughed about it everyone knew that we were innocent from the absolute beginning but they did this anyway those messages are available online the cc tv is available online these things have already leaked you can type it into twitter and see it it's all there the conspiracy them cc tv walking out the house  then partying all of it is publicly viewable currently right now and it still took us three years to had this case thrown out. Kara, is it Kara or Sarah? I'm not sure. Sarah. I've just, Sarah, I've just sent you the messages taken from decals files on your Twitter DMs. I'm going to cut off for tonight because I'm busy with my friends celebrating, but I've just sent you a page from the actual criminal file. These are messages between the two women who falsely accused us. In your extMs, feel free to read them. I've sent them to you. They're 100% official, verified. They're in the Florida case. They're in the Romania case. Deco ignored these. These were taken the day after I was first arrested. So please enjoy them and feel free to read them out to the space. Thanks. I'll review them right now. Sarah, any more questions on this before I go to the panel? Joseph, add any final comments that we'll go to the panel's heads for maybe 10 minutes. I just want to ask one more quick thing. There's going to be a counter suit. Is that correct?  andrew and correct and i would like to i would like joe to explain because based on those messages you've now seen that is the basis of our florida case that this was a setup in the first place and i think joe can give you more perspective on that for for sure i have to be very careful about what i say so i'm going to say this uh... and the most legalistic way possible because the their legal team tried to gag me and muzzle me in florida the judge was not having it they've they've subsequently filed a bargain plan against me in new york to try to intimidate me to try to silence me and go after my license we're gonna win that as well but right now i'm under a microscope uh... for my advocacy which has all the tried to try to go off to your license all year for sure for sure yet it was filed by the uh... uh... uh... i did this ridiculous uk uh... law firm uh... that that spends it's it's it's entire life value just  asking Andrew and Tristan online and now they've come after me which is what why what's what's their end goal with this the the well yeah for them it's relevancy right there they're trying to stake their claim to fame based on Andrew and Tristan's suffering they're exploiting them they have I know you're talking about yeah I remember the lawyer I remember he wanted to come on one of our spaces I do remember he was just all he was doing stagot but I didn't know he was funny so they're doing it pro bono well they're yeah they're raising money on it right so I know there are two streams of income for them from what we can loosely see right there they're like these lefty NGOs that are funding certain lawyers and then there's and then there's this other team that's just like raising money and like public awareness because they want to raise their profile on the UK but now they filed a complaint against me in New York to try to try to shut me up but you know look I'm I'm a pretty good attorney I cross all my keys and out all my eyes I stay within the  of the law, I'm going to win that case. I have to fight it. I'm not worried about it. I have one of the best ethics attorneys in the world on it, and we're going to put that to bed shortly. And like I said earlier, they tried to muzzle me, gag me, and didn't want me speaking to the media. Certainly didn't want me on Twitter speaking about it anymore. And the judge in Florida, a great judge said, look, these guys have a first amendment right to speak. So we're going to let them do it. There's going to be no gagging or muzzling. So this is what you need to know about the Florida case. The Florida case is primarily based on its defamation, its defamation per se, its commercial defamation, it is also torsious interference with the business relationship. There are other charges in there, such as conspiracy and false imprisonment. Right? And that false imprisonment has to do with the boys being swatted and eventually the weaponization of the Romanian justice system against them to deprive them of their freedom. So Andrew and Tristan are residents of  of the United States, one of several people in this case, one person in particular, also a resident of the United States. People meet in Florida, they greet in Florida, they make their way to Romania for six days. These people were there for six days and all this happened and then they go back. But while they're in Romania, they send defamatory statements. I'm being kidnapped, I'm being held against my will, they suggest these things. Even though these same people retract their statements later on in the same stream of text messages, they send these things into Florida airspace, like defamatory missiles. Once they cross over into Florida airspace and they land on cell phones in Florida, you're on the hook for defamation. Those statements, we all know by now that they were false and those statements provoked people in Florida to call the authorities in Romania.  and the embassy and to get the decot and everybody else involved which eventually led to the situation that we're in now. So those statements were made knowingly, intelligently and with malice. When you defame somebody, especially with malice, to the extent that they lose their freedom and they lose their business relationships and you conspire against them, there is a civil action that arises from that. So we have been very, very calculated. We have been very, very patient in our approach. We have, aren't we have, at Noesium, gone through every piece of paper, every text message in this case, thousands and thousands and thousands of hours of review to make sure that we comprehensively understand everything. And then, because it's the American Justice System, we baked all of the truth into our complaint. We gave hundreds of pages of exhibits and we have survived. We just recently survived the motions to dismiss these.  these people who are defending these lawyers that are defending the people that we're suing, saying Andrew and Tristan Tate are human traffickers, are clients of the real victims and we said no, no, no. Andrew and Tristan Tate are American citizens. They're innocent. They've never been convicted of any crime. They have their right to sue you in court. You are the defendants in this case. Get it straight. Andrew and Tristan are the victims here. Are the victims here. It is not you and we will not stop in pursuit of seeking justice on their behalf. So we just survived motions to dismiss, which means that we have sufficiently pled all of the allegations that we're talking about in an American court of law that suggests in state that these statements were used to severely harm Andrew and Tristan and we're suing for $5 million and a bunch of other things in that court. And that is going to proceed to discovery at the end of this month that discovery process begins. So not  So your case is already your case is essentially ahead of what Romania's case Dykos cases against the Tates right so as soon as we put we published our Complaint in the in the American case in July I think it was July or maybe it was I think it was D day it may have been June 6th It was it was 2023 and right can't remember if it was before we came out with Tucker or Or after it was right around that time end of June July and right after that the Romanian justice system began to take notice Of what was actually going on and the Romanian legal team actually had a fair chance at winning in that court because There they became aware that there was a concurrent case running in America where the facts were being Published to the court and to the general public and to the media over here So they weren't going to be able to bury it any longer now took a year and change for the Romanian courts of finally Notice it but I don't think that it would have I don't think that Andrew and Tristan would have ever gotten to  today if we didn't have these two cases working concurrently with each other because the power of that being romania would have just kept the fact buried if they did not have to deal with the american case does that make sense it does to me sarah yeah that that doesn't make sense but i'm wondering how long do you think it'll take or do you think that the florida case will be dismissed with the idea that this is going to take years the florida case will not be dismissed because we don't be dispossessed state you we we we we just survive motions to dismiss so did the dismissal state is over we have discovery that we're going into now and then they'll be settlement conferences and negotiations if we can't reach a settlement which we probably won't we are scheduled to pick a jury in september of two thousand five at two thousand twenty five we already have a trial schedule dismissal is not happening so so last but question moving away from the case and then open up to the panel for about ten  15 minutes, Andrew, if I start with you. Last question on my end is, what's next? So it seems a tie to shifting. Is the media narrative shifting? Are they still attacking you the same way? Is there some outlets that I've stunned to be a bit more skeptical of the case? Andrew? Well, it's interesting because when something bad happens in the case, I have 50 news outlets outside of my home, banging on my gate. But today, when the entire case is thrown out, not a single one appeared. So what the media typically does is the same thing they've done with our case, which is lie by omission. They are scared to openly lie too hard because it's easy to sue them for defamation. So what they do is they lie by omission. They leave out the good things and only say the bad things, which is effectively lying. But they do it by just omitting one half of the story. So everyone remembers my famous interview with Lucy Williams with the BBC and the story behind the  that was quite simple when I was first put in jail the BBC were begging me for an interview and when I say begging I mean every day calling me begging me for an interview and I said I would not give an interview over the phone only in person and then they said that they want to give a they want me to do an interview with them to discuss how unfair it is I've been put in jail without trial how Romanian jails were the worst jails in Europe how Romania has been fined billions of euros for unfair conditions how it's unfair so they gave me this list of questions which was about my unfair incarceration and when I finally agreed to it post release she sits down in my own home which I invited her into and said you're a rapist first words out of her mouth because she's disingenuous like all media is and that's why I had to destroy her and educate her so hard she told me the conversation to be something else and when I leave jail with mental health issues with bad nightmares and PTSD they sit me down and they try and jump me and get me by surprise to get an aha moment and start calling me a rapist when we were supposed to be having a conversation about unfair incarceration.  So it was a complete setup from the beginning by the media. The media has only ever said bad things about me. Remember when Hugh Edwards, who is a convicted pedophile working for the BBC, his story disappears in two days. When Philip Schofield, who's a convicted pedophile working for the ITV, his story disappears in two days. But my story is repeated every single day for three solid years in a negative connotation endlessly and repeatedly. And every single time something good happens in the case, they don't turn up. No pictures, no videos, no interviews. They'll do a little report. They'll put it on page 8 somewhere and they'll say, oh yeah, Andrew won a little bit. But they'll word it in a way. Even today they don't say case dismissed. They say, case returned to prosecutors for now. What does that even mean? Yes, yes. It's a setup. And they do it by lying by omission because they were complicit. The media was complicit in this take down from the beginning because their primary objective was to damage our influence. That was the objective of this entire operation, which means the media had to be complicit from day one.  So no, they've not changed their attitude. They either don't talk to us at all with good things happen. They report the bare minimum with a false angle when they are forced to, but primarily they just hide and protect everyone who works for them, who are actual sexual criminals, and repeatedly try and convince the population that my brother and I are dangerous and horrible people. Has anyone who's any of those that attacked you or distanced themselves, any friends of yours recently reached out and apologized for judging too quickly? The people who have supported me from the absolute beginning day one, and I know their names, and there's too many to name, but I think I know who all of them are, and I can't explain from the bottom of my heart how much I appreciate that. There's been some people who really put their necks on the line for me, and I super appreciate that. My run gains is one of them, Tam Khan's another one, Will's another one. There's been so many amazing guys who have stuck up for me, and there's too many to name. Those are my friends, anyone who decided to distance themselves from me because of this garbage matrix.  attack i don't consider a friend they can apologize if it's good for their conscience but i don't even hold it against them there they're not the primary concern my primary concern now is that everybody on the planet deserves fair treatment under the law whether they are innocent or guilty my brother and i deserve a fair chance in any court of law anywhere in the world as innocent men and the people who are guilty for what has happened to us deserve a fair chance under the law that does not mean they'll be found innocent because guilty people are found guilty on in a fair court of law so all i'm interested in is a fair court of law fair law which is the world was supposed to live in here in the west fair legal practice and for the guilty prep the guilty parties to suffer the same way that my brother and i have as innocent men because truthfully truthfully it's disgusting that this is even gone on so long and it's been the perfect combination of monumental influence corrupt legal systems liberal n g o's sponsoring girls who convinced men to commit suicide because they make false accusations silly little unknown legal teams  make names off of our back media trying to get clicks and being in complicit with the deep state it's truly been an absolute whirlwind a perfect storm of insanity and now that trump is back and i believe the world is healing all i want to do is get all of the different people who are involved in this in front of a judge and the innocent people walk in the guilty people will be will pay the price that's all i'm looking for harryan never won firstly apologies for the all the background is midnight here so it's a little bit the circumstances are big chaos it players might do sense on this you know we talked a lot about the law and rumention justice we talked about the case a lot but you know in my opinion this is not about the case at all or about the law is mostly about human nature now for instance you know natanya who is is being taken to trial over what the 200k in bribery 200k to him is pennies right and and practice i wouldn't take to under came right is not about that is about the court case of the trial that that you know all the media  that follows all the sound that it creates. I myself, I'm an advisor and an operation that's supposed to take one of the biggest governments on the panel in the moment to court. We know that the court case is not gonna mean anything. The outcome of the court case doesn't matter. What we do have a media team behind us to support us and the sound that we create, the impact that we create, that's at the end of the day what matters. Now it's been on both sides of this, with the court case and also we run one of the biggest English news outlets in the North of the Netherlands. People come with requests to us as well. And this is really not about law in my opinion at all. It's more so about human nature. We talk about the law aspect a bit a lot. So she just started essentially tarnishing his image, tarnishing his brand. Yeah, I'm in his business. Are you there? We'll go ahead, I think I ain't dropped out. We'll go to John. Hey guys, and shout out to you, Ma'am Mario. Thank you so much for having this space. Shout out to Todd G, shout out to Joseph McBride, Tristan, everyone. You know, from the beginning, I looked at this for what it was.  And I believe it's a political head job, right? When I started learning about Andrew's influence and I saw how he captivated the minds of many young men and so many people out there. And then I found out that he's a Trump supporter. I said, hold on really quick. Wait, wait, wait a minute. First of all, they're coming after Trump with all the law fair in the world. Why wouldn't they come after the most Googled man in the world, right? So then when I started looking at all of this evidence that was talked to with Sierra right now, or Sarah, you need to understand that all the excopatory evidence in this case was hidden by the prosecution. And someone in Romania told me that they had actually passed a law a few years ago to allow the prosecutors to do this. So essentially, if they do have evidence of them being innocent, they can essentially hide that. It's okay for them to do that. So knowing all of this, you know, see an Andrew's influence and all of that, I understand.  that this is just a political head job. So Andrew may have been maybe the first guy that's not in politics that they came after and it's just because of his influence. If Andrew Tate tells millions of young men to go out and vote for Donald Trump, guess what those young men are going to do? So not only did they want to ruin the credibility of Donald Trump, they're also going to ruin the credibility of anybody that supports Donald Trump. Look at the J6ers, we just look at anybody that even contested the election or anyone who talked about COVID, I mean, they came after everyone. So we have to look at it for what it is, a political head job. And me, myself, when I started to protest, I think it was in January or February of 2023. I started to get into conversation with many people, especially people in the political scene, a couple of very powerful people. And they told me.  did this is this is politically driven and at this point there's not much that we can do because the people in power want Andrew Tate in so I don't want to drop any names or anything like that but I want people to understand that that's this is what it is and you know uh Andrew and Tristan you you guys you guys are holding it down man you're holding it down for the whole entire world because at the end of the day I think if it was anybody else anybody else would have just gave in you know and probably took a plea deal or or just kind of stayed silent and everything but you guys haven't been exposed and everything man and I think that everyone that follows you that amires you guys we're all grateful for so keep doing what you're doing we got your back the whole world got your back brothers thank thank you very much sir that means a law and you know it's it's kind of interesting we talk about these things and there's still a certain percentage of people who consider it conspiratorial didn't Nancy Pelosi described the wrap up smear didn't she say the wrap up smear is a political stress  where one makes up a charge against someone and gets depressed to write about it. And then uses the fact that it's been reported as a form of validation for the charge itself. She referred to it as a tool of authoritarianism, suggesting it's used to control the narrative by dominating the conversation with specific charges as opposed to the substantive policy discussions of that person. Nancy Pelosi in 2017 accused the Republicans of using the wrap-up smear as a political tactic where false charges are spread throughout the media to influence public opinion and take away focus from that person's actual views and policies. Nancy Pelosi has told you my case. Nancy Pelosi told you my case. The objective was not to make people go, what does Andrew take say and stand for. The objective was to make everyone say, Andrew takes a human trafficker. But no one wants to listen to me. No one wants to listen to my videos. No one wants to have an informed opinion.  opinion on me they just got told to repeat on the human trafficker and this got proved proven a bunch of times on youtube there was youtubers would walk around and go up to girls in liberal cities in l.a. and say do you like Andrew Tate and they say hey him and they say why and they go uh uh they don't know why they were told to and that's the bottom line of it for the last three years my name couldn't be said without discussing human trafficking as opposed to discussing the things I wanted to talk about masculinity and honor and sticking up for your country and your family and being prepared to do the hard thing because it's the right thing to do and discipline all these things have gone to the wayside because this wrap-up smear has been orchestrated against me so that all anyone ever talks about is this complete garbage fabricated case of air and Nancy Pelosi said it herself you know Andrew I'm gonna tell you one thing right now man that that lawyer of yours Joseph McBride when you see that man again just give him a hug bro because I'm telling you whenever I saw  that he was taken here in Florida, I knew that the tables were going to turn. It was just a genius move, a genius move to get the excopatory evidence, right? That they didn't want to show in the room, media revealed it here in the good U.S. of A, right? Where justice will prevail and in Joseph, man, brother, man, much love, much love on this side, man. Thank you, brother, much love to you as well. Much appreciated. John, go ahead. You know, I want to say quickly, Mario, we've gone a long way since 2022, when you first started these spaces at the outset of the arrest. We were speaking since then, and it wasn't so friendly on the Twitter space about Andrew being innocent, Tristan being innocent. Back then, it was an uphill battle for the innocence of these two people who have been the victims of a classic case of malicious prosecution.  in a very corrupt country. So I will say personally I feel very vindicated on the issue. It's not yet done, but I feel we are getting somewhere. In terms of Romania, the name Kate is a name that's synonymous with the country itself. I want people to understand that. This is very important. And when you hear the name John Wilkes Booth, Lee Hardeehawzwald, Geverlo Princep, you know why do you know those names? Because they are the people that shot the bolts that shaped the world. They killed greater men and they mortalized themselves into history. Right? And so the same thing applies with these shadowy prosecutors. They wanted to take these men's scouts to boast of their own reputations as prosecutors. They failed because they are amateurs. There was no attempt to approach this with any veneer of legitimacy because they are amateurs. If they wanted to really take these men down, they would have done it in a way that would have looked at the least legitimate. But they didn't care.  Now one thing I really want to hammer in on and Mario you remember this I was talking about this years ago when it first happened When it first happened and I remember people fighting me on this but the injustice I mean to this day I'm outraged and you could Deforce this from from Andrew and Tristan, but I mean in this case is the most clear cut example of this pretrial detention in Romania the use of that was coerced coerced and you know Andrew spoke earlier about the countless legal irregularities but we cannot forget the injustice of the pretrial detention right it was done to coerced confessions punished without a formal finding of guilt and to a road the presumption of innocence in these two men that's supposed to be at the core of the judicial process that's literally state state sanctioned intimidation that's what it is and the reason for this and this is very important to understand I want to give some historical context okay this is the justice system that is inherited from the Romanian communist dictator  just good okay and i'm not going to board we want to and and previous faces on on uh... entertain during the when he was still in prison and certain in jail uh... whatever you want to help call that hellhole you know back then i gave a really really great break down why the prosecutors might be motivated to do this but what it really comes down to is this is a system where a presidential election we thought can be overturned back then people are saying you know i was saying hey look i was pulling up the uh... statistics and i was pulling up the statistics from the uh... council of europe's anti corruption body talking about these different things i'm not going to bore you with that right but now we see it plainly this is a very corrupt justice system this is not the same i mean we can talk about how the u.s. is corrupt but this is not even close to the level of justice that you'll get in the united states right so it is a system where a presidential election could be overturned mario but it's those two system were hundreds of corruption case crime  are brought before the romanian courts yearly so look weren't you know i'm very very happy with the steps going forward but i want people to understand that uh... that contextual aspect of the his the history of this the fact that this is a really rotten justice system and you know truth is on the march the next step is that they're released in full they have freedom of travel basic human rights and what they really need to have happened and i trust that good people like joseph and uh... and your other lawyers in romania are gonna make this happen but this case needs to be dismissed with prejudice so that it can be brought back and address what i'm going to say on this last thing because i want to let the people uh... you know who are affected by the speak a little bit more on it but the last thing i want to say is and you said something really fucking interesting here really interesting and i want to hone in on this right if when it comes to the situation with the media look at the way they framed it it's not all the cases over  It's not anything positive. It's just for now is put away for now. It's put away Because they're trying to concoct some more bullshit and they're not gonna let it go They're not gonna let it go because it's a character assassination So I pray for you my friends, but perhaps the the road ahead is as yet still long Yeah, I remember joining the early days and I'll give the mic to Andrew interesting to wrap it up The early days was very difficult to get and I said this to Andrew interesting I said this to you guys in Romania said it was very difficult to get anyone to support everyone wanted to distance themselves from the Tate At best or just immediately go guilty Before being proven you know guilty before being proven innocent And so I meant just want to give a shout out so I man was one of the first very loud voices and you know you know Well Andrew that came in and was pretty active on spaces With the with the take spaces and yeah  Absolutely, and John, thank you very, very much for the support. And you're right, this is a hangover of the communist system, and it's not like anything you would imagine in the Western world. And that's why even though I knew I was innocent all along, today's decision was such a shock. And I'll be honest with you, because we're all human. This is a bittersweet day for me. I mean, of course, it's nice to hear that it's not progressing. But after the three years I've been through, for a judge to say, oh, yeah, it was all made up. It's kind of enraging. I mean, there's relief, but it's mixed with rage. It's like, oh, it was made up was it. So what was this whole farce? I mean, I knew it was a farce, but what was all of this for then? Where are my things? Where is my life? Where's my years of time? And it's quite a strange scenario to be in. Of course, there's lessons to take from it. But I really want to thank John again. Thank you for the support. I have to be careful because I'm still within the table.  territory of Romania, but I've told 25% at most of the things I know about the Romanian judicial system and God willing when I'm free from this country. And I don't hate Romania. I don't hate the country. It is a safe place to be fair to them. The reason it's so safe is because everyone goes to jail. You can't sneeze without going to jail. It is safe and it is beautiful and you don't get robbed. There's good about it. But the things I've seen inside of this system and the way I've suffered at the hands of it, there will be a day when I can finally fully disclose. And I'd love to have John on that space so I can make him understand it's even worse than he thinks. It's even worse than he imagines it to be. And I know it's perfect. Go ahead, actually. Go ahead. I'll go further. One John, yes you are correct. I'm not going to bore everybody with history lessons about who Nicolay Toshescu was, etc. And I'll go even further than that. Because keep in mind, when we talk about how much we suffered, my daughter was born.  When I was in prison, I didn't see her for the first three months of her life I have a child who doesn't live in Romania who I have not seen for two years because of this process They've robbed me of some very precious things Mario knows all the details But oh what I will say is this about the remaining case about the remaining system Changes will have to be made to Romania Changes will have to be made after my case is completely exposed because this complete power of prosecutors to do what they did against me is going to have to shift and People ask me stupid questions like Tristan. Why do you care about Romania? Why do you care that things change there? Why don't you just bounce and leave because I could have left a million times by the way? I know I'm under certain restrictions But I could have left and I can leave anytime I like Illegally, but I refuse to do so because that's what guilty men do But I will say one thing my children are Romanian My grandchildren will be Romanian my great grandchildren will be Romanian. I know that  the history of this country and as a duty to my kids, I know everything about this country and I'm going to teach my children whether they grow up in Dubai or England or Italy or Spain or Japan. My children who are remaining are going to know about their nation. Now, I'm tied by blood to this country. Of course, I'm not a native. Of course, this isn't my nation essentially. But because my children are remaining, does that note that make this my country to a little bit by default and for such injustices to happen here, I'm happy to spend 10 years here. Case 2, case 3, case 4, 5, 6. I'm happy to do it if it ends in positive change to how these people can illegally and artificially, I guess, accuse and rob foreign nationals, so accuse and rob anyone with wealth. So I owe it to my kids to make positive changes in this country. And if anyone's saying to me, why don't you leave? Why don't you  you just fail that's the reason why i owe it to romania and i owe it to my children and i will never leave and that's my last word for tonight so i'm going to become a listener for the lesson like that's my I will appreciate Tristan and your congratulations on today and good luck with the second case which seems pretty weak and obviously good luck in the UK and and hopefully the tide continues turning and good luck and Florida as well I just want to give one of the shout out because my runs here I don't know if we can let my run talk walk quickly I think it but of course my run go ahead man he was a huge supporter of ours no man I mean hey guys I'm not the third here and you're interested in our you know I'm just here listening I'm just happy to be able to help when this shift first broke out I knew it was bullshit is someone that actually investigated human trafficking as a special agent I knew right away these charges were bullshit you know I spent a different amount of time with these guys I saw them day to day like if anything they had a hard time getting the girls to leave the house let alone keeping them there so that's when I knew this was bullshit and for all the idiots that said oh my under delusional supporting these guys are gonna put your credibility in your background  on the line for these guys and I was like yeah, because I fucking know them. You know, playing loyalty doesn't matter if the truth is there. Right? You don't need eyesight to know the truth. So, you know, I stand by these guys 100% for the haters. I'm so happy for you guys and that's it, man. Thank you very much. And thanks, thanks everyone for tuning in. And I would like to, I mean, I just didn't emergency meeting on it. I think I would like to highlight, at least from all of this, is that we all know law fair and we understand how it works and we understand it happens internationally and all around the world. But as the world gets more and more chaotic, perhaps things will heal now under the Trump administration. But as the world gets more and more chaotic, I would like for every single man listening to this to ask themselves the following questions. You're a full grown man. You've had sexual relations at some point in your life. If the police call all of those women who you no longer talk to, how many of them are prepared to take heat to defend you? You'll be surprised. It's very few. And then they can get the statement they need to instruct a prosecutor to then rage your house. They will then...  then get your electronics and go through your entire life to embarrass you and find a real case. They will freeze all of your money. They will take all of your assets. They will take everything from you in travel ban you. You will not be able to work. You will not be able to earn income. You will then have increased expenditures with legal bills. You're going to have to start paying all of those and you're going to suffer for years based on the whims of the law fair system. And I think every single man who's watched this case and watched my brother and I suffer, we haven't managed to survive by blind luck. And it hasn't only been tenacity. It's been a lot of forward planning, a lot of thinking, and you need to ask yourself some questions. If they did to me, what they did to the brothers, how would I survive it? How would I pay for my lawyers? How would I pay for my family? How do my kids eat? How do I survive this garbage? Because truthfully, we now live in a world which is extremely scary to be a man. Because consent for all acts can be removed post. You can have a sexual relationship with a woman.  And this is nothing to even do with my case because my case I didn't even have sex with that girl that this happened Without me having sex with a girl without imagine the girls you have had sex with and They can remove consent post event at any point in the future 10 years 15 years 20 years in the future And they will aim to destroy your life because of it and And that is a very sobering and scary thought that every single man needs to consider how they would handle that scenario because nobody in any country is safe from that Shane any final quick words Yeah, just real quick, you know, I mean this has been really insightful until like what you go through and Accusation to brought against you. I'm curious is there like a defense? Charity that you guys would recommend people support that defends people in situations like this internationally That's a really good question there was a couple who I was talking to at one  point um... but that's the unfortunate reality of these things unfortunate reality of of the world is that we're all playing an economic game that you can't opt out of and although i feel like we've been targeted for our wealth and that's part of the reason the decot prosecutors were so frivolous trying to get hold of as much as they could also our money allow us to fight back and a lot of people are not fortunate in that scenario i think my advice is some advice i said ten or eleven years ago and the advice is pretty simple if you have all of your money inside of one legal jurisdiction you're an easy fish to destroy and i i'm not i'm not talking about breaking any laws i'm talking about if you live in england all your money's in english banks the second you arrested your english banks get frozen in your toast and we now live in an international world and perhaps next time you're on holiday in Singapore you should visit a bank and set one up that's not a legal that's not breaking any laws that's just preparing and understanding that it only takes the whims of one prosecutor to not like you or for you to offend the wrong person or  for you to get too big online a lot of people don't understand as they reach for monumental successes with their dreams and aspirations of being rich and famous online and well-known and having fast cars and lots of money your ability to speak freely is directly correlated with your insignificance you're only allowed to speak freely of nobody fucking listen the second you're successful as you want to be you can't talk freely anymore it is at that point you either sell your soul or you suffer law fair there is no in between it's happened to everybody who's ever done it he longs getting it trump's getting it so i'm just getting anyone who too many people listen to is going to suffer law fair so you have to ask yourself if you are going to be as successful as you want to be one day are you going to shut up or are you going to prepare for war because the war is certain on that note andrew appreciate joining on this late hour Tristan as well thanks a lot everyone thanks Sarah and there we'll probably see you again Andrew when the second case is dismissed as well thank you sir thank you everyone thank you very much thank you everyone 