 So I'm going to tell you some shit that you need to hear. So before we start, the most important thing obviously regarding anything you do in your life is your mindset and that's the first lesson about this is the gene mindset. You know a lot of people messaged me saying why did you call it G course? You could have called it something more serious did it uh no I like that name. I like G. So it's a gene mindset we're going to learn something about ourselves and learn something about how you view the world because in reality how you view the world absolutely and not only shapes how you react to the world how you act in the world how people view you it's all down to how you view things. There's very few things in this life we actually have any control over. I learned all the lessons I'm going to be teaching you the hard way I didn't learn them in a course so you guys are very very lucky I learned all this shit the absolute hard way I came from absolutely nothing a lot of rumors circulating online that you know my father was a world-buffer chess player and I got a lot of money from him and I came from a rich  not the case. My dad was a G straight G. He was in the military. He was based in England in the Air Force. My dad was actually included in the CIA. He was a spy. Now he's dead. I'm happy to say that. So my father worked for the intelligence services. He was based in England. He met my mom. Pretty little white thing. He's a blue-black dude. So back then that was a taboo. He grabbed her, took her back to America with him. A three beautiful offspring of me being the oldest. And then he continued with his life of being a jeep, just pimping hose and playing chess with a lover and traveling and traveling the earth. He never had any large financial sums. He certainly didn't leave me a penny. He didn't have anything to leave. So all he left me with was with a mindset and that mindset was enough that allowed me to build the life I wanted to build. My father never wanted to be physically rich. Never gave a shit about being rich and cared about other things. If you want to be rich, you  I wanted to be rich and all of the lessons I'm going to be putting in this course a lot are from him and a lot are from Experiences of growing up poor growing up in a single mother of household growing up in social housing or the projects in England When my mother and father split I was nine years old They're coming a world-level athlete and now becoming a self-made multi-millionaire So all of these lessons are actually in the hard way and if you disagree with anything in this video That's your corroborated like an absolute assure you. I know I'm talking about I know what I'm talking about. I've lived an extreme life There's a lot of people in mind who give out advice that's fine. I've lived an extreme life more extreme than most I have been in a single mother my mom crying because she can't pay the bills Break as a joke. I've been a multi-millionaire. I've been a nobody. I've been Famous. I've been a world-level athlete. I've started from nothing would have put where I had to run to the gym Because I didn't even have a car to get there I've done it all so I've I've lived a very extreme life and this is what these lessons come from So what I  I talk about G mindset. G mindset is absolutely an art of the most important thing. This is actually quite funny. A girl I was dating once, she said to me, you know you remind me of RuPaul. RuPaul is a famous fucking drag queen. So it's not really her. It's not her. It's her why, she goes, because he has a saying that I always knew I was famous. I had to wait for the rest of the world to catch up. She was you of the same mindset. She said this to me before I had nothing, because I told everyone I'm gonna be a world champion. Years before I even had a British title, I just started fighting. I was like, oh I'm the next world champion, yeah, yeah. I just started saying it, but I said it with genuine conviction. I knew I would be the best. I genuinely knew I would be the best. You have to understand that this world, everyone constantly tells you, do not be arrogant. Do not have an ego. When I had my Twitter, I backed up my ego into overjoy because I found it entertaining. But people will constantly tell you to not talk in a way, which is full of conviction. And people do not like you to have be arrogant and have an ego. This is the worst thing ever.  Let me tell you the fact number one facet or g-line set your life is never gonna be worse if you walk through the world believing You are the fucking man. You wake up looking mirror. I'm the I'm the fucking man. I am the man There's no one on this planet. I can do shit. I couldn't do if I put my mind to it I don't give a fuck how good you are a piano if I decide to play piano I would be better than you are piano and I believe that I don't just say this is I fucking believe them And when you go through life believing you really really are the man there are very few downsides The downsides are everyone's been calling you an arrogant everything called you a dickhead I was gonna say here's a big ego. We're gonna lose a few loser friends who cares? Well, you are gonna gain as other people in the same path We're gonna make other people think yeah, well I'm the fucking man too. This guy's the man makes a mind. That's what's gonna happen So the first thing you do with the g-line says you need to start believing you are the fucking man Even if you're not the man yet, if before I was world champion I knew I was gonna be the man. So I'm gonna give a fuck and I was happy to say that to anybody and people call  the arrogant, stupid and deluded, I just sit there and look at them say I fucked you, I'm going to be the man. And this is how now when my life's kind of come for a certain, this is quite interesting, I'll tell you a very quick story. When I was 19 I think I had a sales job and I had to drive, I had to drive down to a sales meeting to try and sell some advertising, I had a really old shit car. No, I'm a throlden right here, I was about 21, I had this old shit car and driving and as I'm driving my car and I couldn't afford to have it fixed and I bumped in the front, the front was all fucking caked in. So I had to park it away from the sales meeting and walk to the sales meeting. So driving this car, anyway pull up next to me at the lights, red light pull up next to me and I fucking choose day morning, tell I thought music blasted, dropped top, asked in Martin with a Swedish underplay, some fucking dude about 30 with a hot blonde next to him. And I remember looking in thinking who the fuck is this guy? Like here I am with my broken car on my way to fucking do a shit job. I can't afford to fix my car this guy.  It's from fucking Sweden and he's just driven to England and he's got a Swedish play and he's got this hot bitch And he's got music pump and he's almost way to have lunch like where the fuck did my life go around? I want to be like that guy and I think this every single time I live in Romania now I drive around Romania and my fucking Lamborghini or my ass tomorrow We're in my Ferrari room. I Bentley whichever one I'm to suck drive and they're all having wish number plates And I always have a girl with me and people look at me and people are giving me the exact same look I gave that guy People looking like who the fuck is this guy from England? We just drove here from England. I'm standing at the bus stop about to go to work and this guy's got a quarter of a million dollar car And a hot bitch on his way to have lunch and music Larry and the reason I managed to go for a circle is those small events in my life Seeing someone else with more success than me in grain in my brain and To a lot of people that doesn't ingrain their brain. I was walking to school if I was walking to college with my friends I went to a college with another side of town so I do up 4.6  miles to college. You're just fucking like that. So it's to walk, walk, walk. Halfway I meet some other people that are on tour together be a group of five or six of us along the way. And one day a Ferrari burnt past us. And everyone was just like, oh, sorry, I'm like, and I remember saying to the group, I was only 18. It doesn't annoy you that this guy has a fucking 300,000 pound car and you were probably never have to. And they're like, oh, we have someone in the car. No, you don't understand. There is a life hack. There is something happening where people are living lives to other people don't get to live. There is something happening, there is something going on. I want to have a 300,000 pound car. I want it. And no one else wanted it. These little events didn't ingrain their brain. Ferrari driving past me bothered me and it bothered me to my core to the point where I decided how to do anything it takes to have them. Whereas other people just saw and carried on with their normal lives. This is the reason I have the six of us in the car. I think other people have done it because these small events ingrained in my brain. This is the second thing. The G mindset. The first thing you have to believe is the fucking man you can achieve anything.  And when I say that, I don't want to say that again. You have to believe you're the fucking man, and you have to believe you can achieve anything. I'm not saying you can achieve anything easily. I'm not saying it's not gonna take a whole bunch of work. I'm not saying it's gonna happen quickly. But you have to believe you can achieve anything. Take something now. I don't know the fuck it's me an astronaut. I don't care about timing now. Everest, you give me enough time to train. I will get it done. I know that for a fact, because I know who I am as a man. That's the first thing. The second thing is, you need to be perspicacious. You need to understand that in this world, there's a whole bunch of people doing amazing shit that you are not doing. And that needs to piss you off. Because that pisses you off, you become motivated, all of a sudden. I was the only one who was pissed off when I met my asking Martin, who's next to him, I had my sales job. I was the only one who was pissed off when I saw the Ferrari drive pass. Other people were not annoyed by it. And they're not annoyed by it. They're not driven to be it. They're not driven to be where that person was. You need to be annoyed. And I'm telling you, I'm telling you to be angry. Anger is a fantastic thing.  Like I said, the world tells you not to be arrogant, tells you not to be angry. There's two things it tells you to do. Don't be arrogant, don't have an evil, and you don't have anger. You're a fucking man, you're a full grown man. It's perfectly fine to be pissed off. It's perfectly fine for you to look around at your life. Look at the girl you're fucking, look at the house you're living, look at the car you drive, and get pissed off, and though, you know what, I want a hawker bitch. I want a fucking nicer house, I want faster cars. There's nothing wrong, if you take that anger, and you direct it in the correct direction. This is the reason I stop fighting now. Why do you stop fighting now? It's because I fought, and I went through hell to get everything I now have. I had nothing when I fought. I had nothing, and I wanted the life I now have. Now I wake up in one of my three mansions, one of my seven super cars, and one of my 15 women. What do I need to fight for? People have different motivations for different things, for some fighters out there, and fight for other reasons. My motivation was I was pissed off at the world, and now I'm not as angry as I used to be, so I don't believe I'm as good as a fighter as I used to be. I'll still whoops and mess. I'm not as good as I used to be.  That's what I decided to retire early. But this is the second thing. First thing, believe it or not, second thing, you need to get angry by the situation. If you've bought this course and you're watching and you're sitting there, right now you're watching and you look around you and you don't own home you're in, get pissed off. If you're at Ferrari on your drive, get pissed off. If you don't have 10 Playboy Bunning level beauties, get pissed off and what the fuck's, you need to sit there and realize, whoa, whoa, whoa, I have a few years of consciousness. And even less than that, I have a few short years of young man because age of damage to you, if you're a millionaire in your 60s, not nearly as good as being a millionaire at my age, I became a millionaire in 28. So you need to realize you've got a few short years of young man, you're fucking wasting it. You need to sit there and go fuck, shit, get angry. He's getting angry, forced, directed angry as an extremely powerful person. These are the first two things you need to do for a G-Minds. This is the third thing, this is a very, very important thing because I try and explain this to people. You don't seem to understand it. So I'm gonna make this very, very fun. Nobody.  Absolutely nobody gives a fuck about you as much as you're gonna have to The fuck works Nobody cares about you as much as they need to care to fix your life Even your parents, even your friends, even all the people who think they care about you They care about you, yeah sure there may be two or three people on the planet in genuine care about you But nobody is gonna come to your bed, drag you out of bed, fucking drag you to a job, force you to work hard Go and get you a hot bitch and go and buy you a Ferrari Nobody is going to do that for you, you are never gonna have any of the things you want if you do not get them yourself Nobody cares about you enough to do it for you This is absolutely true, there's no one else who wakes up each day and goes you know what? I want to make Andrew take life better, I want to get him more pussy and more money No one thinks that about me, no one thinks that about you either Nobody thinks that about me, the only person who gives a shit about your life truly is you And if you don't give a shit then you're fucked, but point two get angry you're gonna start giving a shit  very soon. After you get angry you need to realize that nobody is going to give you the things you want. It doesn't matter if Donald Trump is president or not. He's Trump fan but it doesn't make a difference. No politician is going to make you rich. No one else is going to come along and say, I'm going to concentrate my effort on fixing your life. Nobody. You have to understand you are out here alone. Absolutely a man. When you understand these three things you start to see how a mindset comes together. Nobody is going to save you. You thought it's totally out of you. You pissed off of your current situation and you want to change it. Plus you believe you can do absolutely anything. This is how I thought I ate ten years ago. This is how I achieved so much in the true of years. This is how I went from a nobody to world-level athlete and a motto leader. Also people confused too. Kickboxing is not boxing. I made it across my entire career in kickboxing maybe about 700,000. I now have about eight and nine million. This was not made in kickboxing. This was made in other ventures. I have managed to be a world-level athlete and I truly suspect that this is made.  exactly the same time because I have very young age and I have my prime resource of energy and power 18, 19 years old. I understood those three tenants. I believe I can do anything. I'm pissed off and I don't have the life I want. And nobody else is going to give it to me. These are three things you need to understand. If any one of these elements is missing, you'll never have the right mindset. The G mindset will never formulate if any one of these elements is missing. All three are absolutely essential. And the sooner you get your act of it, the sooner you start to panic and worry and be concerned that you're 24 or 25, you're not fucking rich yet. There's 24 and 25 euros out there who got a contract for fucking NBA with a parent so they won the lottery. Who knows what? There's 24 and 25 euros out there who are multi-millionaires fucking the hot models. These Instagram girls with three million followers, they're getting dicked by someone and it ain't you and that needs to piss you off. You need to get concerned. You get worried. You shit. I'm not in time. You need to get some urgency in your life. Put these three things together.  the beginning of the gene mindset. When you have these things, three things, totally done, I'll tell you what happens. It'll happen for me. So I became a saer. So my brother said, you become a saer. And what that means is I made a pact to him that my word was unbreakable, strengthen on him. And that if I said something, I meant it. So I'd wake up in the morning, I'd say to my brother, I'd do a thousand pressups for you. Once I said it, once I spoke it, it's like a gene, it became true. If I said I was gonna do a thousand pressups, I'd do it. Because if I didn't do it, I'd feel guilty within myself that I was the kind of person who talked shit. The genes don't talk shit. So the three tenants who've already learned when you've instilled these in your mind, you don't want to be the kind of person who talked shit. So if I woke up to my brother, so I'm doing a thousand pressups, or I'm running 20 miles away, I would do it. Because if I didn't do it, I'd feel like a dickhead. Because when you instilled these mindsets, when your mindset changes, you start to be extremely accountable for yourself. No one's coming to save you. You're going to be extremely accountable. When you realize that, you're...  words when the few things you have on this planet, you say things, you can start sticking to them. So they never come very easy to train. You say, I'm going to train every day this week. I'm going to train the two hours a day. As soon as you set it, it's basically done. If I say something, it's basically done. It's set in stone. If I say something, I'm going to do it. There's no way I'm going to say, I'm going to make sassy words and speed them into existence on this planet. And then I'm going to be the kind of pussy you quiz, because it's too hard. If I say I'm going to do 10,000 push-offs, I'm going to do it. Because I'm the kind of person who sticks to the words he says. And this is another thing he does stand with a G90. It's very, very specifically what you say. Because if you can still your mindset correctly and you start to just say things, just start saying things. Then you hold yourself accountable. Say things you don't even think you want to do. Wake up and walk to your friend and your mom or whoever and say, you know what? I'm going to do a thousand push-offs today. Say it to people. And they're going to say, no, you're not. So watch me. And then you have a choice. You're either going to succeed like a G or you're going to be a little pussy. You're going to quit at 310, because it's hard. What kind of man are you? That's the decision you need to make.  You're the kind of man I was I'd say shit and I fucking stick to it My brother so you become a sauer. I used to train my brother He'd say let's do 500 so let's do 2000 and see who you've said it now so we have to do it exactly I said it now so now we have to do it. There is no surrender I have to do it. This is another Bass energy mind sense number four. You got to start saying shit and your word has to be iron Unbreakable this translates to press everything It's not just training. I can't say suppose everything in life even relationships I say to my girlfriend stop fucking me or out the house Men say that all the time in our mix and then they continue to argue for two hours We'll say that in the argue if I say that and she continues to talk shit I start throwing her shit fucking more because I said it When I say something I mean if I look a man as I sound whoop your ass Shut up and he continues to talk. I have to kick his ass I'm careful why say my friend to shut up. He doesn't shut up. That's a different thing  If I say shut up, I'm gonna whoop your ass and he continues to talk. I will fuck him up. Because I'm the kind of person who if I say something, I mean what I say. I'm specific with my language and I mean every word I speak. This is another tab. This is number four. You have to start meaning every word you speak. You say to someone, I'm gonna give rich. You better fucking do it. Otherwise you're a liar. A liar and you're a little bitch. If you say, I'm gonna put some muscle on you better fucking do it. You say, I'm gonna lift this weight. You better fucking do it. It's time I'm gonna go get this girl. You better go get her. You go be the kind of person who says things and means you promise a guy you're gonna whoop his ass. You better whoop his ass. Don't be a person. 99% of the people out here talk shit. They say things they have mean or things they don't mean. If I say something I fucking mean and this is number four, it's the fourth element. If I heard the first three, it's number four. Everything you say you must mean. And once you implement that correctly then you get the ability to motivate yourself to no end. You get unlimited motivation because all you have to do is find the energy to say it. You find the...  energy to say it, then you have to do it. It's literally that easy. I'd wake up in the morning and say, Tristan, we run in 20 miles a day, who'd say, I'll be fine. It's gonna be a marathon, but yep, let's go. Because America is all fucking day. I said it. If I say something, it has to happen. This is the fourth tenet, and one of the most important ones, but that is the power to unlimited motivation. And that's the power to be taken seriously across all spheres of your life. Be specific with your language. I was in a restaurant on the day some guy I was on, and he was going to go for it. And they're talking shit. He's like, you'd better be quiet. Better be quiet. It keeps him you'd better be, but there's no threat at the end of that. I don't really like that. You're gonna make a threat, make a fucking threat. But my point is, he's trying to make a threat, but he has no threat at the end because it's empty and the bitches ignoring him. These things translate across the entire sphere. Or if you say to this a girl or a guy, you'd better be quiet or else, and then you don't follow through, they're gonna remember that shit. Even on a subconscious level, they're gonna remember that shit. Your words gonna be devalued. My word has vowed.  I can go into let's say the Florida You know I guess I'll pay tomorrow shake his hand. Who give me the car? He knows me I can go and get my car fixed to say I'll be back on Monday. I got some so I will shake my hand I don't lie if I say I'll be back on Monday and I don't have money on Monday I'll rob a bank to make sure I have money on Monday because I fucking said I'd be there to pay It's the kind of person you need to be so these are the first four elements of the G-Mikes When these sound like simple things but to implement them correctly truly and correctly in your mind will change your entire You'll start to look at everything completely You implement these four things correctly When you say if I say something I'm gonna do it my word is iron will you say that nobody's ever coming to save me ever You said I'm pissed off. I don't have the life I want to have and you couple that with I believe I can do anything If you truly believe all of these four things it's gonna change your entire view of this planet a wrap-up  that could pertain. They verified me and everything, and I spoke too much truth for what I had to go. When my former, my most famous tweets were my satisfaction with it. And I had a list of celebrities. I had the girl from Game of Thrones. I had fucking literally a list of guys. Who's that dude from no country, from old, old man, he's a bad guy in bones as well. I actually felt like I'm as an actor until I came from. I was having an argument with all these people. And everyone's telling me how dangerous my mind is. What is dangerous about believing that you control your mind with? Because if you implement the four things I've just told you, depression becomes garbage. Depression is not a thing anymore. Feeling depressed is real. You can be depressed with your situation. I just told you, number two, get depressed. That's fine. But believing you can fix it yourself is the important key. Sitting there believing that depression is some monster from the sky that strikes your brain. And now you have no control over it. And you must take pills every day. It's the absolute enemy to a G-Mine.  I don't give a fuck how depressing my situation. The only person who can change it is me. The only person who can change how I feel about my situation or try and affect the situation directly is me. Even if you put me in a situation I can't change. You can put me in jail and depress me because I'm in jail. I still refuse to succumb to depression. I refuse to collapse, cementally, and give up. I know the only person who can control my mind is me. Nobody's coming to save me. No doctor with a pill is coming to save me. Depression isn't real. Depression is a state of mind designed to motivate you to find a life that doesn't depress you. That's all it is. Now you have to decide or you man enough to go and get it done or you sit around and cry. Depression, the reason I talk about depression a lot is depression in the Western world is to cure all. It's to cure all of scuse. This is what people are using. My life's shit because I'm depressed. No, you're depressed because your life is shit. It's the other way round and you're refusing to acknowledge that and you want to sit there and live a shit life and pretend it's some disease.  has struck you and the reason you know that, or she, anyone out there who's depressed at face of you, not depressed or a coward, and the reason you're a coward is as follows. You desperately try to defend this crippling ailment. When I tell you depression is real, you message me pages and pages desperate to convince me I'm wrong that depression is a real thing and in your life is terrible and this ailment has destroyed your life because you're desperate to defend your excuse. If depression is really terrible, you wouldn't want to defend it. If depression is really so bad and I'm telling you it's not real and I know how to fix you and if you implement a mindset like mine, you become immune to depression. If depression is so terrible, you'd listen to me and think, I need to try what this guy does. I need to do it. If he's immune to depression, it's impossible to depress him. I need to be like this man, but instead know. You don't want to do that. You want to call me names and sit and defend this ailment because you know it's garbage. It's your excuse. It's your blankets. It's your excuse to get the pull out anytime you look at your failure of a life and that's why depression is at.  and not really not really. And anyone who's bought this course and thinks they're depressed, I'll tell you something now, drop that coward bullshit. If you're watching this and you're depressed, drop and give me 200 press ups. Do 200 press ups. Look in the mirror, look in your eyes and tell yourself you're the fucking man and drop that garbage because you can get absolutely nowhere in your life if you believe in that crap. Depression acts immediately. And then you're gonna say this to people and they're gonna fucking go nuts. They're gonna call you arrogant and they're gonna call all the things they called me but your life is gonna be a life worth living. And implement the four things that told you, the four important tenets of a G mindset. Understand nobody's coming to save you. Depression isn't real. You'll change your entire world if you once these four things are implemented correctly. And then you can be one. Right, we've been over the mindset. The mindset, the four tenets of the mindset are, believe you can do absolutely anything. To be pissed off if you haven't done it yet. Three absolutely nobody is coming to save you and four, your word has to be iron-willed. Use that for unlimited motivation. Okay.  which in males, and I'm assuming, like I said previously most of your men, males for a very long period of time had a very physical role. Our role was combatants. Our role was a combative role. Our role was to protect, to destroy, or to dominate, or to conquer. This was a male's role. So in the modern society where we pretend physicality isn't important, to die physicality and people say it doesn't matter. It absolutely does matter because it's just a dawn of human time. My favorite saying that one walks before us is the dawn of human time. For 95% of our existence a man's role was primarily a physical role. So physicality is extremely important. And when you're looking at body language, it's quite difficult to have the body language of alpha. What is an alpha? Let me analyze quickly. What is an alpha? If you look in the Alliance pride, who's the alpha? Alpha is the biggest strongest line. This is just the alpha. Alpha is the badass. So can you mimic the body language of the biggest longest strongest line? Yeah, of course.  not the biggest strongest line, you know, it's not as easy to pull off and some of my call your bruv. So this is actually a very easy video. Body language is down to physicalities all. The body language of a G is a combative body language. I'm not saying you walk through life like this and looking for a fight not at all, but you have to have a presence about you, whereas you're not an easy target. It's quite funny actually because when you're a fighter you can spot other fighters in my life. And it's not just big muscle guys. You can put me in a room with at 30 guys who go to the gym or fitness experts can come in and walk through and if one of them is a high level combatant, one of them is a professional fighter like me. I can tell by the way he moves. Probably the same way a dancer can sense another dancer. I can sense another fighter and something instinctual or something I can't even tell you how I do it. I can just tell by the way someone moves if they can fight or if they can't fight. It doesn't matter if I have the best body in the world.  ripped but it's a way they move. I've seen guys who don't have a body like that and I can sense it. I've seen guys who are built like that and I can just tell that they were coming. It really is an amazing thing. And I think this is something that you become more tuned into, more honed on when you're a fighter yourself. There's always something that humans naturally possess. We naturally possess the ability to spoil another male and think that guy is a dangerous guy. So I can tell you tips and tricks in an attempt to mimic the body language of a dangerous person or you can become a dangerous person. This course is not short cut course. This is not tips and tricks. This is not bullshit. This is about how to become a genius, how to become a genuine asshole, genuine male of substance and to become a genuine male of substance you need to know how to fight. It's very difficult to be a G if you're going through life and you crumble at at physical confrontation because when you get to a certain point in your life you will encounter physical confrontations. If you're gonna go and travel the world  drive fast cars and wear expensive things and attempt to fuck people from women all over this planet. Sooner or later you're going to attract negative attention from either jealous men or an ex-boyfriend or a brother or who fucking robber who wants your car. Who knows? Are you really a G of you mimic every single aspect of high quality man and then when that situation happens you fold? No, of course you don't. You need to learn how to fight. I don't need to teach you how to fight. I don't need to sit here in this course to do this, do that. I don't need to teach you any of that because you can go, doesn't matter what seat you are on earth, there's an MMA class or there's a boxing class that they teach you how to fight. You need to dedicate substantial periods and portions of your time to learning how to fight. You need to get hit. You need to have your ass kicked. You need to learn how to kick someone's ass. And this is absolutely essential to one of the mindset to the physicality. First thing mindset wise fighting something is a brilliant thing.  because fighting is 100% accountable. Even if you play soccer, for example, even if your team wins, maybe you didn't do very much, or maybe you kicked the ball and the wind helped you. Who knows? But fighting, if you got punched in the face, you didn't move. And if you punched in the face, you threw your hand. And fighting, we always say there's no such thing as a lucky punch. And it's true. I've I dedicate my life to learning how to punch. And then I knock someone out. Is it a lucky punch? No. I talk to Mal, that's not been trained to do. No such thing as a lucky punch. So mindset-wise, it's perfect for your accountability. Secondly, it's a huge challenge. Learning how to fight is extremely difficult. It's more difficult to learn how to dance or learn how to do anything else. And the reason for this is because learning how to fight, all humans have an instinctual way of fighting. We don't have any instinctual way to dance as much. All humans basically are pre-programmed to fight. But the way we're pre-programmed to fight is completely wrong. A pre-programmed to lift our head up, so we look big and we can see and to swing with our hands low for maximum power.  these are completely wrong in terms of traditional chin down hands up fighting so when you're learning to fight you're reprogramming your basic instincts and this is why it's so difficult this is why it takes more practice than the other sport I could learn to dance much easier than the dance of a part to fight a high level and that's because fighting is extremely chaotic it's extremely quick it hurts and on top of that you're trying to reprogram a basic instinct so it's a very difficult thing to do but if you want to become a G for real you need to learn how to fight and once you learn how to fight your body language you want to say once you learn how to fight you're learning how to fight these years once you start to begin to learn how to fight it's a lifestyle choice this is not I do a six-week course that I know how to fight no this is a lifestyle choice when you start to dedicate a certain period of your time every single week to be a combatant in a dream and it's something that you never really give up on because you've never completely learned how to fight so it's something you're not to change your lifestyle a basic  when you start to do that, your body language is going to change. And once again, just like in the first lesson, when you start to do that, the way you interact and the view the world will start to change. The way you view other people will start to change. This is a great thing about, especially when I had Twitter and Internet, I was a big one Twitter until Trump was elected, and that's when I started to tweet, and they verified me straight away, and I got mixed up and I didn't do my crazy. But I realized that 99% of people on there with their opinions that were being rude, would never speak to you that way in real life. You never bothered me, you didn't ever upset me, but when I was on Twitter, I'd never been spoken to you that way in real life. Nobody ever spoke to me that way, no one ever argued with me that way. And I thought, why is that? And I thought, because I have a physical presence that even I wasn't aware of, if I sit with some of my hate Trump in real and the real world, the way they speak to me is completely different than they do on Twitter, because even subconsciously they're thinking, this guy is a dangerous guy. And even if they know what never...  I'm not an idiot, I don't have a criminal record. I'm not a thug. But instinctually, inside of their mind, from an evolutionary standpoint, they think, and this is not the kind of guide you call names. It's not the kind of guide you talk to in that manner. And it's exposed a really great experiment for me to see the way that people talk to you, the pure and the way that I've never been interacting with that way in your life. I was like, well, why is that? Because I said, this is something else to go, oh, people talk to me like that all the time. I said, well, yeah, it's because you're you and I'm me. So a physical presence is a real thing. And it's a real thing, one of the other males, this is certainly a real thing with females. Absolutely a real thing with females. And this is something that either I can teach you to imitate, I can tell you tips and tricks, or you can just go and fucking do it. If you go and do it for real, you don't need tips and tricks. Are you gonna be world champion? No, because I'm in the top, not 0.1% of physical athletes. But can you be good? I'm sure you can be good. And is it gonna damage your life in any way  time learning how to fight of course not. It's gonna be a better physical condition, better mental condition. You're gonna have a better body language because a male's body language is a combative body language. That's what men are meant to do. We are meant to fight, we're meant to conquer. This is why men have been men, this is the dawn of human time. This is why the Romans got some rocks, melted the rocks, made swords. These motherfuckers didn't have Google maps, didn't know where they were going. They thought let's just walk in this direction and they were going to find some people and were to kill them. They were to take all their women and were to conquer the city because we want them. This is what men have been built to do since the dawn of human time. Men are combating individuals. So to pretend that combat's on real anymore and we live on society, we don't have to do that. All garbage, you know? And this is Western society, I suppose, anyway. If you've been, I've been to 71 countries. If you go to the places I've been, you will realize that physical presence is still a very real thing. Absolutely a very real thing. In many parts of this planet, still today. So body language of the G is very, very short and simple.  One going to learn to fight because a man's body language needs to be a combative body language and there's no point in me teaching you how to imitate that, we can go and learn it for real. That's the first thing going on to have a fight. And that's it. It's really that simple. If you want a body language which really does display your values a high value male, then go and become one and learning how to fight is the easiest way to do that. Alright, so let's talk about how to use your voice to make the pussy moist. And what do I mean by that? Well, the reality is most men nowadays walk around very timidly, they're very soft with their voice and they don't command the room, right? They don't command someone's attention. So here's an example. Let's say you're going to starfucks and you're going to get you a cappuccino, right? Maybe you drink soy lattes, whatever. But when you order a lot of people are timid like, I'll have the number three, right? And then if someone doesn't hear them, they just kind of sit back and let it be. Instead of commanding the person who's working attention.  So if I were to walk up and order a soy latte, I would walk up like excuse me, I'll take a number three. Right? You're commanding their attention. You're commanding what you want. So the thing is you want to command attention. Right? If a king walks in a room, do you think he's tempered? So you have to think this whole course, the whole point is you have to start considering yourself a king, right? You're a king of your domain. You're a king of your state. You're a king of your country. You're a king of the world, right? When you walk into a room, you're commanding it. When you talk to someone, you're using your voice to make a point. Right? You see how I'm pausing. So a lot of people will be like, well, I don't have a naturally deep voice with me. Like, I don't sound like you. That's fine. Every fucking man can absolutely take voice lessons. Can you not? Right? Can you not take voice lessons? It's not even that expensive. You go down to a community college in the States. Maybe they, I don't know what they call it in other countries. You're in your college, whatever. You...  You can go and literally pay a few bucks and get voice lessons and learn how to speak from here, right? And learn how to use your voice to compel people. Look at all another thing you can do, which is excellent. And this is how I learn how to speak. Watch speeches and watch interviews with Bill Clinton. So fuck the politics, right? Fuck all the politics you're doing. Don't care about that. Bill Clinton is one of the most charismatic people in the world. You watch how he moves, watch how he speaks, watch how deliberate he is. Barack Obama, I've actually met charismatic, but not, I don't think he was that extremely effective with his speech, but he does have a ways of cadence and how he speaks and says things. So, when it comes to girls, it's an absolute scientific fact that women are turned on by voice, right? Deep voice. It's just because it's manly, right? It's telling them subconsciously, it's high testosterone. Therefore, he will be good to breed with and his baby.  will actually survive. So when you're talking to girls, not just lowering your voice a bit, but slowing it down. So think about this. If you have someone who's nervous around pretty girls, which is natural, you have to work through that. And they're with a pretty girl, hey, what's your name? Where are you from? Okay, cool. Yeah, I'm under the right there. They're getting their words out. Someone who feels like they're not heard, where people don't respect them, will speak quickly and already get it all out before someone interrupts them. It's very fucking true. Someone who's used to being respected or having establishing boundaries in the sense of don't cut me off, don't talk over me, the pause. And what I do, because people will still try to cut you off, especially like in New York, when the fuckers speak quick, that's the way it is, it's all literally pause. I'm like, I'm not done and give it a beat, right? Give it a second, sure. Because it reestablishes the frame of like, okay, I do need to listen. So you really have to own your space with people, when you're speaking with girls.  Slow the voice down don't fucking speak super quick take your time because what it will happen is the girls You go wow the sky he actually like when he says something he means it He's deliberate with his speech, but that doesn't mean you can't talk quicker and whatnot because I'm talking fast right now But I've intention and I'm punching you with the words Right and sending the words to you. I'm not sending them here. Most people go like this they go They throw away the words No shoot them to you. Where are you going? You know what I mean? Where are you going? I'm shooting the words to So get out here and what happens is especially about introverts There's there's so here instead of focusing on the other person if you focus on the other people If you focus on the other person if you find something about them that's interesting then you'll be able to speak to them With intention so it's very important so to wrap it up If you have issues with your voice be able to list right it's fucking fixable when I was six years  I couldn't pronounce certain words legitimately. I couldn't even say it oil. Dead serious. I used to say it way way. So it was like a joke in my family. Whenever my dad was like working on the car or whatever. So I would say, is he getting a, like literally out of fucking stutter. So they took me like a speech pathologist. And a speech pathologist was like, oh, he'll work it out. Whatever. You know, so my mom kind of worked with me. So I don't want to hear excuses if I have a list or a stutter. I'm working through it. Fucking work through it. A lot of people that stutter, the reason why they stutter, the fact is, is because they think what they're going to say, people are going to make fun of. Right? So it makes them nervous. I've known people that have overcome stutters, lists, and being gay. No, I'm kidding. So anyway, I'm going to wrap it up. But deliberate. Get a voice coach if you need it. And you're talking to girls slow at the fuck down. Own your space. Own what you're saying. And here's the oil. You believe that what you say is super fucking important other people will tell. All right. Let's.  I actually wanted to put lesson three and lesson four together. So you're a bit disappointed with the previous lesson, me just saying, I'm not going to fight. Because like I said, this is a no bullshit course. That's the truth. You want the body language of a G, go learn how to fight. You're going to have the body language of a fucking G. Simple. But I actually want to put these two together because dressing like a G and body language it all kind of ties in. Like it doesn't matter what you wear if you haven't got the correct swag. And you do have the right body language. It doesn't really matter what you wear either. It's amazing. We're not, we're not females. We're men. So what I'm wearing now, this is a fucking $6 shirt. But I have it open because I've got to fucking my chest is built and the G. And I wear it how I want. And I walk into a room and my chest out. Just like what I sit down and I'm going to just look at who the fuck's that guy. It's not an expensive shirt. Now if I had a Gucci tag, I was walking around all meat and shit. Would it make a difference? Really? No.  fashion, but in a piece of fashion, it's like I can give you, it's to go to the fucking gym. Get built. You're built, you don't need fashion. That fashion is just way to short cut that shit. So dressing like a G and body language G are actually extremely linked. Yeah, you do need some expensive clothes. Yeah, you need some loud pieces, et cetera. But even then, I mean, this shirt, you can just allow. A loud piece is once again down to how you carry it. If you were allowed to shirt and you don't, and you look uncomfortable, it doesn't work. You gotta pull it off. You're attracting attention, just like a peacock. Peacock gets those feathers out. It's like, yeah, look at me. This is exactly the same thing. So the mindset and the body language are actually a lot more important than the clothes you wear. I mean, am I going to tell you how to dress? Not particularly. I think you can go out there and find your own sense of style. The most important way of looking at it is how do you feel when you wear those clothes? You know, and that is down to the mindset and the body language you're looking at against. You do not need to spend stupid money on those. I have stupid money clothes, but I also have stupid money, but I wouldn't need them to get laid.  Really, I'm telling you the truth, women don't actually give a fuck about many of the things that money provides. Even having a Lamborghini women don't care, women don't care about cars. We're going to impress too many of our boys, because they're all going to be involved by it. Girls are impressed that you're a man enough, with enough ambition to be able to afford a Lamborghini, but they don't care about the Lamborghini itself. There's not a single female alive who will sit there and go, I don't like this guy. I don't like the way he carries himself. I don't like how he thinks. I don't like how he talks, but he's wearing a Gucci t-shirt, so I'm a fuck-a-medium. That's never going to happen. It's all about everything else. The clothes you wear really are, unless they're totally awful, really ain't going to make too many difference. So, how to dress like a G, it's a very short lesson. You can find your own set to style. It's all about how you feel when you wear the clothes. Yeah, obviously there's some basic things we can go over. In fact, I don't even have any fashion rules. The only fashion rule I have to give is never, ever, ever wear fit clothes. They're never cool. They're a non-combatif, or they came running.  I don't know. Maybe when people say to me, you're obsessed with it. I've been diffused. I've had my fair share of street altercations. I live in the mafia, in the country, etc. But, why you know where footwear you couldn't even run in? Imagine like a car is coming out and you came and fucking run. Why would you leave yourself in that? On top of that, since winter men's feet hot or attractive on any level, no chance to say fucking dirty feet. You're a female because you're a woman. Don't wear flip-flops. And when you don't wear flip-flops, ever. There's no excuse to have a wearer. If you don't do that, you really can't buck up too bad. You know, where were you going? Wherever you go to the gym, you get a good physical shake. You put on pretty much anything. It's all about how you carry yourselves about your body language, about how you think. The clothes really, really don't make too big a difference. I didn't want this whole course to be about fucking girls because fucking girls is actually a very minor. It takes very little effort if you achieve anything else. A lot of these game courses and courses trying to teach you how to get girls focus purely on how to get the girl. And that's the biggest mistake. You really do this with all those coaches. Go and get the girl and go talk to her this way. This is game.  That's all bullshit. If you focus on everything else I'm telling you about, girls are absolutely unanimous. If you have your money right, if you talk with conviction, if you're a man of stature, if you are going through life with ambition, if you are big and strong and well trained, and you're well-fooled with confidence, you're not gonna need any gain. The girls are gonna sense it, and you're gonna have girls. I don't have to go out in my way to the lady. Ever, girls message me, they don't message me. If I message them or I go say hello to them, they certainly reply. I've never spoken with females in my life ever, because I've never focused on females. I've focused on everything else that made me high value, and the women were an added bias. They're the, they're the, they're the, they're the to soul on the popcorn. We're not the popcorn itself. So I don't really wanna talk about women too much, but even when we look at it from how to dress up and achieve perspective, what? Perfect fashion will achieve you. It will achieve you 10 seconds. Imagine you go to the store, you buy the big, the best, the money, you should, 10 grand.  15 year-end I've got a load of them, I've got 15 year-end suits. On my Instagram you can check it out, I've got a picture of me, 15 year-end suit. I'll go and look at you and she'll think, oh yeah okay, do I think you're hot or whatever, you go over to her and you say hello because she liked when you were wearing you've bought yourself 10 seconds of interest. If that were 15 grand you bought yourself 10 seconds of interest and in those 10 seconds you were boring or you don't make her laugh or she doesn't like what you say she's gonna fuck about what you're wearing. That's it, it's done. You work yourself 10 seconds of interest of 15 grand is it worth it? Absolutely not. You can go over there and anything. It's more about what you're saying how you carry yourself than it is about what you're actually wearing. So to think that if I wear this and do this I mean if girls is absolutely a fantasy that's not true, I'm not gonna tell you it's true like I said this course is no good shit. It really doesn't matter too much what you wear if you're the man who's supposed to be. So say how to dress like a jeep well I wouldn't even worry about that too much. What you need to worry about first is the mindset secondly is the body language when you achieve those two things the rest really isn't too complicated.  How to dress? We're right over the fucking wall. Because if your mind sets right and you buddy language is right, you can wear whatever the fucking wall. I can put on a bin bag and walk in the club. I'm still a fucking. It doesn't matter why we're here. I can wear the fucking cheapest clothes and walk in the club. I'm still a fucking man. I'm still the man because I've decided I'm the fucking man. I've been to hell and back to get my work done. I know I'm a fucking man. So it doesn't matter why we're here. And people will sense that about me. Even my brother sometimes, even a brother disagree with me. Even my brother says, you don't even brush your hair. You don't put any effort. You go, you're about to go on the date. You're not even changing your t-shirt and you want that to change. I don't give a fuck. I don't care if I'm the fucking man. I don't go beat this bitch. I'm gonna turn up. I'm gonna fucking landbo. I'm gonna tell her how great I am. And she's gonna give a fuck what my t-shirt is. I don't need to brush my fucking hair. My hair's messed. I don't care. I don't brush my hair. Why would I brush my hair? I don't need to. I get out the shower with a smile. I'm gonna like this. Boom. That's my hair style. And it's done. I'm gonna get back to my physical appearance. Because everything about me is more than a physical.  a transcend his career. And if you do the first two lessons correctly, you will once again transcend his career. So you don't need to go through fucking walking along IELZ saying, we help, this is QQ Shee Shirt. We'll just get me laid. No Gucci T-shirts get me laid, bro. It's never gonna happen. It's about who you are as a person. The clothes just cover up your dick for a little while. So she wants to get it out. You ain't no worry about it too much. So how do you trust like a G is actually completely down to you? That's your personal style. You can make any decision you want to make. But don't wear footflops along. And two, if you do the first two lessons correctly, it doesn't matter what style you really choose, you're gonna do it, you're gonna do it right. In fact, I hate to contradict myself when we're doing this entire course without any kind of edits and any kind of costumes, no second takes. This is just pure truth. There is another role besides no footflops. So that's one way. This is the second way. If you are gonna spend a lot of money, don't spend it in like footwalk or a search. Footwalk is the only place you can go if you spend $2,000 and still need one. Don't dress like a fucking...  Street teenager, you know, just wear some normal ass. I mean, I'm telling you guys to you know make your own decisions I'm assuming you're not complete morals. Don't be morons. Put on some normal clothes, you know And you'll be fine. Don't go for luck or anything. Oh, I bought these these trainers and let it because don't give a shit You can go there and you get to spend very little and because of my stature because of how I am because of how I'm built Because of my body because of how I train I could spend $10 on clothes and you've buried many of you motherfuckers Not that was a lot of times. I'm that's the point I'm trying to make so How to dress like a G is to do less than one and less than two your mindset and your voice language correct and then you ain't got Worse for shit what fucking label is on your t-shirt? That's absolutely so Let's talk about the mindset Behind making money so years and years ago I had a poverty mindset and why that and how many money? But that's not the important part the important part was that I thought it must be super hard to make money So if you think so  They're not gonna get all new agey on you, but if you think something you say it out loud You start to believe it and what you believe and you start to act on it and then those actions become habits And then your habits want to become your fucking life, right? So I used to say so fucking hard to make money like what the fuck why Why can't I make money? Why isn't so hard? What is the deal? This is bullshit. I'm just in bad with business I'm bad with making money. That's what it is some people are born good with making money and other people just don't have it This is bullshit, but it is what it is. Set this out loud for years Guess what they're making money and hit a point of me being so fucking broke that I was literally homeless a lot of you guys know the story I was literally homeless on food stamps and Where you're like you hit such a low you're like I have to try something different because clearly whatever the fuck I'm doing is not working and so what happened was I met this mentor and How I met him I'm talking about this lady  but how I'm meeting, in and of itself, if she's taking action, and seeing someone, it means, and going up to them, being humble, and be like, hi, except to ask you, what do you do? How do you have this Lamborghini, or how do you have this, whatever? What do you do? And they'll tell you, I'm a Wall Street broker, I'm a doctor, I'm an online business, whatever. Oh, that's interesting, right? Getting rich is not complicated, it's not easy, but it's not complicated. Basically, looking at what someone else is doing, and then fucking do it, right? All of this course, a lot of this course, honestly, could be chalked up to like common sense. The common sense isn't so common anymore, right? You know what I mean? Like we're living in an era where like, common sense shit is fucking, you know, people are like, wow, this is fucking mind, it's mind blowing. But when it comes to money, people do get up, you know, they get caught up because they believe they have self-indulging beliefs, they have family that have told them certain things, all rich people got lucky, or money's evil.  Money is bad, money will make you happy, it's all fucking bullshit. If you're a miserable person to get money, you'll probably still be miserable, but at least you'll be miserable and y'all. So you're not gonna be as miserable if you're completely broke. But the mindset behind it, so I had this poverty mindset. So when it's switched, because at the mentor who explained to me, because the reason why you haven't made money is because you think it's hard to make money. You have to change that and think of it as, no, it's easy to make money. I'm like, well, that's not necessarily true though, that's easy to make money. He goes, not necessarily, but you've got to at least get your mind thinking positively. Because what will happen is your subconscious will start working on how to actually make money, even when you're asleep and shit. That's why if you've ever woken up in the middle of the night, you're like, you have a great idea, because your subconscious is working on figuring it out, figuring out how to get this. Notif in the way the women, if you're like, it's impossible to get a nine, it's impossible, can't get a nine, it's never gonna happen. I'm just not the guy who gets nine, set it up. You're never gonna have a nine. If you're like, you know what?  All fucking women love me beautiful woman want this dick beautiful woman want to be with me Not this motherfucker not that one with me and you actually believe it Then you're putting that energy out into the world And I'm not trying to be weird with new agey ship energy is a very fucking real thing, right? So you're putting that energy out to the world and guess what? Miraculously, which is actually you taking action things will start happening in your life So I took good things so I took that mentor's advice and started going you know what I need to I do I haven't been negative about money in the sense of like why the fuck don't I have any like to a level of anger and frustration I literally punch my partner wall on time. This was before I was like completely fucking homeless Literally punch the wall, so so fucking angry because I don't come for money No one on other sort of my family is any fucking money. There's no rich uncle left me money I wish I did but it didn't happen So I switched the mindset to know it. It's not hard to make money Money is is neutral money  emotional right if you piece of money is no emotions it goes To ever does something to get it like and it's very simple. It's literally the something you want to get rich It's literally the simple Find out what people want and then fucking get it for It's literally that simple. So if you're example this course you bought this course Why because you wanted information that I have that Andrew has that you don't have so we supply the information that you pay It's literally an exchange People over complicate this shit like why I need to I need to invent the next fucking face for the next Google Fuck all that unless you're genius and you literally are coder and developer and came up with a brilliant fucking idea Fuck all the complicated shit Fuck all the light becoming the next the next the next fuck that literally look at what works Right so you're like woman queen. I know you sell a lot of courses You make a shit down a money from selling courses. I could create a course. I could sell it online I could be traveling the world while making money  Duplicate it. Duplicate what someone else is doing. Literally duplicate it. So, in the next video I'll talk a little more about this. How to get rich. And that's why you bought this course. You're sitting here thinking, I want to be rich. How do I do it? I'm going to tell you exactly how you get rich. You may not like what I'm going to say to you, but it's the fucking truth. There is no easy way to get rich. And I'll tell you why. The nature of money, this is once again something else I understood, understood at a very young age. The difference between you and me is very little. It's that I had a head start on it. Well, you were 18, I can like a dumbass. I was 18 getting shit done. So, I've had a head start. So, from 18 to 28, I am asked money is. But it's not too late for anybody. Listen, the nature of how to get rich is because the nature is very difficult. It's the nature of money. Money is not something you can earn or make. People talk about making money, earning money. Money is something you must convince out of the hands of somebody else. Money belongs to someone else.  You have to convince them to give it to you. That's why making money is difficult because of money or something You could make it wouldn't be difficult Money or something you could earn but still wouldn't be that difficult You really have to convince other people to give you the money and that's the hard part Because when you understand that understand that reality then you have to sit there and decide okay I have convinced this person to give me money. How do I get as much money from that person as possible? That's what you need to focus on. How do you make yourself so high value that they'll pay enough for your service? Regardless of what your service is or who you are as a person because there's a beautiful woman out there who gives Okay, this search is a blow job. Even then there's beautiful women out there who give nothing and still required and still get given money by guys Because they're high value because they have something they have beauty. They have something the man wants You have to discover what is it that I have and the people are gonna want That's the question and secondly, how can I give them to give me a lot of money? That's the basis of it. So let's go into it  How do you get rich as far as you understand? In fact, you get pen and butter paper and you write this down. I'm going to struggle to get rich. You are absolutely going to struggle. It's going to be very, very difficult. I did all my podcasts of CMQ. I told a story about when I was really at my breakfast, how I ate some meal every day for about nine months. I called it flavor because I had no flavor. It was basically rice, ice to my 10 to the level, 20 to the amount of rice for about 20 hours. It was rice, it was kidney beans because I read the back of the cans. They had the most protein for the acudic cancer kidney beans. It's like nine, eight, 10, 10, 10 cents. They had more protein than meat. I divided it all up for the value for the money spent. I got the most possible protein for kidney beans. I do even meat. Because I'm anti-vegetarian, I don't like the idea of vegetarianism. I think it's a disconnect for reality. If you use those, you eat meat, you always will. To start pretending that's bad or wrong, this is something that's a little bit more dangerous on it.  anti-pigitarian about the cheapest possible meat because I refuse to eat meat without meat. But really my protein was coming from kidney beans, so I had rice, kidney beans, cheapest possible frozen meat, and then just for greens, I had the cheapest macabarose frozen peas. And I ate that every single day, three meals a day for nine months because it allowed me to feed myself for a month on about 90 or 100 dollars for me. Me and my brother, two-footed woman, in corn mattress, eating four or five thousand calories a day, which is a priceless flavor. I said this on the CNQ cup pockets. And this is when, back then, the reason I have so little money is because I was spending all of my money trying different businesses because you are going to struggle to get rich and you're going to fail over and over again. All of these people say, try Lopez, Grant Cardone, they all say the same thing, you have to be ready for failure, you're a bumble-bomb, but yeah, I get it. No, you don't get it. You have to be ready to fuck up because you're going to fuck up because there's no magical formula. You try your first-ever business and you make money with your first-ever business. You're probably going to fuck that-  I said, I'm anyway, because you don't have any experience with losing them. You need to fail to succeed. I don't know what's fucking cringe. I hate to say the same shit everyone else says, but it's absolutely true. What I'm gonna do in this part of the video is I'm gonna put in a clip. Something I recorded and I hate for tape series telling you a story of one of my failed bits times. So you can listen to that as well and you can enjoy it. Listen to me fat back because I fucked up many times before I discovered a few things that started to work. Whenever I'm in Slovakia or Hungary, I treat these because for the first time I came to Slovakia, I had one at a petrol station and they're like a drink with chunks of aloe vera. This was a bit about 9-10 years ago. And now I've seen these a few times in corner shops and stuff. Back then, nowhere in England had drinks of aloe vera. So I was only like 21-22 and obviously I was in Probe to joke, I want to get rich. So I thought, fuck it, I'm gonna import these drinks. And I'm gonna sell them in England, I'm gonna sell supplier and I'm gonna get rich. So I found a contact hungry. You could put...  to me for like I don't know how much they were 38 pay or something I want to sell it for about pound so then I started contacting all the super stores I was watching dragons instead of a game distribution I thought this is hard so I emailed Morrison's email playthroughs I started emailing him every day saying I had some revolutionary new health drink that was uh guaranteed with all these bullshit results and I promised him 100% markup on it so I told him they buy it for 50p so I make 12p per wall and it's selling for a pound 100% markup made that look as a real company I'm 22 right away I told you eventually I get email back from Tesco saying uh everyone ignores you because everyone's trying to get their stuff into the store so they're completing or you got email back from Tesco saying I'm away from my as you know I'm now left with business and my replacement is Mr. Chris Chris something is coming into replace me so wait a couple days I emailed Chris and said hi Chris we need to speak urgently you're free to sessor and I were one step away from achieving distribution  Pretending I've spoken to the previous guy who left who never responded to me ever Then Chris emails me like oh, okay, you ever come down there. So it was in Chesson, Hartfordshire Tesco head office And I saw the normal drop back then so I raised a meeting like 5.30 finished to work an hour early Walk into Tesco and fucking that office at my mal and soon With four or five bottles of this shit. Oh, which I brought a backpack Is that down there that test all give my pitch my health benefits? So 100% bonus and all those ball looks He gave me a piece of paper Said how Tesco accept distribution saying like I need to come X amount of Volvos per crate X amount of crates per container like just all this expensive distribution shit So anyway, he said he get back to me Why fucking leave there excited as fuck call up my guy hungry? So I need it in this many Volvos per crate this many crates per container I need to be able to deliver this many containers per fucking week So Tesco stores London all this well  like stuff that I'm not my man hungry goes okay I can make this happen that it is because this much so I'm white and Chris emails me and says we need to talk about your drink are you free to come in again I was like yeah of course anyway the meantime guy hungry says it's gonna take me six months to turn around preparing your distribution I said oh no we can't be six months no no just go on it now just go on it now we go as well I need some money to begin doing this it's gonna cost some money so you need to pay me some money you want like two grand I had no money I like I had my month's wages about sixteen under quid came the next day so I mean we're borrowing five hundred pound and my month's wages sending it to hungry two grand the day before my mean my big meeting with Tesco's and this guy could begin fucking pissing out of the Frank's they're my last hundred pounds last month now I'm fighting with them as well filling up with petrol put on my my land suit walking in there sitting down with this Chris guy who was fat as fuck but then I want of course he was a charge of choosing to food fat cut and he's literally  The meeting lasted 30 seconds, he said, I'm sorry that I predecessor gave you the impression we were going to stock your product. Personally, I find it repulsed. And that was it. That was the end of my out of era dream. He never emailed me back again. None of the other superstars ever emailed me. I told I kept emailing. We got different flavors. Wasn't interested. Completely blanked me. Everyone blanks me. A Gary guy took random took two grand of my money. And I was more poor than ever. So now when I drive through the continent, my Lambo, I enjoy an out of era dream. Personally, I find it repulsed. I remember sitting there thinking my head that was unnecessarily pretused, unnecessarily rude to me. Because he thought he was important. I'm the fat dude who chooses Tesco's food. Come. But he ain't got a fucking Lambo. I might, you know, I might throw scroll through my email and fucking find it somewhere in the depths. Instead of a picture of me outside my Lambo, you're going to all of your dreams. So we're going to be blind. Surrounding my Lambo, you're going to be pretty ho.