 Yeah, Gunny Shopeeow, Mr. Special Show. We got Andrew Takenhouse. Number one, usually good to meet you, sir. Good to meet you, bro. Good to meet you. Yeah, so what I have to white side of my family, I make fun of them all the time, because they're all skinny little dorks. The white side of my family make fun of the black side of my family, because they're all in jail. Well, the stereotypes don't come out of nowhere. I'm here in the middle. I'm not in jail yet. Right, right. But they're trying to get me, so we'll have to see what all works out. They can make the innocent look guilty and look innocent. When I see you and your brother in handcuffs, I was like, fuck you, the guilty. Yeah, funny, that's strange how it works. Right, right. You can get out of that soup and find all the fucking agencies who have attacked me. Uh-huh. And no one puts me in jail. I'm one of the most innocent men on the planet. Why don't we get hunter Biden, put him through what I've been through. Right. Why don't we get fucking Epstein or any of these senators, any of the congressmen, any of them? Put the A.G. on them. You'll get any of them. But they're coming after me, nonstop. Can't seem to lock me up. And people in our home go, and, ah, he must be a criminal. Wait the fuck up. But these people hate me. They don't want the truth. They just hate me. He's been in Florida six days for the fuck's he done.  and fucking sleep. I took a piss. I took a piss, A.G. You wanna fucking put that down? I haven't done anything. You're saying, all the abuse of women. I'm sitting here, Gullin. Who the fuck are we even talking about? Because I don't know who we're talking about. They keep saying the abuse of women. I keep going to court every single woman's on my side. The abuse of who? Who have I abused? Bro. How do you think we got here? I mean, what do you think was the point in history that got us to this point where they're going after you and your brother? The only reason I even came to America is because Trump won. I thought America was back. I was like, oh, America's back. Trump's in charge. It's back. Now all this dumb shit's over. Turns out it's not. Yeah. Got any show fjord. And it's a special show. We got Andrew Tate in the house. Number one fugitive. Number one fugitive. Good to meet you, sir. Good to meet you, bro. Good to meet you. You know what, before we even start, you look like my daddy's side in the family. Yeah? Is that how they do good? Half-breed motherfuckers. The slick ones, huh? Yeah. The good looking ones. The good looking, ice cream guy.  So how does it work? Your dad's out of the family are mixed race. My dad is like, well, he's black, but he looks like if Elvis got a fucking tan, you know, go to okay. He's really like skin blue eyes. And his wife was black. And my mom was like brown skinned. She was yeah, a little bit more black, but. All right. So you have a more confusing. I've just got white and black. Yeah. Yeah. But my dad's dad is black and my dad's mother was half black. So I guess he's three quarters black and my mother's white. So I think I'm somewhere around the third, right? Which is enough. Yeah. It's enough. Yeah. You're like, I'm way too much. Well, it depends on the situation. Right. It's on the scenario. Yeah. But like, I guess, I mean, I'm on time like a white guy, you know, like I can turn up. I can be white in court, your honor. Right. But then sometimes you just black at home. Like, even bitch, you're clean that. Yeah. I've got a, what's interesting about having such a large dichotomy between my families is I've got a basically completely white family and a completely black family. Okay. Which is hilarious.  Yeah, because I get to make fun of both of them. Yeah, no shit. Yeah. So your white side of heaven is where Irish yeah, like Irish English. Yeah. Um, I great great grandfather was Irish. He had a yeah, you got a black chicanter white family and a black family. Real G. Yeah, real G. Total. Yeah. And you take stuff right now. Well, I mean, all of this is going out the window now and it's seen as super controversial. Like the world so fucked up. If you're a full grown man and you say, look, I have two families where I slept with more than one girl this year. The fucking world is a mental breakdown. Like how gay can you be? Like, right. It is super gay. It's not as gazing as it gets. Like, Andrew Tates terrible. Do you have you? Did you hear he has sex with women? Yeah. Like, sorry. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. But um, yeah. So what I have to white side of my family, I make fun of them all the time because they're all skinny little dorks. Right. And then the white side of my family make fun of the black side of my family because they're all in jail. So I'm kind of like, well, the stereotypes don't come on. No, I'm here in the middle. I'm not in jail yet. Right. Right. Right. But I did look.  a little bit, you know, they're trying to get me. So we'll have to see how it all works out. Yeah, speaking of that, when you arrived before you and your brother, I seen the governor of Florida bring up that you're not welcome. And then I see a senator, is he a senator? A congressman, a congressman, a Donald Donald. He said, you're not welcome. And they're gonna investigate you and stick their turn general on you. Yeah. Well, what do you think about that? You know, it should be scary, I guess. I guess I'm supposed to be like, oh shit, the A.G. and the governor and everyone's after me, but maybe I'm foolish even after all the mess I've been through, I still kind of believe in the law, but in America. Like I've just played the Romanian game. I played the Romanian legal system. I bust my case under Joe Biden in a Romanian court. I'm gonna repeat that. I want people to understand how impossible that is. Because I beat my case in a Romanian court under Biden. They're saying all this shit with Trump blah, blah. On the bike. I can't say that. Trump didn't help me. Wasn't in power when I bust my case. Right.  And then eventually they reduced the bail restrictions after three years. I don't know why you wouldn't surprise three years I was trapped there after three years they say okay, you can have a passport you can travel I decide to go home and the Floridian governor and the AG decide to instantly attack me and I sit there and I go I've been in Florida seven days in my entire life. So I don't know what fucking case I don't know what they're gonna do. What's his diction to the air? Well, I haven't got a clue So I guess they're just gonna start running all over the world sending letters to everyone right But it's kind of incredible. I don't know if the people who hate me are stupid or if they just want to hate me and not use their brain Right, but when a famous person is attacked with these kind of accusations loads of victims come forward name anyone hundreds of victims New law suit victim's victims. I'm three and a half years in with the most media spin of any case ever With a single girl coming for every girl they get hold of is like now. He's nice. I like him. I like Andrew I defended you baby. Can I see you? No one's against me. It's a government who's against me. It's a government who's against me  me and my women were on one side. Right. It's completely incredible. And I guess it's heartbreaking. It's kind of sad to know that even Florida, which I considered to be a red state, I thought it was a public state. It's a great fight to raise. They just totally turned on me. Candace said it was because I defended Palestine. I'm not sure exactly what it was, but all I can do is welcome it. Yeah. It's kind of like, you know, you watch those movies like Scarface and Casino and good fellows and stuff. And you're just trying to, you're just this guy and you're going here and there. The DA is chasing you all the time, trying to chase you down, putting in jail. It's kind of what it feels like. Like I go somewhere. I'm having a good time. I'm in a nice restaurant. We're having a great time when a hotel suite. There's some DA in an office trying to get me in jail. It's like fucking, I mean, Scarface ends well, right? He disappears into the retirement into the sunset. He just leaves with his family and has a happy time. I think that's how it ends. It's going to be fun, guys. Scarface ends with him retiring with all his children and everything's a happy ending. Yeah. I don't know if you expect a Democrat to say these things, but not a Republican, especially.  Byron Donaldson he's a convicted felon What was he convicted of? Typical black shit. He's like shit fraudus and shit. Fucking I should have been at the airport. My name should have been best fucking friends. I haven't been convicted of anything ever. Right. You know what's amazing to me. What's truly amazing to me is to false dichotomy and the mental breakdown. When people say, oh, he only bust his case in Romania because Romania's corrupt. Well then that means that meresting me was corrupt either it's all corrupt or not of it's corrupt. If it's not corrupt, I'm innocent because I bust case. If it's corrupt, I shouldn't have fucking had a case. The whole thing's incredible. Byron's a convicted felon. Someone tweet that at him. Pro, I've never I have no criminal record. I have zero criminal record anywhere on the planet ever. And they talk about me like I'm the fucking boogie man. It's I don't know if it's flattering. Yeah, I like I said at the beginning I'm supposed I guess I should be intimidated I should be scared.  My mom called me and she's like, the A.G. is after you, the governor's after you, then I'm like, fuck them, man. I'm like, come then. Come then. I don't think I've done anything. I don't think I've done anything. So I don't know what they're gonna do. Yeah, I think the media is so powerful, they can make their innocent look guilty and guilty look innocent. And when I see you and your brother in handcuffs, I was like, fuck you look guilty. Yeah. Funny that. Strange how it works. Right, right. No, but it's actually a simple tactic for everyone at home who doesn't understand exactly how it works. Firstly, the media, they soften you to all ideas. The media don't report ideas. And yeah, the media lies to you, but what they actually try and do is set up an idea. So they do this all the time. I talked about this on PBD with Diddy. When the Diddy video of him come out, beat and Cassie. Right. The first thing I said to Tristan was, that was that video's 10 years old. That's been sitting in an archive for 10 long years. The matrix has had that for 10 years. They've released that now to alter public perception because they're gonna arrest, I said that to Tristan, two ex-layers and cuffs. They do that. They start beating.  and stuff the wrong, you break. I don't know who I know, I'm his someone off. But the media was constantly slandering us so heavily before the arrest, I said to Tristan, they're just setting the public up to put us in handcuffs. That's what they do, they set things up. So now when you watch the media, you can almost predict the future about what they're trying to say about somebody. They did it with COVID, they do it with everything. And you're right, they can make you look extremely guilty. Of course they can, that's their whole job. The job, what they're trying to do is put such a terrible stigma to your name that nobody listens to your ideas, they only discuss the stigma. So when someone say Andrew Tate now, they don't say Andrew Tate, he talks about this, this, this, and this, they say Andrew Tate, he's accused of. That's their goal to distract, to deflect, conflate. But I like to think it's kind of backfired in their case. I mean, I've had no negative interactions on the street, everybody knows who I am. I like to think it's backfired, but I guess we're gonna see, but now we have the AG trying again. Their problem is, if they don't, I'm sure they're gonna try and pull something out their ass. I'm sure they're gonna probably try and arrest me all over again. I'm built difference on, I'll give a fuck. I like to think that when they put me in handcuffs that's like dragging me around, there's enough people to brain.  to go bro he's been a Florida six days what the fuck he done pvd podcast and fucking sleep i took a piss i took a piss a g you want to fucking put that down what if i haven't done anything right i don't know what they're gonna do but unless they get me it's just backfiring now because they've tried so hard i would argue that i'm one of the most innocent men on the fucking planet you put any other man through the shit i've been through through the different federal agencies you're like wrong bro it's like a fucking you can get out for that soup and find all the fucking agencies who have attacked me uh-huh and no one puts me in jail uh-huh i'm one of the most innocent men on the planet why don't we get hunter Biden put him through what i've been through right why don't we get fucking Epstein or any of these senators any of the congressman any of them put the a g on them you'll get any of them on anything racketeering influencing lying corruption money laundering all of it but they're coming after me nonstop can't seem to lock me up and people in our home going obbid she must be a criminal wait the fuck up but these people these people hate me they don't they don't want the truth they just hate me so when they they don't want to be logical about it all so it was kind of disappointing to see that was my response  In fact, it was very disappointing but... It's shocking to me. It is shocking, but you know... Like I see if he was going to California or something on New York. Yeah, of course. Of course. But... Yeah, play it, play it. Oh, the convicted fellow, right? Let's see what the convicted fellow has. But I like to dictate in his brother, so did I, because in Romania, where they just came to Florida from, there were charges of rape, sex with minor and human trafficking. Do you support the Attorney General's actions here? I do. I think those allegations have to be fully investigated. They were fully investigated. In Romania. And they let me go. We don't tolerate the trafficking of women. Or, frankly, the abuse of women. We do not tolerate that. What's the abuse of women? Who? Finds who? Under Florida law to investigate that. Then I wish him the best. And I support whatever he's going to do on that matter. Are Andrew and Tristan Tate welcome in Florida? No. But, quite frankly, not. Because the violence is something that the dialogue is trying to be demeaning and disgusting. Guys, it's not about me. It's so amazing to me. The abuse of women. Hey, I'm sitting in this.  in our area and they're saying, although abuse of women, I'm sitting here going, who the fuck are we even talking about? Because I don't know who we're talking about. They keep saying the abuse of women, I keep going to court every single woman's on my side, the abuse of who, who have I abused? You know, when they say the abuse of women in our indictment, my brother and I's indictment in Romania, they said human traffic, the mothers of our children. They're saying that the mothers of our own children who we have kids with, that we love our boy method, so by being nice and financial incentives. So wait, wait, being nice to the mother of my baby and giving her money, a fuck it. So I finally do the white thing. I finally take care of my kids. And they're fucking call me a human trafficker. No one of the brothers out here will fuck out, catch a case. It's incredible. I need people to walk around talking about the abuse of women, the abuse of who, name a woman. Because I fucking can't. They just say bullshit, they just splout garbage. He really disappointed me. Lobelose, it against them. That's slender. I'd like to think so.  free speech in America. I don't know how it works. I'll have to talk to my lawyers and see, but yeah, I kind of feel this all going to fade to nothing and then they made a huge mistake, because unless they get me, I can just bring this up for the rest of the human time. Well, the Florida investigate me and Florida found nothing. So the Remanians failed, the British failed, the Floridians failed. Like how many fucking people are going to allow? I guess for the rest of my life, this is going to be my life. So I have to live as clean as possible, which is what I do. I don't do anything fucking wrong. I'm Mr. Squeaky Clean. I close the toilet seat, sir. Because they're after me. So I don't know what's going to happen. I mean, Ron, I kind of expected it because I don't trust short motherfuckers. So yeah, because short people are sneaky. I think bottom line's kind of short too. Oh, is he? Yeah. See, this is this is a life lesson. Yeah, because like tall people like we confront because we're big and we can fight. All right. Small people are like sneaky. You know, they have to be. Yeah. It's their tactic. Loan for quite. It's their tactic. It's like get around the back and like get a little knife. Like that. Yeah. Right. So he's got his booster shoes on. Talk.  and shit. Yeah. Bro, how do you think we got here? I mean, what do you think was the point in history that got us to this point where they're going after you and your brother? Yeah. It's it's kind of disappointing because the only reason I even came to America, I could have gone anywhere. The only reason I even came to America is because Trump won. I thought America was back. I was like, Oh, America's back. Trump's in charge. It's back now. All this dumb shit's over. Turns out it's not. It's it's kind of incredible. I mean, the liberals have a very potent tactic, which they understand if they attack any conservative with garbage with the media, they understand the conservatives will self cannibalize. They understand that very well. And it works. Yeah. I love Trump's response when he asked him the question. Of course. I don't know. Yeah. Which is the most gangster response I talk to the police. Yeah. Take his strong person. Don't know. Yeah. Of course it does. Yeah. But but also truthfully he didn't know like he doesn't know the NBA read my Romanian indictment. Neither as to convective felon. Well, the short motherfucker or the AG and the AG wants to read it off the Romanian. He can. But it doesn't make a difference because the Romanian judges already said, no, fuck this is trash. Yeah. A Romanian judge has said that. So I don't know what they.  intend to do, it is scary. If we get serious about it, it's actually truly heartbreaking and very scary that American citizen can return home after being unfairly imprisoned under a questionable judicial system. Let's not sit here pretending any of us trust the fucking Romanians. We all know, like we've seen the kind of bullshit cases you get in America. Imagine Romania. And that's the welcome I get. Yeah. So it sounds like they were ignorant to that you're American citizen. It's something like they want to bar you from coming into the country. Yeah. I don't know if they didn't know what they were doing. I don't know if they're just talking out their ass. I don't know if they could they thought they could score cheap political points. That's what I think it is political point. Maybe it's something you said politically. Maybe maybe a who what you know, what are the choices I had? What if I said that would have pissed them off? Interesting. But yeah, something to do with God's chosen people. Yeah, it's it's it's it's it's kind of funny because all those conspiracy theories. They get proved right time and time again in certain ways when things like this happen. So yeah, it is it is kind of scary. It's very heartbreaking. But you just  have to go through the process, right? So I welcome, I'm happy to talk to them. I'm waiting for their phone call or I'm waiting for their arrest and their perp walk. I just like to think that there's enough people with a brain now who if they see me get perp walk to say, wait, let's see what fucking case they even have. Because I'm in the position where they'll do anything they can just to perp walk me. They don't need a fucking case. They're just like, let's just put them in handcuffs. Let's call CNN. Let's put it on the fucking news. Let's destroy his name. Let's drag him through the mud. Let's make him pay legal fees. And the end, it comes to nothing. That's all they've been doing to me for long, long, long years. So Romania dropped to charges, right? So the way it works is, and the Romanian judicial system is, uh, even I don't completely understand it after three years with it. But basically what happened was I got arrested in May of 2022 or something. They let me go after a day. And they say, this is bullshit. There's no case here. It's okay. And then the UK foreign office, which I know this to be a fact, sent a bunch of letters to the Romanian saying, we want this guy off the internet. We think he's a problem. He's a big problem in our schools.  He's misogynistic and you can look this up inside of UK schools. They've spent a bunch of money trying to get rid of me because all the kids are walking around calling their teachers brokeies. That's not funny. That's what you call influence. They were saying the teacher. The poor man. What color is your brigade to the teacher? So the teachers all got butt hurt because they're fucking women. Right. They can't take a joke. Yeah. You know, so I'm the most dangerous man in the world. Not the drugs, not the conscious stabbing, not the unchecked immigration. Right. None of that. Now I'm the problem, right? And then they talk about all those violence against women going up because of Andrew Tate. Oh, not because you have a fucking open border where 10,000 illegals turn up a day. No, that's nothing to do with it. It's because me. I made a joke about a Bugatti. So they spent millions and millions of dollars trying to get me out of the schools, writing endless letters to Romania saying, this motherfucker's on, on, on podcasts in Romania. Can you make him go away? So my case, I was arrested in like May or something. The case laid completely dormant until the UK foreign office letters start coming in. Then they picked up the case again. And they started to just come up with any trash they could. I was in Dubai for three or four months.  And then I went to London, nothing happened to London, I went check her public, nothing happened there. I went back to Romania to pack my bag for one day and they picked me up and arrest me. That's when I first went to jail. And I got charged with all this insanity, complete crazy case. It was interesting because the first two weeks I was in jail, I didn't even know what I was charged with. Because it was all in Romanian. And they're like, all we need to translate her but it's Christmas. So, so yeah, happy, fucking, Mary, fucking Christmas. So I'm sitting in Romanian jail. I'm just saying you were in jail for Christmas. That was a Christmas and New Year. I'm sitting in jail. I didn't even know what I was in there for. And a Romanian jail. It's not like these jails. You know, it's as bad as it gets. So I'm sitting in there and then eventually I get out after four months and I was on nine months on house arrest. And then they let me free within Romania. And then our case, we started to win. And inside of we were going to all these different court trials and it turns out all the evidence against us was illegal. They illegally wire tapped us. They lied in the translations. Like, bro, they literally lied in translations. I'd say to Tristan, kick him out and they changed it to kick him and charge us for violence, for inciting violence.  They just fucking lied. They just lied. So the whole thing was a setup and we start winning in court. When we start winning in court, then the Brits tried. Because I don't know if you know my whole thing. I got arrested again for 24 hours. And the Brits tried to extradite us. And I was like, okay, what we get extradited for. That I can 2009, you attacked a woman. It's like, what do you mean attacked? Don't know. It says violence. It's the remaining guy. It says violence against woman in 2009. I'm like, what? 2009? Yeah. I was like, what woman? Doesn't say. Where? Doesn't say. When? Doesn't say. It says, uh, uh, uh, attack against a woman in 2009. Extradite. So I guess they've gone through my whole past and found some bitch from 2009. And what's a payday? Yeah. And they come hit me with this extra edition warrant with no details. I don't know who this person is. I don't know where it happened. I don't know the date. How do I decide myself? Do you know? Do you have a statement? I was like, we give a statement. You give a statement. You tell me in 2009, fucking, even if you told me the date, I wouldn't know where the fuck I was. I don't know when this was, where this was, who this is. What can I say? This is bullshit.  The Romanian judge said this is garbage, we're not gonna extradite him. We're gonna keep him in Romania to finish his Romanian cases, and when they finish, then we'll consider extraditing him to the UK. That's was that shit. Then, the Romanian hit me with a second case. So once I started winning, it escalated. They hit me with a second case, I got arrested again. And it was the first case reordered. The first case in a different order. Literally, same people, same event, same time, same everything. But instead of Andrew and Tristan did this, it was Tristan and Andrew did this. Fucking garbage. Arrested us again, back in jail again. Judge let up me out. Tristan was free. I was on house arrest. I did another nine months on house arrest. And then, our first, after all this, we're now two and a half years in. Then our first case got to something called the preliminary chamber. So basically, a judge decides if there's enough evidence to go to trial. So after two and a half years, we hadn't, we didn't even know we're gonna have a trial. After one and a half years locked in my house, four months in jail, complete.  reputation slander, all my cars taken, all my money taken, everything taken off me, then they finally get to preliminary chamber. The judge looks at and goes, yeah, this is this is bullshit. And set it back to the prosecutor. After all that shit, the case was dismissed. She goes, there's too many irregularities in the evidence. Basically, this is fake, this is made up. They sent it back. This was in December. And traditionally, when this happens in Romania, you get all your assets back and your bail's removed. Traditionally, right? Okay, well, the case got sent back. So the case is effectively over. The prosecutor can try again by law if he wants to. He can try again. But you get all your assets back and the bail's removed. In my condition, they kept all my cars, kept all my stuff and kept the bail. So how much was that value there? 18, 19 million? Wow. Of cars, gold, watches, cash, everything that you get their hands on. I mean, that's nearly fucking 5% of my money. I was pissed. Only fubs. Rest of this in the stock market. Go to the motherfuckers. We got him. How did he keep paying for lawyers?  No, but so so they then they kept the bail on and they kept all my assets and Then it comes down to two months later in February they finally say okay We're gonna give him his passport and let him travel but he has to report to Romania once a month So even though the case has been thrown back to the prosecutor now the prosecutor gets a year or two I think to try again you talk about a judicial system Imagine imagine a Romania of a prosecutor sends a case to court They say it's all fake. It's all made up this can't go to trial and they give it back to him and say we'll keep him on bail Try again. Here's years of his life try again. Right fucking incredible. Yeah, the given my passport. I get it I fly to Miami for spring break. I got a fucking case here Can I catch a break? Can I catch a break? Yeah, but it's incredible how these people hate me so much They are so desperate to get me and the way they cry and complain about me Just is actually in many ways so fantastic from our reputation because they make me sound like the fucking boogie man Yeah, they made me sound scared. I'm one man  They made me sound like I'm fucking a demon who can like, wing can make a bitch come. But I'm just a guy with sunglasses on. You're having a fucking mental breakdown about me. Not the drug cartels, not USAID, not people dying in the Ukrainian wars. None of that shit, no, Andrew Tate. It's fucking incredible. I don't think you like Epstein. Bro, well, no, the drug treat me as good as him because he gets away with it. He gets to do whatever fucking walks. Do you realize how popular you are? I don't know. How much influence you have? Every comedy show we go, hey, man, do you all know what this guy is, Andrew Tate? I said, no, I never heard of. Every comedy show. I was like, who the fuck is Andrew Tate? So I do, y'all say, oh, wow. I see why this dude is so popular. Yeah. Very appealing. Resonates a lot of people. But I think you don't really get the influence you have on people, especially when the bridge government can't map to you for, because you say one thing and it goes viral, grows across the entire globe. I think you're, I think what this girl, you're empowering men, yeah. Cause men are becoming a...  Feminizing week and that's that benefits to left. What are you in a miracle in Europe? Oh, of course I'm I'm teaching men to think for themselves and I've now become unfortunately Unfortunately, you could argue but I'm a symbol of bravery now Yeah, so they they have to chop my head off right yeah, like let's be honest like I would be perfectly honest with you Gentlemen, I've thought about this long and hard. I had about a year and a half in my house to think about this Mm-hmm if they let me walk Mm-hmm. I'm a problem Imagine imagine at the end of all this shit they say takes it is him. Yeah, right? All we did to him was wrong. We owe him fuck loads of money It was all made up. It was all a lie. You won't talk about influence. That's fucking influence But that's not a comforting feeling that actually makes me sit here and think they're not gonna let me walk Like you think they won't fucking make it up Like at certain levels of law fair at certain levels of the legal system It's simply just a clown show. We saw it with Trump in New York. Right. At certain levels. It's nothing to do with law It's about we need to achieve an objective against this person. So just fucking make it fit. Mm-hmm  I'm sitting there thinking, do I stand a chance of a fair trial? Well, when I bust my case in Romania, when I walked out the courtroom and we'd won, I was like, what the fuck? I mean, obviously I knew I was innocent, obviously I knew it was made up, but I was like, they did all this and then let me win. It seems illogical to me for them to go through all this mess to then let me walk. Now that's logical if law is real, but I don't believe law is real. I believe at a certain level it's a target and hit job and they just fucking make it up. That's what I truly believe. And then you have to analyze it from a socio-economic perspective. If the matrix believes I'm such a threat to them and they believe that they're gonna have more control over the entire world's population if I'm gone, I'm just one man, sometimes to palm dies for the chess game. Like so, I don't know what chance I stand truthfully, which is why I laugh and joke about it because I have to just come to the realization this is a fucking hit job, this is set up. I'm gonna do my very best, but it is what it is now. At this point, it really truly is what it is. It's like the ignorance of my mother who I love with all my heart, she's like, well, you've got good lawyers, I'm like lawyers have nothing.  to do with it. Sound like a woman will say something. Yeah, like, oh, I just need a lawyer to beat the matrix. Oh, okay. My lawyer will tell him I didn't do it. Like, it's not to do with lawyers. It's not to do a law. It's all just fucking made up. So it's kind of a scary position to be in, but all you can do is laugh and put up memes and make fun of them and piss them off. I guess, I know my enemies gonna have no mercy on me, so I have no mercy on them. I'm not gonna sit here and try and pretend these people are gonna ever be logical. They're gonna do their very best to destroy me knowing I've done nothing. So I'm just gonna make fun of them the whole fucking way. And if I do bust all these cases, then I got worried about getting shot. So it's like, you know, maybe I don't know what to do, but I will say I'll go. I think a lot of people don't realize how corrupt governments are around the world, even the US. Yeah, of course. I mean, what you did to MLK, JFK, I mean, even after COVID, even after Trump, they still don't get it. Like, what's a government's end objective? A government's end objective is control of the population. And we all know what it's...  like as this is human nature, when you start to make money, you want more money, when you start to get control, you want more control. This is how things work. A government wakes up every day and says, how can we control these motherfuckers even more? They'll push as much as we'll accept. The only thing that stops them having absolute control is we'll revolt. But they're constantly testing that line. What can we get away with? What can we get away with? Conceently all of the time. I'm a problem because I inspire people to fight back. And I've now been shown as a symbol of resistance. I'm the only person in history and Romanian history. A big guy in Romania said this to me. A guy who'd been to jail a whole bunch. And he was killed. And he was killed. He was killed. He was said murder drug trafficking, everything. He said, you're the only guy in history of Romania who's ever spoken against the system and walked. Everyone shuts up when the system comes to them because they know it's corrupt. You're fucked. So you say, I respect the judge, I respect the system. I look forward to the process. You're the only motherfucker who say, this is bullshit. Blah blah blah. He goes, you're the only person to ever do that. Ever. And now you've beaten it. You continue to do that here and everywhere else. They're going to have a really big problem because it inspires resistance and inspires bravery.  Bravery and masculinity is what they fear because they want to enslave us. They want to make us slaves And it's a man who are not prepared to be slaves that are in the way. It's not the women that are in the way Women are happy women love being slaves. They don't give a fuck. Yeah, they don't give a shit Give me Instagram likes give me a berk and obviously I don't get I'll go to fucking Dubai. I live in a fucking compound. I'll get pissed on give me a berk and I don't I was like great women Don't care right? Yeah women don't give a shit women don't give a shit and feminine men are basically chicks So you have a few small subsect of men left who are like no, right? I'm all I don't want a berk and I want freedom Yeah, and we're in the way of it all so because I'm the symbol of that They just want to they just want to get rid of me by by hooker by crook and I am so disappointed that Florida did this I am really genuinely I wasn't scared. I'm not scared of them. I'm intimidated by them There's not a drop of fear inside of me. It's just genuine disappointment I'm just like what the fuck? I expected a hero's welcome to be honest with you. I really truly did. Yeah, but You learn something new every day, huh? So I guess when that jet landed I know why I find the jet when the jet  landed and there's fucking media everywhere and has been trapped. That's crazy. Yeah, it's just like, there you go. What is it? Welcome home. Hi guys. We're investigating my guy, your mother, mother fuckers. I was like, yeah, I just landed. I'm tired. Yeah. Can I nap? Can I nap, Ron? I don't think people really realized how it is to stand in your shoes what you're going through. Yeah. Cause that's crazy. I'm not a romantic. You get to float or we're investigating. Yeah, my God. You know, it's, it's, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, I've said this before on lots of different podcasts. I've said that your success in life is directly correlated to the amount of stress you can deal with. And this is true. It's kind of like air resistance. And when you look at cars, you look at jets or any of these things, how fast they can go is directly correlated to how much air is going to be pushing against them. Now, right, how successful you get, Trump's a perfect example, Elon's an example. Now, right, how successful you get the more successful you become, the more the opposite force is going to push against you and most people get to a certain level and go, okay, that opposite force is too much. But I just kept going and going and going and going and going and now I'm up here.  terminal fucking velocity and the enemy forces coming out. Bro, yeah, Mac 5, exactly. So yeah, you're successful, but sure, it's very stressful. I think a lot of people, why you resonate with so many people because you're really honest and you look at things like with a clear mind like I saw this one video where you was comparing a transgender, which is a man, right? But you can't tell it's a man. Oh, it's a female. Yeah. I'm not a woman, but she like, ho, ho, you say it. If you fuck ho, ho, you're gay. Yeah. Which makes sense because you're getting up for a doom. Of course. Yeah. I like to, I say things that make people think, you know, and then what I do, I say things that make people think. And then there's certain people who can't think so they got to sit by it. And then there's also, I say things which are clipped out of context. And people take those clips and put them over the internet so people only see that and they remit, they remove all the context from it. I look more at it is. Yeah.  The most recent thing I said, most recent thing I said, and I'm not saying anything I say is wrong. It's not wrong, it's right. But it doesn't like the way I say it or make people think. I said something, I was arguing with someone on Twitter. Have you seen my tweet that women are sex workers? Have you seen that one? Oh, no, I have to see that one. Oh, so basically. We're cooking half-button. I'm laughing. Let me laugh at myself for a second. What do they put me in jail? Don't arrest me. I said, Eric, I'm not. Which is true, because a lot of women have a financial incentive when they even date a man. Oh, yeah. Oh. So I said women are sex workers. I said women, they try and find one customer, called a boyfriend or a husband, who in return for sex pays for their whole life. If they can't find one customer, they find a bunch of customers on only fans. And if they're not hot enough to have any customers, they're miserable and they have a job. They're sex workers. All women at some degree are sex workers. But then I put that up. My girlfriend goes, yeah, I'm not a sex worker. I was like, let's stop having sex. See how much money you get. She goes, well, so, well, yeah, I guess. Now you're money.  So you're a sex worker, we're a sex workers. And I was saying that, and then I also said that men are judged on our competence. We're only judged and we're only cared about for what we can do. Nobody gives a shit about our feelings, nobody gives a shit about, there's none of this all poor him, no one gets a fuck. If you're not useful to somebody or something, you can get, you can fucking die in a ditch. Not only do women not care about you, society doesn't care about you, and other men don't care about you. We all want useful friends. I don't want no fucking useless next to me. I don't know, you can't do that. Those are the worst. Those are the worst. I hate their two. They're leeches. They're leeches. So men are judged by competence and women are judged on the sex. So women are sex workers and men are competence objects. Right. I mean, I say that and bro, the mental breakdown, they're not mental breakdown on Twitter. He's like, oh, women are sex workers. Like, just because you're ugly, you can't get a fucking sex work job. If you're a baddie, you'd be on a yacht and fucking Dubai, but you're not. Right. So it is what it is. Yeah, I came across this quote, it said, show me a, show me a person that says, that tells the crew for 100% of the time, and he'll be the most hated person in the world. Well, I'm getting.  I'm getting close. But I also do understand a lot of it's the way I frame things. I do kind of say things in the most, a great, not aggressive, but prerogative way possible. I don't say women can't lift as much as men. I'll say females are weak. And then they'll have a mental breakdown. But it's still true, but I just say it in that way. But maybe I'm a troll. Guys, let's do this. This is like Dr. Phil. Let me be honest. Maybe I just can't control myself. I love pissing them off. Right. Maybe I'm just like women or sex workers. I read the tweet back on my, this is going to piss them off. They'll do it. Andrew, Andrew, your female judge, you got female judge. You're right. What the fuck am I doing? I thought I was walking for the female judge in Romania. You're on her. I just, maybe I just can't fucking help it. I don't know what it is, but I believe it to be true. So I say it. Yeah, you're very polarizing. Polarizing is the word. Everything we did a video a couple days ago. Some man, everything you.  say is actually true. Yeah. You can't deny he's not lying. If I was lying, they wouldn't attack me. If I was lying, if the things I was saying weren't true, they wouldn't attack me. They wouldn't give a fuck. If I was walking around same things that weren't true all the time, they'd completely ignore me. The reason they fear me so heavily is because I say things are art-route. If I say women can't drive, the reason they have a breakdown is because women can't fucking drive. That's one thing to get mad. Right. That's what he's in women. It's not all of them. Bro, huh? Bro, my girlfriend says to be all driving, no, I'll walk. Right. I will walk before you drive me anywhere. Right. Bro, if I got on a plane, the female's flying, I'm turning around and getting back off that fucking plane. No, I'm not doing it. Oh, you're seeing that somewhere. If I get a plane, there's a female part, I'm getting the fuck off. No, but they'll get so offended by this. And they'll be like, how could you, every man knows I'm telling the truth. You know that? Women panic. Women panic under pressure. So if my plane's going down, I would argue, call me crazy. That's a pretty high pressure. You know? He's going to be screaming. She's going to be screaming.  That's the last thing. You know when you get you know when you get you know when you got a plane and like in the event of an emergency Your air stewardess will give you the look over and you see some fucking 19 year old bimbo I the first thing I think who's gonna who's gonna help me is this plane crashes you can hit it bit screamed Cake face with a fucking makeup sitting there on TikTok. Oh my god great the planes on fire Nancy Nancy what should we do? Fuck off. She could do nothing right. It's all like But you're not supposed to say these things you're not allowed to say these things and one of the main reasons you're not supposed to say these things is because Actually, the matrix has very powerful weapon And the weapon they're using to destroy masculinity, which is what they fear because they have to remove the warriors of society before they Enslave us all this is what they do the Roman is just to turn up into Greek camp kill all the military age men Just just drop all their heads off because that's gonna be a revolution sooner or later now days They can't kill us all so they try and new to us and turn us into unix mentally The easiest way to destroy masculinity is to promote femininity in the completely  wrong way. Not promote femininity as a man is good at certain things, a woman is good at certain things. We make the perfect team, we're the perfect pair of a woman's feminine and a man's masculine, which is the truth. Instead, what they do is say women are better than men at everything. Femininity is a better version of masculinity. So we have this weird, strange three-phase garbage society where women are better than men at everything, while also are equal even though they need DEI. While also children and every decision they make, they were tricked into if they didn't want to do it because a man made them do it. So a woman's a girl boss and she's a girl boss and she's better than you, but she needs help to get the job and then if you sleep with her and don't buy her a handbag, you raped her because she changed her mind. So how the fuck? It's impossible, none of this, you can't have all three at once. And they built this on purpose and put it out into Western society. So as soon as a man gets big, they attack him with what? Women, femininity, they use this whole women are the attack vector of Satan now because there's not a single man out there who has the balls to tell the truth and wait, fuck. So all they have to do is just get a phone.  Call 100 women who you've ever slept with call 100 of them and find one bitch One with me that couldn't even find one. That's why they really hate me because they keep trying But most people they find one Russell Brande found someone Trump They found someone headset. They found someone Matt gates. They found someone Julian Assange They found someone you go to the fucking list and and all these betas and soy boys these simps at home Continue to lap it up. Oh a woman. He they found a woman from 1981 Because they're fucking gay And but good literally and and the simps and soy boys kind of fucking help him out, you know like If men could just stick together for five seconds and respect due process We be all right all of this would go away But there's such a huge contingent of of the of the men and when I say men I don't mean masculine men I mean the feminine men who betray their own sex Instantly and utterly when these accusations come out like if if if if tomorrow you guys caught a case and they said this girl said This this I'd say I listen. I've been around enough women to know women fucking live  Women lie. And no, we do women lie. Women lie, the reason women lie so much is because they don't even believe they're lying. They rest and make it seem like it's real. They believe it's true. A woman will crash a car into a tree. No other cars around. She crashes into a tree. Why did you hit that tree? Well, it wasn't my fault. Why? It was raining and it was dark. You knew that when you got in the car. Everyone else driving is driving in the rain in the dark and they didn't hit the tree. Why did you hit the tree? Yeah, but it was raining and it's dark and it's the first time I've driven the car. So yeah, but okay, whose fault is this? The trees? That tree's been there for 150 fucking years. Never been hit before. The car has driven up and down that road 10,000 times and never been crashed. Who do we blame? Well, it's not my fault. Don't blame me. That's the female mind. They're not responsible for anything ever because they're down here. Now if you ask that same woman two weeks later after she hit the tree, you'd be like, I got a Ferrari. You want to drive it? Are you a good driver?  Great driver. True or false? Because she's a girl boss, man. So she's a girl boss after crashing. And we just perpetuate and support this behavior from females. And the reason it is done, it's not done. You could argue it's done organically, because the human species needs to prioritize females, because that's how we reproduced, right? If we had 100 men and 100 women, you could go and you went to war. The reason the men went to wars, because if 95 of those men died, but they won the war, those five men with 100 women. We have a lot of fun. Well, we could reproduce. We could get the tryback. The real G's could get it done. You know, Elon, me, that are we gonna get enough babies? Don't get us. But if 95 of the women die, and you have five women 100 dudes, I mean, it's gonna be a fucking wild rifle, but it was just, but you're not gonna have enough babies to reproduce for the clan. So humanity has always prioritized female life, pants to them get off the Titanic. So there's that side of it, but that's been weaponizing.  And now it's very consciously done. There is no, it's not an accident. This three-phase girl femininity crap is how they destroy masculinity, is how they destroy men. And that's why when they say, I hate women, I don't hate women. I'm just ultra realistic about what a man can do and what a woman can do. I don't hate women at all. If someone breaks into my house, I'm gonna stand up and fight. I'm gonna risk my life to protect my woman because I don't think she can fight. But of course when I say women can't fight, I'm a misogynist, I'm terrible. How am I misogynist? I'm fucking dying for her. Yeah, right. It's a, it's a siop and it's a media spin. Yeah. But it's bullshit and people fall for it all of the time. And it's detra- it's detra- it's detra- it's in the treachery within the masculine team. Men who sit there and go, oh, a woman said, well, you haven't been around enough women to know women fucking lie. Women fucking lie. I got that when I was 19. Literally. She called the cops on me. I was in St. New York. I was in the Marine Corps. She's done with tele-cups. You hit me. Did she just start screaming? No! No! I did the next door neighbor. What's going on? He hit me, hit me. They call the cops. Exactly. Literally exactly.  It's like men who have never been around women and put them on a pedestal. Yeah. And idolize them seem to think they're these perfect creatures, which is why you can never trust some of the fucker who can't get. They don't have any women though. Cause they type of men. Of course they don't. Right. And they've never been around them, which is why one of my litmus tests for my circle as a whole. I see a guy who's struggling with bitches. I don't talk to him. I'm like, oh, you're struggling to get women or you're always crying over some bitch. You're always sad about women. Yeah. You're a traitor. You're going to betray me. You've been feeling it. No, I'm telling you. No, I totally get it. The guy, the guy who's crying over some bitch when she finds he calls him. Cause I'll take you back. But I don't want you hanging around with Andrew anymore. Cause there's too many girls around him. He'll be like, oh, okay, babe. Love you. Like you can't trust those motherfuckers. As soon as I find a guy who's bad with women out of trust them. I've been in business meetings before. Well, a guy is like fucking, oh, yeah, the wife complained about his wife in here and there. I guess he thought he was building rapport and being cool. You want 10 grand of my, you want 10 out of my money? You can't control a woman. You can't tell your woman to shut up and make dinner while you're out getting fucking paid. If you want my money, no, sir rejected.  If you have any kind of problems with women in your life, and you can't control them, never do it. I don't want to, I don't want you, I don't want you near me because those are problems by proxy. They end up on my plate somehow. All of a sudden now my business partner is not coming to work because his bitch is fucking his neighbor. I don't need that shit. So, I mean, obviously women are trouble. Of course they are. But you have to just be mad enough to say, sorry, dear. I loved you very much, but you're annoying. See you never. Bye. And it is what it is. Yeah, I think I learned it early on when I first started dating. I was trying to make my woman happy. So, I was like, I was being a simp. But after a while, I was living through her instead of her living through me. And I became a bitch. And I noticed how her outlet towards me changed. And then I was like, you know what, I had enough of this shit. I'm going to be who I am. Instead of trying to make you happy, you're going to be, your happiness comes through me. It's really interesting. And it's really interesting when you say living through her because the feminine imperative is to build an aston and I have some children maybe, or show off on Instagram, etc. But the feminine imperative is never to go out there and fight for freedom.  It's never to risk your life. It's never to stand up and do amazing things like if you actually look at the Masking imperative we're the ones who explored the world. Why? Why do we got a boat and go to the other end of the planet and die most of the time? Why do we trek across Antarctica? Why do we build the largest skyscrapers? Why do we take the biggest risks? Every single thing you drive past in Las Vegas and every other city was built by men all of it. We did all of it That's the Masking imperative. So a female living through us empowering us is good for society as a whole because we do amazing amazing things. A woman's world is much smaller. She cares about herself. Biologically she's a lot more selfish because of herself and her offspring. That's her superpower. That's good. But if you're gonna allow yourself to live through her you're not gonna achieve anything amazing. You can't. Because her dude is he sitting at home having date night. Every fucking night of the week checking on her every 20 minutes. Are you okay, baby? You seem upset. Fuck that shit. Roskei. Yeah. Fuck that. Roskei. Yeah. You see this Elon stuff that just happened on Twitter with his baby mama? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have to say that. Probably this is black get him in here. Yeah. This is black as they come. And all these could serve.  I'm trying to give him a hard time. I don't know if you saw my, I did a half an hour breakdown. I did a video of it, but I said, my, my guy's put in fucking rockets in space. You think he has time to sit around holding hands with some fucking chick and date night and fucking eat popcorn? Watching fucking twilight? No. Oh my f**k, let's watch. I'm watching it shit. Yeah, I'm playing Diablo, bitch. Get outta here. He has, he, he makes the baby, the baby's done. Okay, the baby exists. Mission complete. Yeah. Back to SpaceX. And she's like, he didn't even text me on Valentine's. He's the busiest, most famous, the richest man in the world. The hubris, the female, just females operating under. Of course, you're not that interesting. You're not more interesting than rocket science because you're not as complicated as rocket science. You're really not. So, a certain echelon of achievement as a man also. Yeah, you have relationships with females, but they're pretty, they're pretty driven by reproduction. And they're pretty just like, okay, we have a kid. I take care of you, I take care of the kid. That's fantastic. I love my kid. I love you. Okay, that's great. See you later. I'm out. I got shit to do.  you run SpaceX. How do you run Tesla? How do you do anything? Yeah, you can't. Yeah, I got love my wife. But when we started doing YouTube, almost like, how many years ago, like 15, 16 years? 16,000, eight, I think we said, why? She will always tell me, wouldn't you go get a real job? If I don't listen to her, I would never achieve what I achieved. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. So, and female love is powerful. Like, you can be protected by female love, but also female love is, it's the easiest way they try and protect you is hold you back from things. That's what they do all the time. That's they try and hold you back. And if you let them, then you're never going to achieve much. I went and leave me because I was too close to my brother, which is crazy. Bro, it's not crazy because me and Tristan get the same thing, because me and Tristan live together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They get jetties of your brother, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They j- That's wild. Yeah. Because we've seen it because we twins, we're really fucking close. Yeah, yeah. We're making it jealous over our relationship. Because they want to be the, they want to have what a woman wants is absolute emotional control over you. Because if she can emotionally control you, then she feels safer. You'll ask yourself, why does a woman always start a fight before you go out to the club? Well, the reason is, is not because she gives a sh-  on the clubs because she knows if you're in a bad mood, you haven't got any game. Right. If you're pissed off, you haven't got any sauce. She doesn't want you smiling in the club, having a great time because then you might get a bitch. But if you're in there like fucking this fucking bitch, texting, texting, texting, you know what I'm saying? That's what she wants. That's why you can't win the argument because she's not about the argument. She's trying to take your sauce away. She wants emotional control over you, but if you're close with her brother and she's trying that and you're like, I'm a teen now, so I don't give a fuck. She sees that as a threat over her ability to emotionally manipulate you, which is what she wants to do to preserve herself. Of course, if she can do it too well, then you become boring. Then you're just a target that's been conquered. It's human nature. Like we talked earlier about explorers. Christopher Columbus, he came here and do whatever he did. When that was done, he was like, fuck it, let me go somewhere else. If a woman completely controls you head to toe and she's seen everything and she can wrap you up round her finger, you're boring, then she wants the next land to conquer. That's how it is. So you've always got to be unconquerable. And that's another thing that blows these people's minds. All these fucking dipshits who are saying that I'm terrible to women and I abuse women and all this garbage. Mr. fucking convicted felon who sold me out.  I guarantee I got more kids than you. I got more women who love me than you. I got more children than you. I got better relationship with women than you do. I guarantee you argue with your wife, more than I argue with my wives, ever, ever. So how many clubs you got? Enough to bake the bread. So like where's this bullshit about me being bad to women? Yeah, right. If I'm so terrible, why are these women love me? Yeah. And then they'll answer, well, because of money. So you're saying they're sex workers? Yeah. Let me get the tweet off. I mean, all you're saying women are just sex workers because I'm rich, is that what you're saying? That sounds awfully misogynistic. Right. You know, it sounds misogynistic. Then they'll come along and say stupid shit like, oh yeah, but you tricked them. Bro, imagine this world, bro, they really are going to go out here and allow women to have the same roles as us in society. Girlboss us all over culture. In every movie, women are beaten up man and the dads, the idiot and the moms, the smart one. They're going to girlboss us the whole way. But if a girl doesn't...  does anything ever that anybody doesn't like ever, she was tripped. If women are to show you a perfect culture that illustrates that black culture. Really? The women, they're just unbearable. I don't date them. And that's why you see a lot of black men, not dating black women. Because the black woman is the man, the relationship. That's why no one wants to be the one that calls it a couple of things, she's a black kid. Well, there you go. Absolutely. And yeah, it's, it's, I don't know too much about the black women in America because I haven't been here in a long time. But from what I've seen online, yeah, yeah. I always see a clip of like subtext and woman like beating the shit out of some poor Chinese girl. Like, what the fuck? How did this even happen? They're very masculine in America. Yeah. It's like they have a chip on the shoulder. Or I think a lot of them just feel they're less than, yeah. They're all black women, but it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a good, it's a good, it's a good majority of them. Black women, the act like men. Well, we can apply this to things because I mean, even if we remove the races, we just remove into the, we say women are sex workers, which of course is going to.  meet me in trouble, but we apply it to the number one thing females are judged on, which is how they're looked. They're sexual. They're sexual. Yeah, not the mind. No, they're just on how they look and how attractive they are. All the, all the hot ease I ever meet love me. Beautiful women love me. They think I'm fucking hilarious. And they're like, he's rich and he's fucking funny. I'll have his kid. No problem. All the baddies love me. If a woman could leave a negative comment about me, I look at her profile picture. I'm like, bitch. I'm at least a drop of senior. It's kind of like, and it's interesting because in the world we live in, you only get an opinion as a man if you're like big and important, strong or rich or we have to earn our importance through some things. But like hot women can say something. A hot woman can stand up and say, I really care about the animals and we'll all stand up. Oh, we really care about the animals, but she's got big tits, whatever. But he's ugly bitch. No, he's a fuck. I mean, I know you have a Twitter account, but no one gives a fuck what you say. Right. So a lot of this shit is just, no one gives a fuck. You ever give it a fuck about a huck of a bitch kick?  Look at ESPN, all the women there, a majority of them are hosting with the men, that beautiful. Of course they are. This is a reality, right? So a lot of these things also, especially in my case, or the online hate, et cetera, a lot of it's just revenge of the nerds. A lot of it's just a bunch of fucking nerds, and a bunch of ugly women sitting around trolls, and their fucking bedrooms, angry that I wanted life, and they didn't, and they're just trying to take it out on me. And it's a fucking set up. You know, it's kind of funny. I had some guy once, some fucking Huzo Beasts, and he was pure liberal, obese, loser, camera, remember his name. And he was saying how dangerous I am to women. I was saying, if you literally thought of the idea of a sexual predator in your head, it would be him. Like, why am I dangerous to women when I have options with women? Why would I rape a woman when I can't get through my roster on a weekly basis anyway? When I'm trying to get them in and out the house as fast as humanly possible. The only thing I've ever done with women in my house is beg them to leave. Like, please, you've been here three hours, it's a busy day. Please go. You know? This motherfucker, we ain't been late in forever.  Telling me that who's the rapist here, you know, who's the rapist do sitting on busted nuts on himself? Of course, of course, yeah, of course, and he these are the these are the bad guys, but they always accused you of what they are He's not doing it. He's doing it. 100% so like these these these fucking people who are attacking us and attacking people at the top, etc They they accuse you of what they are directly all of the time and We're gonna see how this all plays out, but I have a strong suspicion that the Florida I what I if I had to predict the future which I'm pretty good at because I was saying I was gonna get arrested I don't have you saw my old podcast. I kept saying they're gonna arrest me. You have three. I'm sorry I kept saying they're gonna arrest me before they arrested me. Here's what I think is gonna happen in Florida I think they're gonna get perp walk. I think they're gonna come up with the biggest crocus shit They're gonna arrest me. They're gonna walk me in front of the cameras. They're gonna make it wall-to-wall news I'm gonna walk around handcuffs. I'm gonna look guilty as fuck you look guilty with handcuffs with police I mean the fuck you do they're gonna say all this shit They're gonna take me in for questioning. I have a strong  They may not charge me because I have a feeling they have enough to charge me with but they might they might charge me with some crap and in the end years from now I'm going to walk it and they're just going to waste two more years of my life two more years of my reputation You know, it's kind of you have to see everything in the world as a blessing from God It's the only way to see it because if you didn't see it as a blessing from God It's pretty fucking hard to deal with you have to see the positives of all these things because once I bust it Then I'm going to have another accolade of innocence and I'm going to be more well-known and more famous than I ever was And that's fantastic and I'll find a way to make all my money back great But the next two three years are going to be rocky. It's going to be rocky dealing with this shit But what can you do you just have to approach it like a man one of them one of the main things I think they're trying to achieve with me throughout this through four-year process. I've had a lot of people come to me From America from Britain some some billionaires from Germany loads of big Remanians because Romania is not poor like people think big big money in Romania mafia money like this money everywhere Everyone comes to me and they go why don't you just change your persona online what  And he was just, what they want me to do is say, sorry. What they want to do is say, look, Andrew is the top G, Mr. Fucker, tough guy, look, we got him with the system and look, he said, sorry, look, I tell you something, I actually am a fan of his and this is not shade in any way. What was his name? Byron, Byron, Donald, byron. Next day he put out his apology. I don't even saw it, put out his sorry. That's what they want. They want the sorry. If I say sorry, this will go away because then they'll always say, he ain't shit. Look, he bent, he bent, he broke. Yeah, dude, if you say sorry, I'm transitioning. I'm putting on a dress lipstick, I'm gonna be on the biggest fake. Yeah, but that's the thing, they know I won't. But that's what they want. Because what they're trying to do is break the symbol of resistance, which is ended up being me. I'm not saying I'm better than anyone else. I just ended up in this position. I'm the symbol of resistance against enslavement from the matrix. So like if we get this motherfucker to say sorry and act like he's broken in some way, if we finally break him down, everyone's gonna know and they're gonna shut up when the heat starts coming. But with me, they can't get me to say sorry. Like that's why they're frustrated. That every-  single time you see a video of me interesting we are laughing and we are joking and we're saying do it put us in jail I miss jail but they can't stand that we have fun all the time right tristan said to me this morning is like fucking D.A.'s are after us we're in a Vegas suite we're the fucking mob I was like mom we don't do anything he goes yeah but it's cool yeah yeah that's where they hate they hate that we won't say sorry what what religion you practice that's a good question I I'm is I'm a Muslim my brother is is Christian you think that has something to do with because that's beautiful he's Christian you Muslim why is there so much so much of a disconnect between Christians and Muslims I don't know I know I know that yeah that's who demonized the Muslims yeah I I think that's a huge part of it especially like 9-11 and they put a huge spin on it there's also a huge disconnect where people assume or they attribute Islam to the third world so like a third world will do something and they'll say see these Muslims etc but if you let in a third worlder from anywhere you'll do something you can let in a third worlder from Guatemala or the Central African Republic they're not Islamic and they can commit a crime  Especially in Europe, we have this problem as well. Haiti. Yeah, there's a no. Haiti, exactly. Candace said to me, who I'm a huge fan of, I truly think she's amazing in the work she does, but she said to me, she said, yeah. She said on October 9th, when I defended Palestine to Pierce Morgan, that's when all the conservatives turned on me. She said it was, she said viscerally, I saw it. The same day you defended Palestine, it's the day they all came for me. Yeah. I was like, yeah, maybe that, maybe it is that. Perhaps they do have some power. You know there's a drop in obvious too, since we've been criticizing. Oh, yeah, they'll just start to slowly shout out about you and they'll come after you, et cetera. But the thing that's also annoying, and I said this as well, but I'm gonna say it again, because if you're an intelligent person, you understand that everything is nuanced. There's nuance everywhere, right? But you can't have nuanced arguments. Ian Carroll just went on Joe Rogan and spoke about a lot of the issues that they're happening in the world today. And he's still getting called a Zionist agent. Yeah. And Mossad. I get called Mossad. You guys have been called Mossad yet? No, just straight Jew haters. Oh, all right. Well, you're doing good. Cause I've had my bad.  team turn on me. Right. Yeah, because you're never based enough for the an on account on Twitter who has nothing to lose, right? Right. So you can mention certain things. You can bring certain things up. But if you're not 1000% mentioning it all the time or it's all you talk about, then they turn on you and call you a Mossad agent. So supposedly I work for the Jews now, it's funnily enough, even though I literally risked my life defending Palestine on Pierce Morgan and gone a whole bunch of trouble for it. But then I then they asked me something else. I must not have answered the way they wanted. And then they went crazy. So there's not very much nuance in these arguments either, which causes a huge problem in a disconnect because yes, I agree. There's a huge problem with Israeli influence over the American government. I agree. There is a huge problem with it. There's no doubt about it. But we think our conservatives in Republicans, we suppose that we are pro life Christian. Yep. What's happening? Gaza is not pro life and is definitely not Christian. I don't know why we in bed with you. And then we fund that war. They call it a war, but those people don't have weapons. Yep. They don't have an army. Yeah. I mean, they have some weapons. I mean, it's like a little pussy. It's not fair for you. Yeah.  It's not for fight. I can get the drone footage. It looks apocalyptic. It truly looks apocalyptic and it's extremely sad. And also I find it amazing that like if you're a nationalist or you're a conservative and you believe in the rights to your land and you believe in America and you don't protect your land, then you should understand that other people want to protect their land. Exactly. We push back on illegal immigration. Yep. What's going on in Israel? Yeah, but they say Palestine never existed. This is where we hear all the time on social media, especially on Instagram from conservatives. They're placed never existence. Yeah. They're ignorant to it all and it's a long and complicated history. But even if you don't want to go down the entire history of Palestine, Israel, this is what I was saying to peers because he doesn't even let you fucking talk. I was like, I haven't got time to explain history to you, but exactly like you said, this is clearly a genocide. What's happening is clearly completely inhuman. Right. Forget religion, forget any of these things. It's inhuman what they're doing to these people. Right. It's unacceptable what they're doing to these people. And it's also the media spin they put on it tells you a lot because when Hamas trying to fight back, it's a terror attack and it's barbaric. And when Israel fight back, it's a tactical struggle.  Oh, tactical strike. That actually almost sounds like it's okay. Have you ever seen the result of a tactical strike? Because all I see is drone footage. Yeah, I see buildings crushing children. What we call a tactical fucking strike. So again, it's all about the language they use and how they frame everything. Right. It's truly incredible. Did you see that video that Trump posted? Can you pull up that video? Yeah, I got it. You put up an AI meme with Trump's Gaza. Yeah, like Trump stands on Gaza, like turning to like this Oasis for the Jews. That's like, dude, that is tone death. You put this up on, I think it's, yeah. I've seen it, yeah. Donald is going to set you free, bringing the light all to sea. No more tunnels, no more fear. Talk Gaza is finally here. Talk Gaza is crazy, right? That's crazy, right? The height of Trump's attack a lot of killing with guns. It feels hot, there's a lot of helmet now that it was. Yeah. So either Trump's attack a lot of killing with guns, it feels hot, there's a lot of helmet now that it was. Yeah. So me.  Maybe I'm wrong, you know, maybe I, and maybe this is why they call me a fucking Mossad agent now, but I Give Trump the benefit of the doubt that at least he stopped the killing for now at least that stage one, right? It's everything's incremental is is Gaza ever to look like that? Fuck no We all know that's never gonna happen Yeah, but he stopped the killing at least at the beginning, which I think is the furt the best thing Yeah, if Kamala had one which you would argue were supposed to be the left and the pro palisine etc The killing would still be going on because Kamala there's no way Kamala would stand up against a deep state in the war mongers Which is another thing which is gonna get me in trouble, but we're gonna talk about it. We talk about females Yeah, why I don't believe women should be in leadership positions in most cases is because I don't believe women are competent enough to lead because I Don't believe women are brave enough to put themselves on the line If if when Trump gets to call and they say do this or we're gonna shoot at you and he ignores them and they shoot at him That's a leader if Kamala got that call you think she's gonna risk taking a bullet Fuck no, so you can't even put women in positions of power because they'll always bend and break to the shadows  the shadow power that we don't have in no exists when they call her phone. And they start telling her address and telling her what they need. She's gonna do whatever. Yeah, dude ran on stage with a Kamala and just took the microphone from her. She just gave it to him. Yeah, she looked so free. Leader of the free world. Yeah, exactly. So what's interesting is all the left and all the liberals and all the pro-Palestine guys, which even though I'm completely right and conservative, somehow are you aligned with the left on that issue? They wanted Kamala to win because they thought that Gaza would have been a better position, but I would argue right now if Kamala won, the Gaza would still be killing. And he's really still be killing. She wouldn't have done a fucking thing. So at least Trump stopped it. Is that video tone deaf? Yes. But then also, again, I'm a benefit of the doubt guy. I kind of have a benefit of the doubt guy. I kind of think Trump's doing amazing things he's doing his best. Isn't it possible that Trump, busy, he's on Air Force One, he's 78. And one of his aides go, hey, we've got video of the new Gaza, it's gonna be like a resort. We're gonna put it up on your Twitter. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  and then it maybe, did he design it frame for frame? Well, probably not. I don't know. Is it tone deaf? Yes, but I'm just glad the babies have stopped dying because those videos were truly fucking heartbreaking. Truly, truly heartbreaking. That's how it's of children's life. Bro, when that stuff was going on, there was a cloud of darkness in the air. I couldn't smile for a while. It was truly sad what was happening. And the world is a fucked up place. Like, it's amazing also how we go through life, especially us in the Western world and we're so largely disconnected from violence, we forget how fucked up the world actually is because violence is actually the only underpinning of anything. Violence is why anything works. The reason any of the laws we have out here work is because if you don't obey them, you get a ticket. If you don't pay the ticket, you go to court. If you don't go to court, please come. If you don't obey the police, they get violent. So we've just managed to put all these layers on top of violence that makes people to comply with complicated systems. But in other countries where they don't have the time, the energy, the effort, or the resource, or the organization to put all these...  complicated systems on top. It's straight to the bottom line, which is violence, right? You go to Afghanistan. No, they don't give you a ticket. They wave an AK. Now, really is that any different? Let's actually analyze, is getting a police men's ticket, any different than having an AK waved. Not really, there's just a few layers of separation. So you haven't got a witness in. You know, and we get to sit and say, oh, where are societies not violence? We live in a civilized society. No, violence is the underpinning of everything everywhere. Look at our new giveaway. Ford wrapped. Look at that. Avalanche gray. 37 is top. Over 500. I think it's 510 horsepower. I think it's 500. One. I do know it's five-unker than leaves. It's 510. And they're like I said. Hey, so y'all know what we do this? We used to pay for advertising on Facebook, Instagram. Put these contests out there. And then it was systemless. The whole time I think, man, why don't we incentivize our own thing? Yeah, you support us? We support you. You support us? We give you money. Do you support me? I give you trucks.  So win win for everybody need Stargill's white one. What go to special hearts to his dot com anything you got from the site get you on Mac and it will be no purchase necessary on what we have to see a special role for day day. Yeah. And so what's that beef between you and bitch Piro? There's no beef with me and Ben. I just I you know there's no beef for me and Ben. I don't think he's a particularly good person. I think he's he's a warm hunger. Yeah. It's never ending especially if you support what's going on in Gathering. Oh yeah. His his stances on Gaza were unforgivable. He is currently going broke because he lost candidates and he lost Brett Cooper and now the daily wires going into. I know I've heard from many sources about to go into administration and they have problems with peers and even Peterson and him about the legal battle. Oh, daily wire. Yeah. Daily wires completely fucked their completely bankrupt. It all started with Candice. No, of course, you can't get rid of her. She was their star. And then who's the owner of the daily wire? He's a really he's a really he's a really interesting person. Yeah. What's his name? Jeremy Boring. Yeah. Mr. Boring.  I'm gonna start a media company. What Mr. Boring's media company. Gonna be a success. So we got that dip shit. I think Ben's a bad person. He was super pro vaccine, which I was ultimately against. He's against Trump too. He was against Trump and he's also a war monger. You know, I guess it's just somebody. I mean, I've had 87 professional fights. I've done my whole fighting my whole life. I finished retiring from fighting and now I'm fighting against governments all across the world. I've done all of my fighting myself. And when I see somebody sitting behind a desk with a microphone calling for other people to go fight, when he's too much of a pussy to ever fight himself, I intrinsically just don't like him. It didn't he vote for Hillary too? Oh yeah, fuck his adip shit. And he's constantly calling for men twice his size to go and die. You go. Yeah. You go fight. But of course, what do we say about short people? What do we say? He's a fuck snake. He's a fucking snake. So I don't trust him. And I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him. And I also think that. Sounds like you've got a beef. I mean, Ben was one of the main people.  a bit of brought me over to conservative. And he had him having to bring for it. I'm having to tell his own. Can his own. Larry Elder. Yeah, Larry Elder. What a thing is with Ben, like he had a lot of videos that used to go viral where he destroyed the trannies and stuff and that was cool. But and somebody said to me, like, oh, you agree on that. Like who doesn't agree that mentioned Chop the Dicks off? Like fucking, you have to go to the convenience store find a motherfucker agrees with that. Everyone already agrees on that. But the actual important issue, it seems he's wrong every fucking time. Yeah. And you would think he like I see him doing videos like criticizing the LGBTQ community, trans community. But in his religion, they embrace that. The Talmud is supposed to have eight genders, isn't it? Exactly. So why are you on YouTube and TikTok and doing all these videos, criticizing and going viral for speaking out against these people when your religion embraces it? Well, even then, even from a personal perspective, he has a huge problem with me because 12 years ago, I used to have a webcam studio, which I've talked about at length and explain that length. And I'll talk about it again anytime because it's my history. And I'm not apologizing for anything I've ever done ever. While he's still getting paid from APAC, which takes money from only fans today.  Yeah, so like he pretends he gives a shit about these things, but he's actually just super hypocritical And I just don't like hypocrites I don't like people who were warm-ungering after October 7th when he was saying destroy them all kill them all Annihla every single one I took an underneath them like bro. Let's at least look for peace at least Right. It's just a mark of a coward like it's kind of like they say why do pro fighters not getting street fights? Because we've seen how bad fights can go Yeah, whereas like if you've never had a fight you think you're a tough guy because you don't know how bad fights can be So he's one of them right? He's one of them who's never seen violence never been around it would never go near it would piss his pants if he ever had to To all coward trying to talk like a tough guy calling for violence Maybe if he'd ever ever seen any he'd know better But he's not educated to it. So I just think he's I think he's a negative voice in the world who's calling for death and destruction and thank fuck his voices go and broke And him and mr. Boring are about to lose the daily wire Who I mean, I don't know like Travel America try and find somebody who's given them money right now. You must write your fucking mind gives a shit what they say Yeah, you can't pay me to watch their shit  I don't even know what he says anymore. Last time I spoke to him was about October 7th. Have you seen his opinions on Derek Shobin? Did Trump shoot a... Pardon him? Pardon him? I have no idea what Ben's saying. No. Yeah, he's making an argument that he didn't receive a fair trial because of the publicity of the trial and all that. He's trying to galvanize the conservers behind him. So that's just a pull on here. Well, I was about to say I agree with that point. Is he trying to repair his reputation fuck yes? Because his reputation's in the trash. His reputation's over. I mean, I'm an accused human trafficker. My reputation's 10 times is. So as a fucking... You fucked up! He just thought trafficking wouldn't happen. Yeah, he's getting business. So yeah, he's trying to galvanize it. That's an interesting argument. It's a pretty fair point. You would argue when we talked about earlier how at a certain level of law, it's simply just a circus. And to people have to sit and make decisions is this one individual's liberty worth the breakdown of Syee as we know it? Because the argument was if Derek would have walked there would have been complete.  chaos. And us in America or the, or not even the UK anymore, the UK's gone communist. Let's say only America where we value individual liberty and freedom above all things, it's mind bending to us. It will sacrifice people to the hoard or sacrifice people to the mall. But most countries actually do this. Most countries, their approach to law and order is very systemic. And it's our, the reason we have a judicial system is to keep the public and to keep our society functioning. That's what it's for. Right. Right. We don't give a shit who's innocent and who's guilty. We give a shit about people believing in the system, fearing the system, right. And obeying the system. Right. So if we have somebody here who may perhaps be innocent, but if they walk, it damages the system and the, the beliefs in the system, that person's liberty isn't worth it. The ant farms worth more than the ant. So fuck them. They're going to jail anyway. Most countries are like that. I'll give you a perfect example. I'm not talking about third row countries. Japan, when I got a jail, I did a whole fucking jail tour on YouTube. I was like, where else am I going to end up going to jail?  Let me work it out. And it turns out I was actually in the worst fucking jail. It's like Russia. As long as I go to Russia, I've done the worst jail you can do. But Japan has a 99% conviction rate. Is that because they have fantastic prosecutors and judges? No, it's because if you go to court in Japan, you're fucked. And that's because they don't care about innocent and guilty. They're like, the public think he may have done it. There's people who saw, there's enough smoke. People believe it's him and we want everybody to fear the law and we want everybody to believe that we keep the public safe. So he's toast. You're going jail forever by. They don't care about innocent. And there's a whole bunch of cases of people who have been to Japan who are completely innocent. And America's the same. America sat there. The matrix sat down and thought, if we give this guy a fair trial and he walks, this is going to damage the fabric of society. Is this one person's individual liberty worth more than the fabric of society? And what's interesting is this. Here's the interesting argument. Most people, even Americans, agree with that. If you were to put out tweet and say, if somebody is suspected of being a pido, should they go to jail? Everyone will go jail.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Suspected of not convicted not proved to be suspected of people are Perfectly happy to have this mob justice if you can convince them to as long as it's not them When you end up on the other side of the system then you're like what the fuck because the remaining is the same Remaining judicial system is because remaining is a very safe place. It's actually beautiful You can walk I walk around with a million dollar watch under a five million dollar brigade I parked it on the fucking street girls walk alone at night. It's one of those Christian countries in the world It's ridiculously safe. You're not gonna have any kind of violence in Romania. You go out you get drunk You fucking stumble known's gonna nothing's gonna happen very safe place Why because if you they if you they even sniff you've done anything jail They don't care. That's how they do it a bunch of innocent people in jail. They don't care Society safe. So yeah, did Derek get sacrificed in the mall? Fuck yes. Is that normal? Actually globally very normal. Yeah, my whole issue with Derek Chauvin. I think my position on it is this like why did I  the permanent show up. The police called him because he was overdosing. He couldn't breathe. He was saying that out loud. I couldn't breathe. I think what got dirt. Shovon convicted was you got him on his stomach and it looks like you're smothering them to death. Yeah. He should have just and he was he was already handcuffed. So dirt. Shovon did that to himself. He should have just set him up. He had him sitting down. Okay. Like this. Okay. Then it died. I got a whole world to see. Okay. But you didn't so you actually screwed yourself. Agreed. 100% agree. And our cops dickheads. Yes. Yeah. Are some like if you have enough people in any group, summer dickheads, some cops are dickheads, some farmers are dickheads. You know, like that's life. So is he completely 100% innocent? No. Is he a murderer? I wouldn't say he's a murderer either. Was he sacrificed to the mall for the greater good? 100% yes. That was a pre-gone conclusion in a show trial, which we all know. And the whole idea of America is this individual liberty and this idea that this doesn't happen to us here. Because it happens in most other places and most other places. That's exactly what happens. Yeah. So yeah. I think what it helped get them off too is black foot.  people are tired of black people. Every time you look at some Negroes arguing about something. Well, you know, they're at penny. They don't sit on it. Oh yeah, that was incredible. That was incredible. And it's, I'll be honest, one of the things that's amazing to me, because I am American, I lived here at Tau's 8, and then I grew up in England, and then I moved all around the world. What's kind of amazing to me about the American consciousness is that they have this huge pre-position with racism, and they seem to think this is a racist country. Like, you motherfuckers haven't been anywhere. Because this is the least racist nation on the planet. You think America's racist? Let me tell you where's racist. You know the most racist place? Africa. Oh yeah, yeah. You never been Africa. You who do your two two? You're boo-boo. Like, they're fucking killin' each other. They're having genocide. They all look the fucking same. They're pullin' out machetes. Look at their wando genocide. I could even tell the two teams. They're running around fucking swing and blade. Well, the whole world's fucking racist. They're killing each other with nothing. Over nothing. Who do, do, do, do. Your nose shaped. I don't know the fuck. Huge cut.  You got all these black people. You got all these resources and they probably the poorest continent. Of course, they have no leadership and that culture just broke it. 100% and also it's because Africa's rich that it's poor, which we'll talk about in a second. But America's the least, America's the least racist place you find the planet. You think China is a racist? You think Japan's not fucking racist. You think India's not racist with this caste system. Right. Africa's not racist with this fucking genocide. Right. Like everywhere, even when I moved to England, the amount of racism I dealt with for being American. Like I was American. They're like, oh, yeah, go take a school shooter. But watch out. But the thing is, I think it's funny. Yeah. But these people can't take a fucking joke. Right. Like I love when people, I have the most diverse friend group and our friendships are based on racism. Like that's, it's funny. Right. It's funny. Like I know a white guy. Yeah. That's my deal. Right. Fucking weird. But like, we make fun of each other all the time.  Like racism is hilarious amongst a friend group. Right. But America, everyone's so sensitive to it, it's insane and they believe they live in a racist country. It's like you need to go basically anywhere else. Go anywhere else and you will see. And what's interesting is actually the countries, like Dubai, which I spent a lot of time in, the UAE, which is a super diverse country with 80% immigration, but the locals, the natives, they're above you. You can't fuck with the Gulf Arab in UAE. You can come and you can visit and you can buy a nice house and you can live there and you can enjoy Dubai. But if you crash your car into an Arab, it was your fault. That's just how it is. Like there's no way out of it. Right. So the whole world's fucking racist except America. And these people are constantly and endlessly crying. It's like so ungrateful almost. Well, I think most of it comes from the black community though. I think that's what's keeping racism alive in this country. Yeah, it's just white. The white liberal is pushing it too. It's own life support. Yeah. Well, I think everyone's tired of it now, but they're going to keep trying to push it because it allows them to feel important for fun.  seconds so they're gonna keep trying to push it. But you can see yourself to be an African-American. Well, there's times, I'm like the daywalker. I just flop it in out. It depends. You know, you know, like I have a, I had an auntie. She's black and she talks like a white woman until she gets mad than she should make it. Yeah. Do you ever have one of them? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's like me, the pencil moved on me. Yeah. Sometimes I'm white, sometimes I'm black, it depends on moved on me. But no, it's really interesting. And also pattern recognition isn't racist. And we need to make that very clear. Like if I think of a pedophile, I imagine a white man. Yeah, right. And if I think of a gang-shooting, I imagine a black man. Call me racist, but that's just what I imagine, right? I think a Latino. I think a Latinos. Well, that's right. Yeah, 100%. Build the wall. So we got enough tacos. It's fine, we don't need anymore. So if I walk into a restaurant, a Latino restaurant, and I see a bunch of ages make tacos, I'm walking right out. 100%. So racial stereotypes also exist for a reason. But now we're gonna try and tell us we have to ignore basic patterns.  recognition or racism. And this is the point that's difficult because I'll be completely honest with you if I was snow white and I was a police officer and I was in inner Chicago and it's four in the morning and I stopped at Toyota Camry and there's four black guys in it and my partner got killed two years ago because of a Toyota Camry with four black guys in it and they're not complying. I'll be trigger happy. Now to pretend he's not. That's just that's pattern recognition. That's pattern. That's why you survive in the world. The reason our ancestors survived is because we saw someone go try and pet the lion. Go go re and we're like there's a pattern here. Yeah. You try. I mean he died too. Okay. Avoid the lion. Right. There's a pattern recognition. So what's what's interesting? What's so scary about this racism argument is it prevents people. I'll give you another example. This is a second, but it prevents people from acting appropriately, understanding that perhaps the world's not a perfect place. Perhaps it's never going to be fully balanced. So you need to understand when you are going to be deemed more of a threat. So if I was a completely black person and that Toyota Camry, I would say this officer's intimidated guys. We would drop in a test.  behavior right now they'll say I shouldn't have to do that you shouldn't have to lock your door at night Yeah, but you do the world's not a perfect fucking place. There's such thing as shouldn't have to right I'm a big man if I go and knock let's say my car breaks down and I go knock on someone's door in the middle of the night I know that I'm scary if I if a little girl knocks they may open it. I'm gonna be more intimidating I have to keep that in mind I'm not gonna be at the door like Play they're trying to flex. Yeah, they're not gonna fucking open it. You have to know the game you're playing Yeah, cuz white people I don't know this guy's probably home in faith. Yeah exactly. Yeah, so what I'm saying is and just give me a trouble If you're a black person in inner city and you understand how the inner city runs when you're getting stopped by police You should comply more than ever because you should understand the yeah, perhaps it's unfair He has these preconceived notions perhaps it's unfair perhaps you're a great person perhaps yes But the world's not perfect. Yeah, and thinking that the world is perfect and I was trying to push this ideal version of the world Where I want to ignore his basic pattern recognition is bullshit and garbage. I'm more  when I walk past five men, if I'm walking alone at night and there's five men on a street corner, I find that more scary than five women on a street corner. Am I sexist? No. No, that's fucking a lot dumbass. I'm a realist. I'm a realist. So this racism's gone so far now that we're disrupting the ability for people to be realists. So they're expecting a little white woman to walk past five big Negroes in the middle of inner city Chicago and be like, don't be racist, Jane. Don't be racist, Jane. Don't be racist. Hi fellas. Like, are you fucking your loser handbag? Yeah, at least. Right. That doesn't bother me like if some, if I'm getting to elevate up, this happened to us. We're getting elevate and it's just a white lady and she'll just back in the corner and just like grab onto a purse. Yeah. I'm like, I don't blame you. 100%. 100% me at all. But what's funny about it is, they'll pretend that being intimidating is a terrible curse when it comes to something like a police stop. When they live their entire life trying to be as intimidating as possible. Exactly. You're standing a certain way. You're dressing a certain way. You're listening.  into certain music, you're fucking gang banging. You want everyone to walk past you to know you're a real fucking G. You want everyone scared of you all the time. But except for when the cup gets scared and pulls his weapon, then it's like, what was the problem? You've been scared people your whole fucking life. We've been intimidating people your whole life. You couldn't have had a free piece suit on. Had a fucking little hat. You've been fine. No, you're wearing a fucking crit bandana. Why do you think I was a gangster? Like a good... Tuck it in, you bonics. Yeah, but it's bullshit. So all of this is done on purpose. This whole racism argument is gone way too far. As far as I know, black people and white people have basically the fair treat. I mean, the law applies to all of us. DEI actually gave black people a whole bunch of advantages over white people. So to sit here and believe that this is a racist country is completely ignorant. It's not a racist country. And you can succeed in this country if you, no matter what skin color you are, if you try your best and you conduct yourself the right way. And perhaps there'll be the odd scenario where you feel like you're being treated differently because of your skin color and a negative. But also, you're not talking to all of the...  times you were treating an opposite because of your skin color. Perhaps because you're a big black man, you have problems in police stops, but you ain't got problems walking alone at night like a little white person does. So there's a bunch of times people are sitting there waiting to rob someone and goes, not him. So you said you had to pros and the cons. So you get the pros and the cons of these things. That's life. That's life. So it's take advantage of the pro. Exactly. And just to go back on my point, because I mentioned it earlier and I just want to wrap it up. I said about how Africa's poor because it's rich. I watched a really interesting study. You should watch it. It was about what makes the perfect nation because I was trying to build the perfect country in my mind. Like what would make the perfect nation? It was talking about if you started from zero, how would you have the richest, most prosperous, perfect country? And I said to countries with the best weather are countries like England and Netherlands because you want it to be a little bit rainy. You want to be able to have agriculture and you don't want people to have too much fun for free. Like in Thailand, they ain't got to be rich. It's good to be chicken coconut. They're living good. In England, you got to have a Ferrari and imagine still depressed. So you work very hard. You pay a lot of taxes. There's a whole bunch of things involved with it. But it said that if you have a complicated social society.  natural resources makes your country richer. So like Norway is very rich. They have oil and a bunch of natural resources, but they have a complicated social structure. So they dig the oil up, and that money goes to the Norwegian sovereign wealth fund, which goes into the stocks and bonds, and the gold ETFs, and it's all tracked online, and they're a very rich country. Africa's super rich, but they don't have complicated systems. So what happens there is that they discover cobalt. The problem with natural resources is it doesn't require society to get the value of it. So if you have a country that builds jet engines, you now need factories, which takes workforce, which need houses, which need universities, which need schools, which need hospitals, which need roads. So you have to build all this infrastructure around it to produce these jet engines. If you find cobalt, you've got to dig up out the ground. So Africa's problem is that it's so rich, they don't have these complicated structures. So what happens is they find cobalt, the dictator gets a deal from outside, usually the West to get money into his pocket. They send a few soldiers and a few kids to go dig it up. They take all the cobalt out, it goes straight to the West, the dictator gets rich, none of the African people get rich, none of the...  African nation gets rich, they don't build anything. And the cobalt's gone, West is rich, to take or goes to Dubai, boom done. So Africa's biggest problem is that it's actually so rich in resources that it's held back by how many things it has. If it didn't have any resources, they could build things and put it all together and start building jet engines. But they don't, because they're like, ah look, we found something interesting here, to take or get rich, feel the elites get rich and the average person gets fucked. It's kind of unfair. But that's the average. That's too pretty to do that. I mean, do you think that's... I'm gonna sound like a white supremacist I'm gonna say the thing. I know what you're gonna say. Don't even say it. Do you think that's genetic? Well, but come on, man. Byron Daniels is after me. Byron Daniels. No, but let's think. Well, let me take that back. It's not genetic, it's culture. Yeah, I mean, let's, but no, but culture on a long enough time frame is genetic. Yeah, yeah. This is the problem. Yeah. So like, when white people, you know what I love? If you watch on Twitter, it's actually the best argument. It's so fun. The race realists, the super racists who say like black people are genetically different.  white people and you're more violent and all this shit. They always attack me on Twitter for, they call me Milato and all this shit. It's so funny. And I read all their shit. I read all their shit. I read all the race realism stuff. And I'm kind of sitting there going, kind of agree with some of it. They're saying black people are more naturally violent. I'm like a damn right. Watch out. But it's my, it's my pussy. But um, cultural to long enough time frame become genetics. I mean, let's be honest, is the average person, is the average African to smart, is the average Western or no? I would argue that if you go to the Central African Republic, where they don't have schools and they don't have infrastructure, and no but and their parents haven't been to school, and their grandparents haven't been to school, that probably they're not as smart as somebody who's everyone their entire bloodline has been university educated. Probably that is true. So after a long enough time frame, they become genetic. And then you want to take enough of them and dump them over here and expect them to operate within complicated systems. They don't fully understand. They're probably just going to say, fuck it, let's rob the store. And then you have, I mean, this, this is real. Is this real? Is that because you look at Africa?  The content is not a country, but if that was a country, like the United States, with the resources that they got the manpower to have, it would be a superpower. It should be a superpower. It should be a superpower. But this little United States, majority's white is running away. Well, white people are the best at building complicated systems. That's what the white people do best. I mean, like, white camera guy who's off, there he is. Look at him. Look at him, right? These are the people who, in 1960s and NASA, when they did Apollo 11, all that motherfuckers, there's like 20,000 of them, little white guys with glasses, and pieces of paper and a pen, and they put something on the moon. Yeah. You get 10,000 black people in a room, to come to achieve anything. Do you have a stover all? But fast. How long till there's a fight? An equal is jumping in, you try to hit it. Like, we're more family-oriented, we're more clan-oriented, right? Yeah, yeah, we're tribalistic. We are. We're tribalistic, which is a pro-adventure. We're not a clan of corn. Again, these are pros and cons, but if you want to extra-  extrapolate it out towards a nation state. The thing the white man is best at, is working with people he doesn't know. That's a white man superpower. A white man will go, oh, hello, I've got a bunch of money. And I want to build boats. I decided I want to build boats. So I'm going to go and find the best boat builder. Ah, John Smith, hello boat builder. You don't, I don't know you, you don't know me. This is called a contract. Let's do a contract. You're going to build boats and I'm going to pay for it. And now we have a successful shipping company. In Africa, it doesn't work that way. They're like, I'm rich. I want boats. Who do I know? My cousin. My cousin can't build boats. He doesn't know anything about boats, but that's who I know. He's the only guy I trust. He's in my clan. He's my family. So I go to my cousin. You're in charge of the boats. Okay, I would build the boats. And he takes the money and then no boats get built. And everything's fun. That's why the finance minister is the second cousin of the fuck a president. Nobody knows anything. And it's all insidious because you only trust your people. Now, I'm still like that now. I'm black enough like that now. I trust my brother and my people. So I got that black in me. But I'm also white enough to know I can do a contract and get a boat bill. But white people are fantastic at trusting.  people they don't know. That's why white people are like, how do you neighbor that I don't even know you? How do you that white people have this weird, no, it's not weird, but the white people mentality is far more attributed towards the benefit of society with a larger understanding of working with those that are not directly correlated with. Whereas the black people is like, these are my people only and it's very insular, but it becomes far more difficult to run a country that way with competence. If you want to run a country competently, you need to find the most competent man for the job. I don't know if this is true, I don't want to be held up on it and I don't want to be attacked for it. It might not be true, but I heard something that when the British started starting selling their ships around, they were amazed that when they got to all these native countries, the aboriginals in Australia and Africa and India, all these places, no one had heard of a contract. No one had heard of the idea of working with someone who wasn't their family. They're like, it's a contract. They haven't heard of a contract. No one had heard of it. So what, you just find anyone to do it? They've been heard of a house, they're living grass, let's see. Well, that's right. So they were like saddages. Yeah. That's what they say in those videos. They're eating. So I've got...  20 Tiktok videos these african Byron I'm sorry Listen, I know you got busted for weed Fuck you talk about letting the black man down For busted for fucking weed I'm gonna take you to your metrafk You know fuck this god in the Vegas Fuck these people bring your case You make a bigger deal These people have not evolved at all Oh Back to being a white man back in the slave days Yeah, we'll take these All right, so let's talk about this now Yeah, we're going down race realism You know, we're the only people brown enough to get away with this so we can do it. Oh, we're not gonna get away with this Well, let's talk about it, right? The white man where he grew up Primarily they had to plan ahead in a way different than the african's did So like if you were in England you had to grow grain Because that's how you eat but grain  only grows a certain part of the year. So you have to think ahead and you have to plan. You have to plow the field, then you have to grow the grain. Then you got to build buildings to store it in. And that means you need a lot of people. A lot of people need schools, hospitals, roads, housing. Now you need a city. You have to plan everything over a year cycle just to have food. And Africa didn't have to do that. Mango. Boom. There's go get mango in their hungry. Go kill this. There's so much resource. They didn't have to plan ahead. Wait till your hungry, kill something, eat it. You didn't have the same infrastructure that was required to eat. You have code in Europe. It gets cold. You go to build a house. You need firewood. You go to think ahead. You apply that across a thousand years. You have a very different mentality towards life than you do in Africa, which is just pure brutal survivalism. That's what it is. I've heard that argument because of the weather, white versus the white man and the black man, both races evolved differently over time because living in a coal, you know, horrible climate, you got to think. And you live in a warm environment. You just get up, take a shit. Yep.  I think you'll vote as a decent. That's what I'm saying. And you're good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, this is it. And then we also apply this to what I said earlier about the white man having to work with other people he doesn't particularly know. If you're going to go through all that work to build to grow grain and you have to build a grain store, you don't want your grain to go bad. So you're going to find the best grain store company guy in the world. Whoever he is and you have a contract with him, you're going to learn to work with and get along with people you didn't particularly get along with, et cetera. Whereas Africans didn't have any of these problems. So they're far more clan based and clan oriented. Trabalistic. You see that here in America. Yeah. It needs to be a private investigator. And they said I was walking people like insurance claims right back in the day. So he's watching me for Byron. Yeah. So I'm making Byron a hard time. Fuck wrong too. Fuck both of them. Yeah. Fuck wrong. Little wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So I was a private investigator and they sent me to the black community. It was it was what's nobody else want to go. Yeah. You'll fit in. So the white man sends me there and I'm there. I'm in that neighborhood. Maybe two minutes before everybody comes out like who is this nigga?  Yeah, of course. It's like, you see that tribalism that came from our evolution in Africa is here in America. Oh, 100%. You could be just going to any black neighborhood, all black, even if you're black, you're gonna be looking at you crazy. But this is the thing that's interesting, because people that home don't understand that the matrix itself, the people who are in charge of the world, they find every innate action or every innate inclination that humans have and they hijack at intrusion horse in. So the natural tribalism that blacks have, they hijack at intrusion horse and use against us when a convicted fucking felon does some dumb shit he shouldn't have done and black people defend him anyway. Right. Because it's tribalism, right? It does stick up for him anyway. The liberals are actually very tribalistic. It's very interesting that if a conservative is accused of something not even convicted, we'll self-canibalize. Whereas if a liberal is accused of something, no one gives a fuck, if he's convicted, no one gives a fuck, if he did it, there's no one, there's a fucking video no one gives a fuck. The liberals don't care. The liberals will accept a criminal into their team if it helps them, no problem. Us conservatives, the moral high ground, we'll fucking self-canibalize the vernaculation all day long is pathetic.  Right. But they do this with everything. They Trojan horse all things. So if you're in charge of the world and you want to get an objective done These people are not stupid. They're literally rule the world. They'll sit there and go, okay, we want to convince people That if they pay more taxes, the sun will stop being hot. Mm-hmm. So how do we do this? Well, this is a pretty hard argument to get across So we're going to start with something more basic. Do you like trees? Yeah, yeah, I like trees Do you like the oceans and the fish do you want to destroy the whole world? No, no, I don't want to destroy the whole world All right, then we're gonna put up your taxes. So they take your natural So they take your natural Yeah, so they take your natural inclination to like Nature and they Trojan horse it they put in Trojan horses another one's tolerance Oh, Kree were Christians. Yeah, you're tolerant right? You're not you're not horrible people You're tolerant you understand other people you're tolerant. Yeah, okay. Here's a drag queen So that's what they do They take they take your natural inclinations and they sneak in these Trojan horses with everything all the time So the tribalism of the black people is being used again  someone they're sticking up for fucking dickhead pieces of shit. No other race does this by the way. Right. If a white man was had had a rap sheet as long as his arm and murdered someone, white people wouldn't be like, oh, stick it up. White people don't stick up for themselves. So let's forget that. Asians, whatever. But white people will be like, no, still the way they attack Daniel Penny. It's like that motherfucker have been harassing people in the subway forever. Yeah. There are a number of people who have traveled the subway and dreamed of punching that nigger in the face. How many people have driven literally? There was a man who got in the subway every morning to salt one down a punch on the face. And he's doing his shit Michael Jackson moves. So one day that's why I call it black fatigue. Yeah. People are just tired of this. Yeah. Yeah. But the black driver isn't just rallies around them. And then you add in a little bit of money because all these fucking people manage to somehow pay their bills. How do you pay your bills when you're marching for black people all day? Yeah. Try it. Try it. Go out there and march. Go out there and march. March all day. Go just decide you know what? I'm super passionate about this issue and go start marching all day.  You'll soon learn you have nowhere to fucking live. These motherfuckers are in a mansion. You have pushing escalates, private security. You add in USAID money and all of a sudden you have these huge fucking movements. And it's not just in America. This is what the American state has been doing globally all around the world. This is how they did the Ukraine Russian War. They sit there and go, how do we make people who are so ethnically close, so ethnically aligned, who look the fucking same, who speak the same language, who've lived next to each other for eons, who grew up in the same TV shows, who share the same history. How do we make them hate each other? Well, what we need is we need a 20 year campaign of pushing Ukrainian independence that Ukraine's actually a separate country to Russia. And we need to push Ukrainian language, and we need to change Ukrainian TV stations and make them different from Russia. We need to cut off the Russian news. We need to push this idea that Ukraine has always been subjected to abuse from Russia and that they're abused people. And then we need to find the nationalists inside of Ukraine who believe that Ukraine should be a standalone place. Then we need to promise them that when Ukraine is a standalone place, they'll be the kings of it. Then we need to make all of them rich.  give them loads of money. And on a long enough time frame, you end up getting enough hatred and sentiment that you get the fucking war you want. It's all done on purpose. All of these things are trochan horse. So when they sit there and go, we want a war between these two countries. We'll go, okay, let's find and infiltrate the nationalistic aspect of this one, that are the same with the fucking sun being hot. Let's find a motherfucker who likes trees, let's offer him a bunch of money, give him to walk around. And people are also, people are deliberately ignorant for a bag. Like I'll be honest, like you take the average black person, say, look, just say black people are oppressed. Look, here's some money. Yeah, that'll give a fuck. Yeah, that'll give a fuck. People are pretty empty. Mm-hmm. Don't you remember being a child thinking adults are smart? Yeah. Do you remember that? I used to look up to grownups. Yeah. I'm like, that's a grownup. Turns out they were all fucking retarded. The whole fucking time. And it's like everyone's a fucking dipshit. Everyone's fucking dumb. Everyone will do anything for a fucking paycheck. Everyone's a fucking liar. Everyone's self-interested. The only kind of smart people that exist.  to other people like me who at least understand what I am. Right. But I don't deny these things. I'll sit here and go. The reason I'm better than these motherfuckers is because they don't even know those things. I'll self-analysed and go, I am self-interested. I'm a person who's going to try and do things for his own self-interest. I'm a person who's going to try and benefit himself. So I can at least check myself because I know the game I'm playing. These other motherfuckers are so dumb. They don't even know the game they're playing. So they really believe they're saving the trees or saving the black man while getting fucking paid to march around all day. It's a fucking setup. Idiots. Idiots in the enemy guys. Idiots dumb people, stupid people or weirdos or nerds, all these people that in school used to get bullied and picked on. I guess maybe that was God's way or natural selection. Just keep them in their fucking place. As soon as they get any power, look what they fucking do. Look at the theater kids. But the theater kids got their asses whooped. It was fine. Now they're called the Democrats and they're fucking destroying society. Read more bullying. Read the bullies back. Yeah. This is a true story. I changed school a lot more as a kid.  I moved around. You know when you watch movies and someone goes into the new school and they see the nerd being picked on and they go and get to know the nerd and the nerd's really a cool guy? Have you ever tried to get to know an nerd? Because after like five minutes, you're like, I get what I pick on you. Have you ever go talk to the weird kid? You join a new school to like, don't talk to him, he's weird. I'm like, I might leave him alone. No, he's fucking weird as a fucking loser. My guys, there's like six of you, fucking leave him alone. I got to talk to him for five minutes. I'm like, fuck that nigga. He's fucking weird. That kid is weird. My city's people deserve what they get. Yeah, I remember we had this friend. I'm like, I'll say this day. Remember, bleep this out. Does it mean me him? Yeah. Like he was the weird guy. He got all ace, but he was weird. Nobody talked to him. So me and Kevin, I think we're like six. Let's go hang out. Let's go talk to him. They're picking on him. So we hang out. He said, man, what you guys come over today? So we can play, right? So we go to his house and he calls this dog in. He starts jacking his dog off. Wow. And then we look at each other like, I'm gonna kick you out. It's like, these weird kids.  They end up there. It's not an accident. Right. You know, so like, it's kind of natural selection, but I guess now they're all allowed to run for office. I see these fucking Democrat politicians doing these fucking thought-ass TikToks. You know, what was it? It was Trump. It was Trump's state of the union. When I saw his state of the union and I saw them holding up the signs, like, you know, Elon pay his taxes, shit. I was sitting in a cigar bar with Tristan and Roger Stone, who's a G. And I was watching the state of the union. I said, in no sensible country on earth, could Donald Trump be standing up there telling the truth and some fucking room, be in the same room, heckling him. Like, what kind of fucking country even is this now? Like, who are these people? You've achieved nothing. Who are you to sit with your fat ass, you can't even calorie control sitting there on a chair, insulting Elon who's putting rockets in space, saving humanity. And you're sitting there going with your sign thinking you look good. How heu bristic and stupid and arrogant you have-  to be to sit there after achieving fucking nothing. Over the side. Elon Steels. Yeah, eating twinkies. And then I'll get him. These people are fucking cards. In any real country, in any sensible country, truthfully. If you had the richest man on earth who was in charge of innovating probably the most disruptive technologies on earth in any real country, of course he'd be in government. And probably be the fucking president. He'd probably be in charge of absolutely everything. And there wouldn't be some fucking hippo heckling him from the crowd. He'd be the boss of anything. You think of Albert Azerbaijan, had the fucking richest man on the planet who was the only person who could do things in space that nobody else could and put in chips and people's brains. And the only person that could compete with China and there soon to be global hegemony when it comes to electric vehicles. And you had one man competing against the entire Chinese industrial base and he's super rich. You have this one guy. You think you're going to allow him to be heckled by some fucking nobody with a sign? In any real country, he'd be fucking Lord. But here in America, we're like, fuck Elon, fuck he's trying to save us money.  Who the fuck are these people? Yeah. I really, I swear, when my criminal case is complete, I'm gonna walk around, I'm gonna go to these protests, I'm just gonna say, who are you? Tell me your life story, I'm very interested. What have you achieved that compares to Elon Musk? Because you have a very strong opinion. Please tell me what you've done. Because you smell. You haven't had a shower today. I wanna know what you truly believed how the world should actually work. It's fucking incredible. It's incredible. Oh, Jesus. Elon Musk. No, why do you want to be like this? Always white people too. Let's fucking, we've done the blacks enough. Let's do the whites. White people. Why? Why people? Why people are gonna go extinct? Because of bitches like her. Yeah, right. You know, we talk about, we talk, I'll tell you something. Leave some good white people, man. Bro, white people are gonna go extinct, and it's their own fucking fault. You're organized, you're smart. You can get everything in line, you refuse, because there's too many traitors in your camp. What did I say earlier about men betraying other men?  A man betraying other men is how they manage to do this dumb centred bullshit that destroys men all the time. White people are being subverted by all the white people which are desperate to see their race go extinct. Yeah. You can never have a traitor in your camp. Watch the 300 movie. You can have the 300 strongest motherfuckers alive. You got one traitor you're gonna lose. You never have a traitor in your camp. White people have been betrayed by all these fucking liberal whites who are desperate to watch white people go extinct. Yeah, I wouldn't even call them liberal. I would call it like progressive. Progressive, yeah. They're self-extinctionist. Yeah. All they're begging for is just to be fucking decimated and controlled and destroyed. What's interesting to me is white people are already getting their asses whooped left and right by black people who are angry every time they're in the wrong scenario. What's gonna happen when you're not even the majority anymore? Right. You think white people, you think you're gonna need a better position when you're the menorah in your own country? With all this intrinsic hatred, let me talk about slavery in 2000 years and now fucking locking you up in a space jail. Yeah, look what's happening in South Africa. I think the black people is taking all the white people's land down. Yeah, the technology. They took it. It's took it. And the white people have been there since the 1600s. They've been there forever.  Yeah, people have this idea all white people came and took it they've been there for fucking 600 years they've been there there is African as anybody but now they're losing their shit because they're white Why are they taking their shit cuz they got shit? Cuz they got something to take yeah, right, right? So it's it's truly incredible that white people are on this extinctionist path But white people are not allowed to be nationalistic and white people are not allowed to love themselves And they're not allowed to stick up for themselves. Yeah, and that's done by the matrix on purpose, you know and There's a lot of reasons why that's done. I talked about it on PBD It already got me a lot of heat but the World War two narrative is how they do that They they say that when white people are nationalistic it ends up as Nazis Which is why they used a World War two narrative to subvert white people sticking up for themselves and sticking together And then if you understand the real story of World War two you understand that's a lie So that's the true betrayal of the white man, but it's it's also incredible to for me to put it in a comedic sense To try and avoid jail. Let me try and be a comedian White people the only people who listen to women That's their problem black people don't listen to women Gen of the embrace the kids that just leave the buy  You're like, you gotta raise these kids. No, I'm out here. Black people are listening to women. You think Chinese motherfuckers listen to women? No. You think Indians listen to women? Even skinny little pussy ass Indians don't listen to their women. You go to fucking Mumbai. And even you can see the skinniest neighborhood alive. People with fucking sandals on. No money. And his woman can't get fresh to him. Because you can slap up in the street. That's a thing in Arabic country. Every country will slap the shit out of a woman. Nobody listens to women, but white men. The only people alive are these wife, Jack, white men who listen to women. And as soon as you start listening to women, you end up doing this shit. When you listen to women, you end up idealistic. You're not realistic. And you watch your entire fucking society implode. I will argue that if you look at COVID, the only households that were scared of COVID were the households who were the women's in charge. Because when I came home during COVID, there was two girls in my house. I came home and they were like, have you seen the news? It's like, what? There's a big new virus, don't care. And they're like, My wife lost her shit. I don't care. And then the girls go, so what should we do? Say nothing. Fixed. My house was fixed because I told them, shut up. No one cares. Done. Like, we have to see you're on next week.  We have to see the grandma and we have kids, and there's a big buyer, put a mask on. Now we're scared of household violence, because women can be, women are emotionally driven so they can be intimidated. It's the reason they want women to be controlled the household is because if you want to convince a man of something, you have to use a degree of rationality. If you want to convince a woman of something, all you have to do is scare her. You don't have to be rational with a woman. You can just say, do you love your grandma? Well, yeah, emotional arguments. I love my grandma to put a mask on. That's how they do it with women. With men, it's far more difficult. You're like, yeah, I love my grandma, but she's not your six. She's gonna die anyway. Why the fuck are we wearing a mask? I see her till next month. What the fuck are you talking about? Where's a woman? It's just like, you don't love your grandma. So they want women in charge of everything. And this is the white man's problem. He's the only motherfucker who listens to women. You see it. I grew up in a household. I grew up in a household where, when it was Thanksgiving, the men would sit on one table, and the women would sit on another table with the kids, and the men would sit around and have men talks. And now I'm going through life, and I'm sitting at a table, and there's a bunch of full grown men, and where I've been sitting there with their wives, and I'm trying to talk about something, and some woman has an opinion.  And now there's a woman talking, interrupt, and eight full grown men telling me her bullshit, which is wrong. And I'm just sitting here like, the fuck? You know, some white guy, and he's like, well done, you know, should my wife think? I think of a fuck with your wife thinks. I don't give a fuck what your wife thinks. What a fucks you talking for? I don't care. So white people listen to women, and that's what I'm gonna go extinct. Give another example. White people listen to women, and women have to go through the terrible, I'm guessing it's terrible. I'd argue it probably hurts a bit of childbirth. So white women are like, yeah, I want one baby. Maybe two, oh, we'll have a third one if we get another house and an Annie and a fourth car. They make it nearly impossible to reproduce. But I don't care. I don't care. Baby, baby, baby, baby. It's just gotta be good. Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby. They don't give a shit, right? So white people are also being out reproduced. So the white man's problem is that they listen to women all the time, and if you're gonna listen to women, you're gonna be destroyed because matriarchal societies or matriarchal clans, or races, can't compete with patriarchal ones. And I know that to be a fact, because you look at history. I always ask people name a time in history.  where they're named a civilization in history, anywhere on the planet where the women were in charge of the men, name one, you can't, because anytime it was ever tried, they got fucking crushed by their neighbors where the men were in charge. So as soon as the society becomes matriarchal, it's over. White people in general are matriarchal. The average white man's like, oh, well, the wife wants, the wife says, they're wife jacks. I get so much hate online from these fucking wife guys. They can't fucking stand me these wife guys. They can't stand me because really they hate their wife because their wife can peck some old age. They're projecting. Their wife's picking on them all day and they're seeing me have my fucking 18th kid and they're fucking furious. I'm like, oh, you're a fucking piece of shit. No, you're just mad. You're a woman who will have as many kids as you want. You're mad and you want to come at me. Because they're wife guys. Wife jacks are fucking losers. Nick Fuentes nailed this about wife jacks. He fucking nailed it. Because if you're best friends at Chick, you're probably gay. Like you and your girlfriend, it's a business arrangement. I'm paying for your life and you're giving me kids and you're gonna make my life happier. And if I'm sick, you bring me soup and we're a little happy family, cool. That's a business.  We love each other, yeah, but there's certain things. To say you're my best friend is fucking weird. My women aren't my best friend. They want that. They're like, oh, you're my best friend. Yeah, yeah. But really, we have nothing in common, basically. Like, you're hot. I'm rich. There's a child. Like, it is what it is. What we're gonna sit and talk about. But we have a few issues we can agree on, but most of the time it's just me educating you. The best conversation I can have with a woman is when she doesn't talk and just listens. I just say, no, this is how it works. Three hours. Okay, I understand. All right, bedtime. Yeah, I think I saw the day. The main reason why we have men and women's restroom and men and women's posters cause a woman. Yeah, it's to protect them, to give them their free space, safe space. And a lot of those men, those wife, Jackson, call them, they're just trying to get brownie points with their woman. Of course they're. Look at what I did, look what I did, dear. I told the horrible misogynist that he needs to have one woman. Can we have sex yet? Fucking gay. It's all gay, bro. But yeah, this is a white man's problem. The white man listens to women. Yeah, now you must say, no  stop doing that they're gonna get there are matriarchal clan or matriarchal race and that means they're gonna be extinct. They're gonna go to white people are gonna go extinct. I think I'm gonna do other those. Wife jacks is on the left. You know you'd be surprised. You'd be surprised. There's a whole bunch of these conservative guys who are like super wife Jackie and I'm not saying don't love your wife. Barn Donaldson. Wrong to say it. He's trying to get his wife his governor. I misunderstood when I say these points. They think I'm saying don't love your wife. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying don't protect your wife. I'm not saying don't respect your wife. I'm not saying don't have a relationship with your wife. I'm not saying don't love your wife. I'm not saying any of those things. What I'm saying is that you're the man of the fucking house and that your power as a man is gonna be is gonna be amplified by the other men you know and that you should be part of a clan or an army that makes you as powerful as possible and that is man's business. And she is benefiting from all of that. She gets financial protection. She gets physical protection. She gets a whole bunch of benefits from you being a man with your guys doing your man things. She ain't in charge of you. It's not her business to tell you how the world works because she doesn't fucking know. And it's not her business to tell you how to be a man either. It's her business.  is to have a kid and be happy and be safe and be rich and make you smile and that's her job. Because our job as men is to suffer all the time, be basically miserable. That's our job and to get enough money so that we can make our kids and our women happy. You get to smile, you get to be happy, you get fucking, you get joy. My women, man, they leave the house and like, Andrew, Andrew, I'm like, what? Look, look at that cloud, my bitch, can't fucking cloud. Wrong to say it, this is trying to lump me up. I'm gonna call it fucking cloud. But they have such peace of mind but they get to be happy with dumb shit. That is a fucking joy. You have that peace of mind because I gave it to you. I gave it to you because you ain't got a fucking work. You ain't got to do nothing. You don't know anything. You look at the clouds, you're happy. I'm glad for that. But by extension, by logical extension, if you're the kind of person who's impressed by clouds, I would argue you're not allowed to have a differing point of view to mind because you don't know shit. You don't know anything. So when I do something or say something, even if you don't understand it fully, tough, get over it or leave and find another famous billionaire. Good luck. Elon's hiring.  So you can wait, go get ignored by him instead of me. It is what it is. But that's just the bottom line of it. But white people don't do that. White people are like, fucking listen to their women and their women's like, well, you know what, today I heard something about, you know, no, you know what? This just came to my mind. I need to do this. I was gonna do this on an emergency meeting. By a terrible twist of fate in the background of my house because normally when girls are my house, they watch TV and my brother and I were on the computers we ignore it. One of them was watching a show. It's, love is blind or something. Love is blind season eight, it might be. Love is blind. And it's where you have a man and a woman and they don't see each other and they fall in love just by talking. And I wanted to break them down on emergency meetings because these, got no game. No game at all. These guys have no game. And the girls are terrible. The whole thing's a mess. I'm gonna really destroy it. But there was a white woman asking a white man, what do you think about George Floyd? And he was like, oh, I don't really know about it. Oh, I don't know if we can be together because you know, it's almost like it's a big, it's an existential issue and it seems like you don't care. And this is two white people talking about George Floyd.  and I was like, bro, just tell her, shut the fuck up. Tell her to shut the fuck up. Who, what does she know about George Floyd? Where did she get this opinion from? The fucking news. She's just brainwashed. It's another extension. We talked about the three phases of women, right? How their girl bosses, which we know is not true. How they can do everything a man can do because of DEI, which we also know is not true. But throughout the largest period of human history, women were protected, and they were treated like a protected class. Not treated like children, but they were protected and they were isolated, like you said, women's bathrooms, because we protected them. So they listened to their father, then they listened to their man. They always had a guardian. They always had a protector all of the time. Because we understood that if you leave a woman to her own devices, she's often gonna make shit decisions or she's open to be susceptible. She's susceptible. She's open to be manipulated, right? So I would argue if that's the case, you have two classes of women in the world today. You have women who listen to their man or you have women who listen to the matrix. Name another class. Please correct me if I'm wrong. You have women who listen to their man, who like the conservative women.  or whoever, they'll listen to their man. I obey my husband. My husband votes Trump. I vote Trump. I obey my man. Or they'll listen to CNN. When does a woman ever had an original thought? Right. Ever. It's all just the news, repeating the news to you, or repeating what her man likes. That's why when a woman falls in love with a man, she has the same music tastes. She likes the same cars. She has the same interests. When she truly loves you, she likes what you like. You know, it's not hard to make a woman vote for what you want to vote for because if she loves you, she will. That's just how it is. And if she ain't listening to you, she's listening to the news. They're susceptible because women don't go out in the world and carve their own path. Men do. We go out there and struggle and we carve our own paths and perhaps we'll find something in the middle because through personal experience, we've done enough crazy things to come up with some strange or different conclusion. Women don't do that. So women are just either obeying a man or obeying the matrix, which means that men have an obligation if you want to destroy the matrix and you want to protect the women, is to make it clear to them that they're being lied to all of the time. I say to the women in my house, sometimes they'll put some...  dumb shit on, I'm like, why the fuck is this on? Turn this off. Should be, but why? Because of 110 pound chicken, it's just be up eight full grown men. I'm not walking, this is not on, this isn't real. I would hate for you to be walking down the street one day and think you know, chick food. Because you've watched too much Netflix and get a different level of ass kicking. Like, fuck this off. This is all matrix programming. Get it out of your mind. I'm here to protect you, because I love you. I care about you. Turn this off. It's shit. You know, I'm called misogynistic for that. But if you don't control, if you don't control the influences over the people you care about as a man, then they're gonna be influenced by your enemies. Cause that's what they are, your enemies. Hey man, I don't feel so good man. It's wrong with you. I'm embarrassed to tell you. I'm just gonna tell you, I ain't took a shit in like two weeks man. Are you taking your age? You optimal human? You don't know what we ran out of it. Man, here, take this. Get some right here. Take it. Get it up in you. Drink that. Get that probiotics. That audit, chill. And it's good. That apple powder.  All those were sent to nutrients and get you intestines right? Yeah, get them in test times right get it all up in you. Mmm. Swallot. There you go. Why are you drinking it like it's Cool later something just wait you made it with cold water More we're getting brain freeze Let's get in with cold water. It's like a smoothie. Oh Man feel something move. Oh man Good optimal human calm for it slash hard twins and now Tropical human for free today happens right now with children Who raises the kids in America? YouTube into school about the fuck parents? I've seen videos on YouTube of children arguing with their fathers about transgenderism right? Yeah, I'm like what the fuck who taught them that shit YouTube and their school They spend more time in school and more time on YouTube than they do with their own fucking parents, right? You're not even raising your own kids anymore, right? And  That's done on purpose. You're out there working your ass off to pay taxes. Every parent, two parent, both parents need a job. Everyone's out and you're just sitting on the fucking internet and going to school all day. Hey, on California, they pass a lot where you can hide transitions you keep from their parents. So who even owns the kids now? Right? And that's what the government wants because they want to control the future. And also another thing you have to keep in mind, this is actually something that's very interesting. When anyone comes along with a concept and they decide to aim at women and children instead of aim at men, you can be sure that concept is a bad concept. Because if you have an idea and you try and pitch it to men, you're gonna have rational pushback. But if you have an idea and you go, fuck it, let's take the easy route. It's probably a bad idea. So LGBT, they'll aim at the kids who don't know any better and the women who are susceptible to emotional arguments. Oh, but Gaze have feelings too, whatever. He's have feelings too. Man, I'm like, I don't care he has a feeling. I don't give a shit, it's wrong. So also you can judge a good or bad idea by who they target and who they aim at. I could tell the story.  from book rest Romania. I moved to book rest Romania 10 years ago. It's the most Christian country in the world, 99.9% Christian, churches everywhere, extremely Christian nation, and only two years ago I saw the first ever gay pride parade, first ever, and it was sponsored by the US Embassy, funnily enough, paid for the whole thing, and that a gay pride parade in the middle of the city, and we drove past it and it was quite small, there must have been a hundred people at most. And you know what it was? It was a whole bunch of straight, hot chicks who I guess thought it was cool or funny. You know, like 19 year old, 20 year old straight chicks who thought it was like cool to make TikToks with the flag, acceptance, tolerance, blah, blah, blah, and I drove back, I didn't even see any gay guys. I was like, this is just a bunch of fucking hot chicks who just want to be accepted, proving my point absolutely that if there's not a man keeping them in check, they are open to doing the fucking bidding of the devil, the bidding of Satan via the matrix, because they aim for women. I drove past, bro, I drove past the gay pride parade and I've never seen so many hodys. It's all it was. But that put but  That's how they aim for the young impressionable women all the time. So that's why it's extremely important as a man, you protect her mind and her body, you have to protect her in every way. Because if you don't protect her mind, she will not allow you to protect her body anymore. That just sit there and say, well, you can't tell me what to do. I'm telling you not to go out for in the fucking morning. It's dark, you know? Women live in such a fucking diluted world. The chick said to me, it'd be good to be a man. It's like, why? You can walk around at night without worry. I said, bitch, you dumb. You're like, you fucking, you think I walk around without worry? Are you stupid? I think I have more worry than you. Like I have worry. Like you walk around, okay, yes. Perhaps there could be a particularly heinous sexual criminal, of course. But there's a degree of men out there, even if they rob people might say, don't get the chick. There might be some degree of honor in it. I wouldn't argue on him. He's safer than you of them in the wrong area. In fact, I would argue because I'm a threat, they'll shoot me first, then rob me. They won't even fucking just come snatch my shit. They'll just shoot me first. So women believe that men just walk around freely and we have no worries and we have no concerns. They don't even live in a real fucking...  world, until you're unless you educate them. So yeah, this is the problem and this is the problem with society on mass, but it's particularly a problem with white people because every single time you see these protests, which are basically begging for the destruction of Western civilization. Yeah, I'm thinking a globe is scared that you're going to influence white men to start being men again. Well, I was trying, but then they turned on me because they're all wife-jacks. You know, it's funny. I'll tell you the few things I've said, the few things I've said that pissed off the conservatives. Yeah. One was defending Palestine, pissed to conservatives off. Is this as the pro-Christian thing to do? Well, thank you very much, sir. I mean, I think it's just a humanist thing to do. Anyone who's a human, Fox News just programmed to hate Muslims. They've been demonized. It was since 9-11. Yeah. So and it's not a coincidence that Fox News is running by you. Well, there you go. He's not a coincidence why they have to you. You being Muslim. Yeah. I think you might be right. I think the prosecutors have to be in Florida, isn't you? Yep. Really is she? He. A.G. A.G. something. Yeah. Interesting. So there's that. There's that.  side of it. And what's funny is, although I've talked against Zionism and I've talked about the obviously barbaric and heinous actions in Palestine, I've often attacked the Jew hate in crowd too. I've said that some of these Jew haters take away too fucking far, because these Jew haters are saying the Jews control everything. I'm gonna say okay. Yeah, the Jews control everything and there's nothing you can say with it, I attribute to Jews. And they'll say, I can't get a girlfriend because the Jewish media is convinced all the women because sex in the city. I'm like, I'm like, okay, listen, you're a skinny little bitch. So the problem you can't get a girlfriend because you've got skinny arms. And the Jews have never stopped you walking into the gym. You're just using it as a coping mechanism for your own failures. So I've attacked the Jew hate in crowd too. So now I'm fortunate. I'm in between. The Jews hate me and the fucking Jew haters hate me. So everyone hates me. So that was the first thing. And the second thing is I don't get a pass because I've got multiple baby mothers and that really pisses the wife jacks off. They can't stop and stand it. Elon does. Trump does. They don't care. Me for some reason, it's super bothersome, deep in their heart. And I think it's because when they go home to their wife and they get picked on by her, they know I have a deal with that shit. So when they got on Twitter.  they want to be a tough guy and they want to attack me with it because of course, everyone's a tough guy on Twitter. So those are the two things that have annoyed them the most. But yeah, I think that it's not just about making white people sick up for themselves. The bottom line of the universe is that if you don't resist, you're gonna get crushed. It doesn't matter what race you are, it doesn't matter what color you are, it doesn't matter what sex you are, it doesn't matter what animal you are, what plant. The universe, the universe's violence. When you see a big tall, beautiful tree, everyone sits and sits under the shade and says, wow, this tree is so beautiful. But I don't see that. I don't see a big tall, beautiful tree. I see a fighter who killed every fucking tree around it and destroyed every sapling and its roots went so deep that no other tree could get water. And that's why it's the only tree there because it killed every other that's a real tree. He's a real G top T right? So that's violence. That's the world. If you're not prepared to fight, you're gonna be crushed. If white people are gonna continue to let their women walk around praying for more migration and praying to not balance the fucking budget, then white people are gonna go extinct. And then I can go down the rabbit hole of, you get what you deserve in this world. You know, we talk about this with Islam and Christianity.  And this is a sensitive topic, but I get this a lot and they say, you know, the Christians are being replaced in England And all the Muslims to take control and the Muslims are praying outside the Christian churches and did it And I say, yeah, that's completely just respectful. I disagree with that personally as a Muslim But if Christians are not going to resist it in any way, if you're just going to sit there and bend and roll over You know, I'm not even saying where enemies I'm saying if you have an ideology and you won't defend it if you're going to allow France during the Olympic ceremony to mock Jesus Christ With transgender like how long you let yourself be mocked if you're not going to ever stick up for anything You're going to be crushed right and this is a situation where in now because you have all these competing power dynamics Mm-hmm. And yeah, it's going to be very interesting how it all plays out into the future But it actually makes me very sad the white side of me is quite sad when I see these insane white people Begging for white human decimation like white girls are hot. We need them and this is bullshit Yeah, but they they just they just desperate to go extinct for some reason. I don't know why I call that white guilt That's so gay That is so gay like white guilt but but again  And once again, it's the largest sial in history. They pretend only white people had slaves. Do you know who had slaves? Africans. You know, still has slaves? Africans. Like, do you know how it slaves? The Arabs had slaves. Everyone had slaves. In fact, the only people, to ever abolish slavery, ever, were white people. Every other nation just let it carry on. Do you think the white people went to Africa and then in their cotton coats with their muskets, chased knees down the forest and put them on a fucking boat? No. They turned up and they said to the local warlord, what slaves do you have? I'll buy them off you. They were already slaves. And they bought them off them for gunpowder. So that the local warlord could go and slay some more. Back the chugal in mirrored. That's right. And then they took the slaves out, were already slaves and took them to pick up the latest product on the planet, cotton. Congratulations. That's why I didn't have that term, African-American. I don't know. Yeah, I'm not out of that. But the sial up runs so deep. It's so deep on so many love.  But the people in charge don't give a shit, right? The people in charge, let's say you're running from Mary or running for governor. Everything we've said in this podcast, nobody who's running for power can say. Because people are not smart enough to listen or understand it or consider. I don't agree with 100% of it, but maybe there's a point or I don't agree with it, but it doesn't offend me. There's none of that because everyone's a fucking reader. So if you want to run for governor, you have to stand up and say, I'll protect the black community, black people or the, but just talk shit. Right. And just lie. And then you become, then you become governor and you start getting paid and you've lied to get into fucking office. So guess what we're going to continue to do? Lie. And then you make the problem true. You make the problem come true by by doing it. So we don't have any kind of honest governance on any level now. And it actually co-s deeper. It's interesting when you try and analyze, because I think often long and hard about democracy, I was saying this, in fact, I'll say this to a white guy. We're talking about race, we're saying this to a white guy. I was saying, do you have any idea? In fact, I'll say it to my camera man on the way to court. I'll say and.  This court shith is so white. He's like, he's like, what do you mean? I was like, this is a white man's invention. Because why? I was like, you're telling me my brother and I are gonna go to a room with someone who wasn't even there. He's like, your honor, you weren't there. They weren't there. We're gonna give them a whole bunch of pieces of paper. We're gonna talk it all out. I'm gonna come up to a story and we're gonna make a conclusion. Then this person who wasn't there is gonna give an answer and that's gonna decide whether I go jail or not. And we're just all gonna obey the answer and it's the end. I was like, this is white head to toe. Black people do not think this way. In Africa, if you have a disagreement with your neighbor, who's got a machete? Let's fix this. Let's just solve it. I'll kill you. I'll kill you. Okay, we'll draw the line here. And white land is like, I'll sue you, buddy. I'll sue you, buddy. And then they spent three years of litigation and all their money and then whoever loses goes shucks. Oh well, and just goes home. And just takes the hell. What the fuck? This is the whitest idea ever. But that's the-  that white mentality is so interesting. And it's interesting when you talk about, this is the problem with migration because also this has come up where they're saying that if the migrants are Christian, it doesn't matter or illegal migration versus illegal migration, that the reason the white nationalists don't want too much legal migration, so like no, this is a white country because white people think an actor certain way, we bring a whole bunch of people that don't think an actor the same way, they cause the problems with our complicated systems and he's completely right. Because violence is very simple and it's very cheap and it's very fast, whereas the white man system is very complicated and it's very expensive and it takes a long time. And if you have it, it is frustrating. If you don't have patience, courts not an answer. So yeah, all of these things are interesting and then you apply them towards political systems. I've been thinking long and hard about how amazing the American democracy is when we talk, when I just said about court, that people just, well, before they rigged it, they rigged 2020, but in general, you lose, you win, okay, you get to be the most powerful man in the world. In most countries, when you become the most powerful man in the world, you stay the most powerful man in the world. In most nations, on the most powerful person, no one's taking...  this for me by hooker by crook kill me or it's mine right and if I and if you don't kill me, it's my sons. That's how it works. But the American democracy is quite unique in fact that they'll just pass over this immense power to someone else. It's kind of unique and we say protect our democracy. They rigged it in 2020, but that's a unique scenario. But then you look at democracy and you look at how we just said governors get elected politicians get elected by lying. Everyone's lying the whole way through Elon Musk is supposed to be should be treated a certain way and he's not. We have a whole bunch of reels in Congress holding up stupid signs, a bunch of idiots doing fucking tick talk. We're in Congress like the whole democracy systems thought and the only alternative to that I guess is the dictatorship and the dictatorship is kind of like a 50 50 bet on whether you get a good guy or a bad guy. You know, you know Nigeria had more oil money than the United Arab Emirates. Nigeria had more oil than Abu Dhabi in Dubai. Why are they rich? Why are they richer? Nigeria is not poor, but why are they richer than Nigeria? Leadership. One good dictator over a bad dictator. That's all it takes one guy. So this lock involved. Right. That's a not-used.  But he said it, not me. But it's super interesting. Actually, I looked up the Chinese system. The Chinese system is a lot different than people think it is because they think they have Xi who's in charge of everything and he's the forever leader. That is true. But they do have some degree of democracy, actually. They have a democratic process where everyone could vote for all their political parties. Although Xi stays in charge, after all the parties are voted in, those parties are measured in numbers for how many and each party stands for one thing. So you have a party for education, a party for defense, a party for the economy, a party for all the different things and then everyone votes for all the different parties. And then when he sees how many people are in each party, he can see how much his people care about certain things. So he's the king, but his Senate, I guess you would call it, I don't know, the ins and outs of Chinese politics, he would say, ah, this voting round, they voted in a whole bunch of educational people because people are very concerned about the education system. So I'll address the educational system. That's kind of how the Chinese system works. But yeah, how do we even govern humans effectively? I don't know, it's difficult, it's hard.  The democracy's fucked. Kingdoms are fucked. It's all cyclical. When you have a kingdom, it works great. And then when the king ends up being a dipshit, you get rid of him and then you want democracy. It works great. Then you're up with Kamala. You wanna get rid of it. You want king back. We all want king Trump. We all do. But we want the kingdom back. But then if another king comes in and it's not Trump, we don't want him. We want the democracy back. Like no one's ever fucking happy. They're trying to put me in jail. White people are going extinct. It's all fucked. I don't know what to do. It's all fucked. I'm just in Vegas talking on a podcast. I don't have the answers. I think we should fucking get Elon to keep building rockets and get us multi-planetary before this whole thing fucking blows up. That's what I think we should do. But people are crying their eyes out. The wife jacks are attacking him on Twitter because he fucks and has kids. Yeah. Imagine that. No, no, no, no, guys, imagine is I saw a conservative account saying he had a kid out of wedlock. You fucking dipshit. He puts rockets in the fucking on Mars. And you're crying, he has a piece of paper for a 15th kid. Who the fuck cares? Like bigger picture. Fucking wife jack. Dammit. How you come with that term wife jack?  Because these dudes who just obey their wives are scared of their woman. They're so scared of their woman They're scared they're gonna check her check his Twitter replies in future and find something he said that wasn't a hundred percent Support of his wife being his fucking boss. It's ridiculous and they're always white. They're always white guys No black guys on there like oh you need a marriage certificate never No one it's always some fucking white dude complaining at Elon another white man for saving the human race Yeah, because he didn't have a fucking marriage certificate or crying at me for having babies. Let me take something white people I'm a day walker if I have a kid with a black woman They're black if I have a kid with a white woman their wife trust me. I've done it. I can make both So you should be happy on making more white babies and you've ever fucking made right should be glad And you're crying your eyes out because I'm reproducing your race. Yeah, cuz you won't fucking get your dick out I've heard white men brag about using birth control. I've heard white men brag I heard white men brag. Yeah, bro, she's on the pill man  We just do whatever we want. She's on the pill, bro. Is that good? You're bragging that you can just bust nuts into dead pussy? You're happy about that. You're fucking idiot. Why the fuck you fucking if she won't get pregnant? Yeah, the whole point is that maybe she'll get pregnant. All your side bitches should have a maybe involved and makes it fun. Yeah, maybe she gets pregnant. Maybe you get caught. Maybe you block them all. It made it's fine. It's the fucking excitement of it. Yeah. White people. I know white guys who will get a vasectomy on purpose to fuck. Gay. It's fucking. Nobody slice in my neck. They're a black man alive. We thought, oh, I better be more responsible. Make sure I don't have any children. Fucking gay. So white people are weird. I'm producing more white babies than any of these wifejacks. Because their wifejacks say we have the two Steve. That's enough. And that's why they're mad at me because I have a whole fucking army of white children. They're furious. And my white children have a tinge of black, a small tinge. So when their son finally meets my son in the schoolyard and he morphs like Wolverine and  Enough to bust him up. He's gonna be fucking furious when he catches the one-two. Yeah, where do you learn that slip? It's genetic genetic So they I'm telling you why people need to stop listening to women basically that's my conclusion stop listening to girls Yeah, just stop listening to girls I have all these opinions, but it doesn't matter just ignore it all I do whatever fuck you on and have a whole bunch of children. That's what you should do Yeah, women when they come out yesterday trying to reinvent the wheel and you don't have to do it a hundred percent Yeah, yeah, and and and also when it comes to children because one of the I get this about kids a law and I understand kids can be expensive But the truth is kids are not expensive kids are fucking cheap women are expensive Bro kids are cheap, bro. Do you know the poorest people in the world have kids? Kids are cheap. Yeah kids need $10 a food a week. Yeah and 2 t-shirts You want the Gucci you want the Gucci, right? But then also I know in America you have a whole bunch of these laws that are all fucked up If I lived in America and I want to continue my repopulation spree, I would just every summer go to war  saw have a whole bunch of kids with super models. You're crazy. Have a cable. Well, we'll see how it goes, but I'm trying to get all the flavors. I want to try and ease kid. I want to come through expert. Yeah. I'm going to put him in a shawl in camp. I want to go to sedan and get one of them seven foot tall dink of women. I got one of them. Yeah. I'm going to try and it's going to be hard to get. I'm going to pull it off. I'd stop my my type really. Close my eyes and imagine a Barbie doll. Get a dink of one. I'm going to India. No, we'll skip India. Fuck that. No one cares about that. I've got enough white ones. I got Russian ones. I got mold over ones. I got remaining ones. I got a strong white type. You know, I got that. I got British ones. Uh-huh. So I'm going to do it all. I've got, I've got some black ones coming. I got mixed. How about Columbia is down in South America? Those women maybe, you know, did you know there's only five races in the world? Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Because they call it mixins. All they are Indians, Native Americans. Natives. So all we're down to South America, all those fuckers, look the same. Well, to me, why might we get myself in this one? Sure, but I don't know.  I can't help it. Tristan, just your chance to stop me. All right, and stop me. So there's only five races in the world. You got whites, blacks, Chinese, and then you got Mexicans. And then you got, well, Pakistanis, Pakistanis. No, you know, but those are Native Americans, Native Americans, whatever you want to come to, I'll look the same way that you're in an Arabic country or you in North America. No, but Mexico, but Mexico downwards, all of it is just kind of Mexico, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if the Guam Islands break into your car and you call the police and they say describe him, you say Mexican. There's a Mexican breaking into my car. No, you don't say it's a Native American. I think you might be from maybe from Argentina. No, you don't say it's fucking Mexican. It's a Mexican and breaking into my fucking car. So that's all Mexico to me. Mexico and down is all just Mexico. It's all Mexico. It's all Mexico. He's like, I'm sure they believe there's differences. I'm sure. Right. Right. In fact, I know there's differences because they're the most racists of all the fuckers alive. You see how a Nicaragua, a Nicaragua hates a Guatemala, yeah, we hate to Mexican. We talk about racism in America.  They fucking all hate everyone hates each other everywhere. News flash guys, the British hate the skull ish, the British hate the Irish, everyone hates everyone. This is how it goes. This is how everyone hates everybody. They all are united here in America. They're all one big happy family united by hate. Get over it. Everyone hates everyone. We hate people from the next town. What's it to you from? Reno, okay. That's how it is. I don't know why everyone's so upset about it. I think it's hilarious. I'm just here along for the ride. Have you heard about France Gold Court? Oh yeah, that $5 million Gold Court. Yeah, what is it? You get to come here and move here, be a citizen in the United States. Oh really? Yeah, you get preference, you just come here, you pay for your citizenship. Little bunch of Jews in there. Yeah, I think so. But they were coming in. Oh, go to be Jewish. Bro, they were coming in anyway. Yeah, I already know. Yeah, I think that's what he's trying to do. I mean, if he stops the unchecked immigration, that's a fantastic idea. The problem America had, the biggest problem the region had such an issue was that it had a...  dual-tongued problem was that getting in legally was so fucking hard and getting in illegally was so fucking easy. You're going to, if you're going to get in illegally, nearly impossible and getting in illegally, so easy. I can't remember who did it. Who was the one who, I think his name was Bald and bankrupt. I don't even ever saw it. He tracked the Dorian pass. He did it. He got and tried to get into America illegally and showed how it all worked. It was super interesting. But everyone's talking about how many Chinese were coming in. How many Chinese were coming in illegally? How the fuck do you even get out coming to China and get to Mexico? Right. I don't even do that. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Who knows? I think we interviewed this guy. There's a bunch of NGOs funding everybody across the world to come here. It's our old government funding. Oh, yeah. My band's G. This is my point. And I love Trump and I think he's a hero. But who the fuck are these NGOs and why they're not in jail? This is treason. This is fucking high treason. And it's the same liberal NGOs, by the way, that are fucking launching law attacks on me. By the way, every time...  Every time I find myself in court, the lawyers on the other side are sponsored by a liberal NGO. It's the same liberal NGOs that control the news that keep trying to convince everyone I'm a bad guy. The same people who are ruining the entire genetic makeup of our nation are the same people trying to get rid of me. They're the same people. Who the fuck are these people? I haven't even got to debauch me yet. Who are these people? Why does no one know who these people are? We dismantled USAID. You know what was really interesting? Every time my brother and I walked in and out of court, there was like fucking 500 cameras. Every time, from all around the world, asking us stupid questions. I've been to court 50 times across three years. Are you a rapist? I was like, bitch, how much do you get paid? That's the best question you can get. I've been asked this a thousand times. You finally get three seconds of me and that's what you ask. Are you a f***ing hard? That's the best you can come up with. No, you silly bimbo. The fuck idiot. The fucking, you're gonna go out of war anyway because you're fucking ugly. So when USAID goes to- You know, such a great message, right? But do you ruin it? That's why people love you so much, cause-  You say what you want to say and you don't care who you think. If you're going to get someone, you're not going to ugly fucking troll report. Right. So she's safe. So what's your fucking asking for? So when USA got dismantled, all of the cameras stopped coming. Mm-hmm. So I said to Tristan, this is the first time we've ever come to court. There's no cameras. Mm-hmm. And before that, I said to him every time we went to court, I was like, who's paying for this? These are cameras from all around the world. Who's flying in news crews from all these different countries to come and stand outside of a Romanian court to get two second glimpse of us? That's wow. Who's flying these in? Who's paying for their hotels, their flights, their wages? These people need to eat. Who's paying for this? What are they getting? Me and you walking in out a court not saying a word? No one's even interested in this story anymore. This story's three years old. It's fucking boring to me and you and we're in it. They're only keep pushing it on the news to try and slander our name. No one even wants to hear it, but they won't stop mentioning it. Not because we're guilty, because in fact we're innocent and they know we're going to walk. And they have to do as much damage as they can before we get out of it. Who's paying for these people? And then when Elon started dismantling USAID, one day we went to court. No cameras, not one.  I was like, what the fuck? Bro, the matrix runs deep, it's scary. But so whoever these NGOs are, who the fuck are these people? Who are they? They need to be held up on TV and forced to explain what they're doing. Because they would be in other nations. If there was an NGO in Russia, that was subverting the Russian state. And they got hold of them. You think they wouldn't be on TV explaining to Putin and apologizing? Because they fucking would. They'd be sitting there saying, I was sent by this guy and I'm sorry. They'd be explaining everything. Here, they're probably still fucking running. They're still operating. Oh, USA is gone. They're getting money from somewhere else. They're still going to the office. Yeah, not only in the NGOs, churches. Counter-truth was in peace. Well, this is the thing. What do we say about Trojan horseening? The Trojan using a Trojan horse, tolerance, forgiveness, love for all, the most beautiful things about Christianity. They throw in a Trojan horse. And the Trojan horse is unchecked, unlimited migration to anybody from anywhere, even if they're a fucking criminal, and forgive them for murdering people. It's okay. And this is the thing. All the best ideas in the world, they attack and they infiltrate.  like a virus in a cell. So yeah, I guarantee they're using churches, and they're going into churches with good-minded people who believe they're doing the good thing and convincing them to help Chinese people flee oppression and travel through the forest and turn up here illegally. And then you add in the fact that it's so hard to get in legally and you had this massive migration problem. As for Trump's issue, as for the gold cards, I think it's actually a very good idea. You're trying to raise money. Well, he's trying to raise money, but I think it's a good idea because a lot of countries do this, by the way. It sits and shipped by price. Right. Let's get it right. Let's say again, Dubai. Dubai does it. Loads of Caribbean nations do it. Turkey does it. Malta does it. Montenegro does it. I think Hungary may do it. Loads of countries do this. This is not uncommon. It's very common. In fact, the $5 million price tag is very high. Most countries is like $3.400 grand. You can buy an apartment, $3.400 Gs. You don't even give them the money. You can get an apartment out of it and then get a residency for citizenship. So I think it's a very good idea. I think you should promote it. As long as you can stop all the other methods of immigration happening. But.  Who are going to be buying that? I don't know. If I was in charge of America, what I would be doing, if I was Trump, I'd be offering instant citizenship or instant green cards to all of the members of Europe, all of the natives of Europe who retired with their communist government, that's what I do. Because it was the best of Europe that built America in the first place. I think it's the best immigrant to America. If you had to pick one immigrant, one that's one, you're trying to get him in trouble. No, just, we realized, right? Shit. No, I think that if you look at the fabric of America, if you look at it from its base, it was built by white Europeans which were unhappy with their governments. And I think that right now, all the white Europeans are very unhappy with their governments. They're living under Stalinistic, communist governments where you can't speak, where you're being replaced ethnically, where your streets are not safe, where your taxes are higher than America, crimes at control, drugs are at control, everything's lost its mind. If I was Trump or a Bowser's Judge of America, I'd say, we're gonna offer green cards.  or residency to any white ethnically European person who is tired of their government who wants to start again in America because that's what built America in the first place. And I think that would give it a research. And I guarantee you get 40 to 50 million hard working white European ancestry people turning up here. I think that'd be a fantastic thing for America and to teach Europa lesson because Europe's going to have a massive brain drain and they're going to have a wealth flight, which is what they're already suffering from. Every every rich person in England is trying to leave Norway has the same problem. They just set up a huge exit tax trying to take exit tax America's exit tax to. Right. But they're setting up these huge exit taxes because all of European nations are losing their rich and they're all running away. What's interesting is guess whether running to they're running to Arab nations. They're running to Dubai. So it's actually funny. It's a crazy Muslims. Well, this is the thing, right? They'll live a month. They'll complain about Muslims at home and then they'll go and want to live in Dubai, which is an Islamic country. The problem is not Islam. The problem is that it's a much a third world fucking idiot. So we're letting in, which are not integrated. Do you think Dubai puts up with bullshit from Islamic extremists? Do you think Dubai puts up with bullshit from third world idiots who want to commit crime?  I'm in rape. Fuck no. They'll drop your fucking head off. They'll drop your fucking head off, bro. So it's not Islam, because the Islamic nations have a stricter punishment for most of these crimes that in Europe. All these Islamic terror attacks in Europe, what happens to the perpetrator? He goes and sits in a room and eats three square meals a day. Why don't they do it in Dubai? Because of the consequence, right? Did you ever see the Dubai Foreign Minister talk about this? You should look up that clip. The Dubai Foreign Minister said that you're gonna have most of the Islamic extremism coming from Europe because they think they know Islam better than we do. So the problem is not Islam anyway. The problem is this third worldism and this insanity that we have. And also the basic gender dynamics that we're refusing to address. If you allow in 10 million women, they're gonna integrate with society because they're gonna get knocked up. And their children are gonna be half. That's it. If you really believe in immigration so deeply, then let all the women in. Women only. Let women in only make there to be two times as many women as men. Let men off the fucking leash. And let's make Americans done. Instead, they let in military age males, which is the problem.  because if you've men turn up to a society and they can't get a job and they can't get paid and they're standing around in groups with their friends all day, how long is it until they commit crime? This is just a fucking time bomb. Yeah. Like these people, they're just turning up and they can't work or whatever. And I'm talking from the European perspective more than the American scientists and that more. But you let in a bunch of Syrians to England, they don't speak English. Who's going to fucking hire these people? Nobody. They don't live in a bunch of Africans into you. Yeah, but just fucking the boats are just arriving and they're living off the taxpayer. And who's paying the taxes? The white guy. The white guy's doing his paperwork. Yeah. So you can understand what I'm saying. I have translation. No, I know. You have translation, but I just want to make sure you get it right. Checked or I asked. It will come a day that we will see far more radical extremist and terrorists coming out of Europe because of lack of decision making, trying to be politically correct.  Or assuming that they know the Middle East and they know Islam and they know the others far better than we do. And I'm sorry, but that's pure ignorance. Here. So like, Europe has a huge problem now. And they have a huge well-flight. And I think America should be doing as best to get all of as much of that wealth as possible. Those are the people that built this country. That's what we should be doing. I said a $5 million car. Yeah, it's a good idea. Who's going to actually buy it? We're going to see. It's a good idea. It's not even an uncommon idea. Right. It's not an uncommon idea. So I hope it works well for him. But I think he should let the Europeans in. And the South Africans, everyone, if you're going to allow all these people coming here, why not allow the people into the country which built it? Because the racist is to say we don't bring in these dirt world countries after people other than white people come to countries that racist say that. Well, people will try and call it racist. But as we've described earlier, it's just about a fundamental idea of how the world functions. If you're from a certain...  You understand law, you understand order, you understand systems, you understand certain things. And there's also very highly educated black countries and very highly educated Arabic countries. There's highly educated black countries. Yes, there are, yeah, there are some. Like, there's some... No, no, actually don't know. No, there's some very rich African nations. Okay. There are some very rich African nations. Like, comparing Nigeria to the Central African Republic is not fair, because Nigeria is actually quite a rich place. Right. Now, would you get a fair court in Nigeria? Probably fucking not. Yeah. But people kind of understand the idea of court, I'd like to believe, overall. Okay. Makes sense. It's some 37% Nigeria. Oh, there you go. There you go. But, um... But, no, but what you have to do, no, but if you want to do this prudently, right? If you want to do this sensibly, which of course most people who are in charge of these things don't, if you want to integrate anything, don't you have to measure compatibility? I mean, isn't this a basic prerequisite to immigration? It should be. Let's forget everything that's happened so far, and let's pretend we're a brand new nation, and we want to explore the idea...  of immigration. Wouldn't it be prudent for us as intelligent adults to sit and measure compatibility? And if you're going to measure compatibility, shouldn't it be across cultures, across ideals of how the world works, across legal systems, across certain things? It should be. It should be. But we're throwing all the out of the window and saying racism, which is fucking dumb. So what we should do is sit there and go, okay, who understands work? Who's from a country where they've probably paid some tax so they understand taxes must be paid? Who's from a country where they have enough faith in the legal system to understand if they have a problem, it's better to go to court than try and solve it themselves. Like these basic things. And if you're going to do this, you're going to end up with people from European nations, the European natives understand all of these points. And they all want to leave. And we want people, I guess. So that seems like a good fit. Whereas in getting in people from completely different places who think completely differently, you can't blame them. But then you also can't blame us. And then you have this huge problem. Like I guess the people who are very culturally different, though, who don't cause any problems are the Chinese, but the Chinese have their own...  the Chinese, I don't know about America, but I'll tell you in London, the Chinese have their own police stations and everything. The Chinese have the whole Chinese society inside of London. Like the Chinese people go to the Chinese police. Right, they even got Chinese side of time here in Vegas. China down, yeah. Bro, the Chinese are scary. Yeah. Fuck the... I'm scared of the Chinese. I'm scared of the Chinese. Have you ever seen LeBro in jail? The Chinese ever get picked up? Why does no one pick on the Chinese? Right, all right. So we got the FBI, we got the CIA, we got the Navy SEALS. England has MI6, MI5, Russia has FSB, Ukraine has SBU. We have all these secret services all around the world that commit terror attacks or they commit murder. What's the name of the Chinese secret service? No, no. I don't fucking know. You told me a super power hasn't got secret service. You told me the most secret of motherfuckers on the planet ain't got a secret fucking service. Yeah, right. What are they even called? That's a secret service. motherfuckers can be working in Chow Main Shop. I don't even fucking know. I don't even know.  Who they what they're called these people, but no one fucks with the Chinese ever why is no one fucking with them? Yeah, it's kind of like Bro and every time every time fucking John Cena or whatever says something that offense them over Taiwan Remember him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, he said Taiwan was a separate country to China. Yeah, someone called him Chechen called him for no, he's talking in fucking Chinese Fluent, he's there like you better learn it Bro, the Chinese are scary bro. Yeah, I don't know what they're doing Have you ever seen a Chinese person working for someone who's not Chinese? No, I've ever seen a Chinese woman pregnant I don't think they get fat. I wouldn't know what I don't know what's going on Yeah, but they have a big country with a lot of nukes and none of us know what's going on They they I think the Chinese government they execute like a hundred thousand people a year No one talks about it. No one knows. Yeah That's a death penalty for everything you can get the death penalty a random if they you piss them off enough They're just killing people no one does shit  Streets are perfectly clean. Everyone's walking in a line. Drones are flying everywhere. They're fucking They got their shit right. I don't know. Yeah, and we have one man who's competing against them when it comes to complete global control Elon and then you go some fucking fat bitch full of tacos holding up a sign Bro, this country's a joke. Yeah, this country's a fucking joke, bro. It shouldn't be allowed Yeah, it's crazy But the Chinese are scary. They got their shit right. It seems we're gonna see how it all plays out But if I had to guess how the world's gonna work if Trump had lost it would have been over for the Western world Yeah, if Trump had lost it would have been over for the Western world I thought America was back. I came back turns out Ron's still here, so it's not But hopefully in the short four years he has and with our work We can fix the culture and perhaps we can keep America struggling on because it is struggling once America falls I think Middle East is gonna be in charge of the world for a while because Middle East says energy I think that bin Salman the leader of Saudis probably behind Putin and Trump the most third most powerful man in the world I think the Middle East is gonna be in charge and after that is China's turn and once China has control At an AI and drone  and all this other shit, it's gonna be a scary world. It's gonna be really scary. We're gonna see how it goes. Hopefully I'll be gone by then. My son's better fucking start doing their pushups because it's gonna be different. They'll be fighting Kung Fu in the mountains. It's gonna be hard. It's gonna be hard. How many sins you got? A few. I don't say how many kids I have online ever. Oh, okay. I know, because I've got enemies and some of my kids have been found and there's a bunch of weirdos that are really trying to like harass the mothers and harass the kids. Wow. So it's kind of like a school of fish. It's protectionism through numbers, right? So they know how many I have. They know how many they have to find. Right. But now they're down a rabbit goose chase trying to find as many as they can. And they keep, they find some, but they're like, I know there's more, but how many is there? So even if they found them all, I liked the idea of them wasting their time looking for new ones that don't exist. Just to try and waste some of their time. So a lot. Makes sense. A lot. My future security team in 20 years will be my sons. Yeah. That's my plan. Awesome. Hey, have you ever met Trump? You have a minimum. I've not met Trump yet. And you know, one of the things I want to make clear is that I'm, I'm worried about meeting Trump.  because I don't want them to use me against him. Because they would. Even though I've done nothing wrong, I've not been convicted. I'm such a Trump fan that I would hate the idea of meeting him because I genuinely believe he's a fantastic president and them attacking him via him just simply shaking my hand. That would actually upset me a bit. But also Trump's a real, he's built different. So if he doesn't give a single fuck, I'd love to meet him. But I'm aware if he were to say, I would get it. I would get why he'd be hesitant perhaps. I don't know, but maybe he's just at the point he doesn't give a shit what he's idiots say. I'd like to believe so. Yeah. But I mean, if I'm in his ear, I'll be like, let's find the NGOs. Trump fucking get it. Don't want me as an advisor. I'll be the fuck out. I'll have everyone up there. Yeah. Well, we'll see how it goes. Well, he made Nick Fuentes, met him. So I mean, if Nick and Kanye can meet him. That's true. And you'd say, I have met him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, Trump's a hero. I mean, he's the best. No one's perfect. Yeah. But I think Trump's a hero. Compared to the alternative. I was able to meet him because I got white friends. Because he was.  It's the arch me like to play. Oh, you told me Dwayne didn't know him? He didn't even know who I was. Really? Yeah. And then one of my friends, Jason called me and said, y'all, I got y'all to go see Trump. I said, man, thank you. I've been trying to meet him for the longest. And when we met him, it lived up to my expectations. He's such a genuine, nice dude. Bro, that actually is a good way to see how fucked up this world is. And Twitter is the perfect example of how fucked up the world is. You scrolled Twitter. People like Donald Trump and Elon Musk are hated. How can you hate Elon Musk? How can it's women? It's women. It's women and men who listen to their women. Yeah. That's all it is. Wifejacks. Wifejacks. Wifejacks. It's a wife, Jack. No, you know what? WifeSwap might be a good one. Yeah. Cause I ain't far off. Yeah. But they're swapping. Yeah, swapping, swapping roles. They're breaking waves. Elon bought Twitter. He lets you have an account. He lets you speak freely and you turn on him. Like when Elon was getting all that hate over the H1B1 visas, he remembered he said about letting it in. Yeah.  in people. All that hate want to be like I personally disagree with them. But when I saw everyone attacking me, fucking you love it. I was just like, even though I personally disagree with them, I don't know how you motherfuckers were raised. I just feel like it's his platform and you should just talk a little bit nicer. Just make your point a little bit nicer. It's his. And he's graceful enough to let you do it. He's a better man than me. I was fucked with block. Banned, banned, banned, changed to a flag on top. But I would have fucking fucked with all automated profile pictures. Permanently. I'm a homo. But um, he's been being said dollars for people to talk shit about him. I broke. And it's just like people have no respect anymore. I don't know. But yeah, I just agree with them on that. But in general Trump, Elon, these are heroes. And the fact that they're not talked about the same way George Washington is in America is sad. They deserve in their lifetimes to be treated like heroes. Not only when they're gone. I think they're really saving. I think we've got our Elon and Trump. Yeah, the weak right there beside. Let's talk about those in bringing Indians over. But you can't find Americans for these jobs. You know.  Indians. I don't get on this path. I think they had a bright one in our country. Yeah, as far as annual salary. They work hard, but I think universally they have a stigma attached to them that nobody likes Indians. But I think a lot of it is also a social kind of economic class. If you get the high level Indians, of course, they're different than if you get the street Indians. Same thing with anywhere. Same you get high level American, the street American. They're very different people. But immigration in general is the lowest is the lowest quality of people trying to leave. Like, when I lived in Romania, Romania has like 19 million people and six million remains of abroad. Everyone leaves Romania, or they used to. But and when you see Romania's abroad, a lot of them are thieves or pickpockets or they steal, whereas Romania is so beautiful and nice. And I say, why are all the why's all the thieves stealing abroad and not here? He goes, well, if you want to leave Romania, it's because you're broke. Rich Romania's lover, Romania. The rich ones stay. It's the broke ones who have to leave for money. Right. So that's also part of the problem. Like, if you got the high level Indians, if everyone was smooth talking like for that, I'm sure it would be okay. But  If they're shitting in the street, there's a problem, you know, like it is what it is. Yeah. Hey, um, do you think America's the best place to live? Because you've traveled the globe. Is there any truth to that? Okay, so to answer this question professionally, it depends who you are. And it depends where you are at your station of life. I think America is the best place to live in some ways, but in other ways known. If you're unknown, if you're not really particularly known, but you're law-abiding with a meager or moderate income, there's much better places to live. Like if you lived in Thailand and you're not that well-known, but you're making some money online, and you law-abiding in general, you have a much better life in Thailand than you ever would anywhere in America. But if you're a high profile person who's gonna be law fair attacked, then you wanna be an at least the American legal system, then the Romanian legal system or the Thai legal system. I mean, although this one's rigged, it's the best chance you got. So it kinda depends who you are. Is America the land of opportunity?  like it used to be a bit, but I would argue that the internet is the land of opportunity now. I think all the money's made online and you can amplify your money. You can you can certainly make your money go a lot further in a lot of other places. So if you're making a bit of money online and you leave out leave America all of a sudden you become rich. Dubai is fantastic because there's no taxes as well. 0% income tax. So Dubai is huge competition because Dubai is a fantastic place to live. If you just want to live a life where you have no crime, no stress, no taxes, I mean it's a great place to live. Just don't ever go on the wrong side of the law because you're fucking toast. You're toast. But if you behave yourself, then you should have a great time there. Like they've got clubs, parties, beautiful girls, nice buildings. It's really a great place to pop a rotsies illegal. No one can fall you around. No one can hassle you. No like it's really it's really it's controlled, but they've done a good job with it. Why don't you come in spit on a streak there? No, you can't. You get caught doing that. You get in trouble. They're very strict. But I mean there's no free speech there. Either there's no free speech anywhere, depending what you talk about. Right? But Muslims are like, naturally.  conservative. They are. Exactly. Leaning. Exactly. So if we had this podcast, if you have a podcast in Dubai, you can say whatever you want, because everything you say or things they already agree with, but you couldn't have a liberal podcast in Dubai. But then in America, if you talk about certain subjects, like the Jews, you get a lot of trouble. So every country has its off-limits things. Right. Right. So I would say that Eastern Europe used to be fantastic seven or eight years ago. Now it's changing because it's joined the EU and it's becoming stasie like the rest of Europe. Europe's beautiful to visit, but to live there at ship. So America is probably one of the top places to live, depending who you are. If you're well known, I think America is one of the best places. America or Dubai. Those are the two best places. But if you're not well known and you're making a little bit of money, especially online, I would say that Thailand or something is one of the best places to live. You get a nice little house for pennies. And I'm. I'm looking at a real estate out there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's. Yeah. A coworker. He's been out there. He's a, he loved it. No, Thailand's awesome. Dubai was the best real estate investment I've ever made, but not now. Now they're very expensive. Four years ago, I bought a house in Dubai and it's doubled. It's doubled.  doubled and some in three and a half years. Crazy. Three and a half years. Yeah, because of the Ukraine, Russia, war. So all the Ukrainians and all the Russians were putting their money into buy. So, and they all want the luxury shit. So all the houses went through the roof. Wow. And there's no taxes to buy, no taxes to sell, no taxes on the rent, no inheritance tax, nothing. You just buy it, it's yours done. And you can pay in crypto. That's crazy. So it's pretty easy. Sounds like truth free. Yeah, no, it's pretty good. Like Dubai is weird where you feel so free, but it's actually a very controlled society, but you feel so free, but there's just certain things you cannot do. Just don't break the law. Just don't break the law, yeah. But I actually, you know, when you talk about that subject, it's an interesting one, because the idea of a law abiding citizen is something we all like to think of ourselves as. The problem is, and every single person at home watching this needs to understand that it's impossible in the West to be a law abiding citizen, because none of you have read the fucking law. That's a, I haven't read it, neither have you, neither have you. No one has read the law. So I am prepared to live in a controlled state.  like to buy where I know what the law is. The problem with the West is our laws are so subjective that everybody is permanently innocent and permanently guilty. Look at Trump. They got him on some bullshit. Oh, yeah, 34,000. Oh, he made this transfer, the delight about this. Bullshit, subjectivity. Our laws are so subjective that they can hit anybody with anything. I'll tell you from the human trafficking perspective, I thought human trafficking was beating a girl up. Putting her in chains, dragging her somewhere else chaining her up. Blubber. But they're saying, no, human trafficking is convincing someone to move somewhere else so you can financially benefit. I'm like, what, hiring somebody? Well, convincing somebody to move somewhere else so you can financially benefit. That's what McDonald's does to its fucking workers. Call me here to work and I'll give you money. That's human trafficking effectively. And they're saying that I human trafficking with the lover boy method. Do you know what that is? Being nice. Oh, so I said, hey, yeah, sure, no problem. I'll work together. Yeah, you want to.  I'm a handbag, no problem, I'll buy you a handbag. So because that was nice to her, and I financially incentivized her because I bought her a present. I'm a human trafficker. It's bullshit. My point is they can apply that to anyone. Have you ever bought a girl a present? Boom, you're a human trafficker. So, and they did try to do it in Matt Gates. We looked at it a little bit into his file. They were saying, oh, he paid her because he gave her a handbag or some dumb shit. You can't buy a girl a present. If you don't buy her a present, you're an abusive misogynist. And if you buy it, you're a fucking human trafficker. What did I say about the dualities they put on top of everything on purpose to make it impossible to exist as a man? So every single man in the West is permanently guilty. So the point I'm making is that the buyer's a police state, but you know what the law is. Don't insult, don't insult Islam. Cool. I know the law. From the West, you don't even know what the fucking law is. They can get you at any time, any way they want by making it up. It's gonna be very interesting to see what the Florida AG pulls out of his ass. And when he does, please remind the public, I've been in Florida for eight days in my entire life. So what the fuck is he gonna come up with?  I sat in my house and did Patrick Bette with the podcast. That's it. But I guarantee you comes up with something and it's going to be some subjective bullshit, semi-attached to some ancient bullshit bullshit. That's the problem we have here. So I love the idea of being a law-abiding citizen. We all do. But how can you abide by laws you don't know? And how can you abide by laws that change by other subjectivity anytime the fucking matrix wants when you become enemy of the state? So you can. I can't get around that human trafficking because if I if I paid a prostitute sale in California, I paid a prostitute come from DC and I paid her and I said, as human trafficking. Yeah. That's crazy. When she came willingly. Yeah. But if it's your girlfriend, you pay for to come out there. It's not human. No, it's still is. It's still is. No, no. If your girlfriend flies across state and you give her money in some presence, and then she goes to the police and say, I had sex with him, but I feel like he manipulated me or he tricked me into it. How do you trick you? He was very charming and nice and he gave me some presence. So he tricked you by being charming nice  than giving you money. Yeah. Okay. Human trafficking. You get human trafficking. Yeah. You'll get a human trafficking charge for that. Yeah. That's what I feel about the diddy case. I know he's an asshole. That's why I really stay a video. But it really is guilty of that. When I say, we all are guilty of it. When I'm thinking of him, a truck outstaking, you're taking women against a wheel across the board. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is a key point. Against their will. Remember women or girl bosses plus our equals plus children. It is against her will because you tricked her by being nice to her. You tricked her by buying her presence. So they're saying it's against her will because she was brainwashed by you because you were charming and you gave her a financial incentive. So they will say in a court that you tricked her into coming and having sex with you, via the lover boy method, which is being nice. Yeah. Do you understand that nobody, nobody here has a human trafficked. Everybody. So why do they only arrest certain people for this? Because they know everyone's permanently guilty. They want us to live under a...  government, which is why they hate Elon for trying to remove the laws. They like having so many laws that nobody can read, nobody can understand. So everybody is permanently guilty all of the time so they can pluck and choose who they want to convict. Everyone here is guilty. Everybody. They just pluck and choose who they want to convict. They don't want anyone to be living in a stage, in a point of innocence where they can't get them. That's why they keep the laws so subjective. That's why it's so fucking large. That's why it's impossible to understand. The good thing about Dubai is you know the law. You can just read it and go, okay, these laws are strict. I know what they are. Don't do this. Don't do this. Don't do this. Cool. So the West is really dangerous and it's especially scary to be a man and they use women for all of this. This is why they say I hate women because I talk against feminism because they think I'm a woman here. It's not that. I understand that feminism is the tool they're using to wreck men's lives endlessly and to control men so that we can't resist enslavement endlessly. So yes, I'm against feminism because feminism isn't about equality for women. It's about destroying society, destroying men and putting all of us at the mercy to grow a ball of bullshit.  of us at the mercy to endless charges on garbage. How can you get consent to have sex with a woman if she can retrospectively remove it? How can you get consent if she can take it away when she wants afterwards? Then you never get it. You can never own it. It's never yours. She can say, yes, I consent and sign here. Change her mind even after she signed. She can change her mind. Go to the police. Even if you win the case because you had the contract, you will still be charged. You will still go to court. You will still have legal fees. You will still have your reputation slandered. They will still call you a rapist. You'll still be over the news. You still get perp walked all of it because she changed her mind years later because you didn't buy her a handbag. And if you do buy her a handbag, you're manipulating her because you're a human trafficker. You can't fucking win and they don't want you to be able to win. It is a quagmire that makes it impossible to win on purpose. The only way to win is to not talk to another fucking woman alive. Just don't talk to him ever again. And that's also a large reason why people are fucking going extinct because they're low.  them a checked out of bitches. A lot of them just woke up and go nah. And they just quit because it's impossible to navigate it. Right? So it's truly incredible. But none of it is accidental. All of it is done on purpose. And when they attack me with a human trafficking crap, the fact that they did it directly after COVID on the same day that the Epstein files were first released, they arrested my brother and I. So all of the when Epstein wasn't a substitute file, what was it? Epstein's banking connections. All the bank's Epstein used to know the people who ran his banking accounts. So when you typed in human trafficking, I only showed our names. Not Epstein. That's crazy. Yeah. So the fact that after COVID, after the light about Trump, after he's a convicted felon, after all the lies they say in the media, and they're still slandering my brother and I, they still have endless energy to print terrible things about my brother and I, even though we've never been convicted of any crime ever. And there's people still at home who seem to believe that because we bought a girl a handbag, we're bad people. But these people are just fucking sheep who deserve the slavery that's going to be bestowed upon them by the matrix.  gonna sit there and think that Andrew and Tristan deserve to go to fucking jail for buying their baby mama's handbag. You're gonna you deserve to be a fucking slave and you will be because when people like us are gone, all that's left are pussy's like you and pussy's like you can't resist. Like the people who hate me don't realize I'm fighting for their freedom along with everyone else's. Right. But then never gonna fucking wake up. So it is what it is. But it's truly scary. The Western world and how it operates and how femme centric it's become because it's basically a matriarchy now. If a woman says something it's almost gospel. It's fucking incredible. It's almost gospel now. The woman says something. A man advances something no one cares. It's a man's plane. Well, and and also women are not responsible for any of their own decisions ever, ever, and men are responsible for absolutely everything. If you marry a crazy bitch, I'll say why do you marry that crazy bitch? Whereas no one will say no, if she marries an abusive man, they won't be like why do you marry an abusive man? He was beaten you up before you got married. They'll say he's a he's a predator. They'll blame the man all the time. The man's all the man's fault all the time. Right. Right. Right. So I'm just saying if this is the case, I'm not saying we should even change it. I'm just saying if we're going to live in a world where women have no accountability.  I know responsibility and nothing they ever do is their own fault then they should listen to men And if they're not gonna listen to us then they're responsible for their own shit I'm perfectly fine with equality now you're equal pay your own fucking bills Yeah, go on pay your own bills and look after your fucking self. Yeah, for you know what you realize I don't want a quality At all. They want a big strong rich misogynist. You're gonna pay for their shit. That's what I've always wanted right So fucking is crazy right But there was a lot of rumors about Jeffrey Epstein. He was actually working for misogyn The Jewish agent blackmailing all the politicians here in America I think that it would be prudent to assume that anybody who had intel on politicians anywhere in the world would be working with a competing intelligence agent somewhere else And you could argue that massage is not a competing intelligence agency to the American one But that would be very foolish all intelligence agencies are competing the Americans and the British smile on each other So let's even if we remove the whole Jewish conspiracy  because that's what we're gonna say we're conspiracy. We're in spiritory. Right. Let's be sensible. Anybody who has intel on American politicians, the most valued politicians on the planet, is gonna be an intelligence asset for basically any other intel agency on the planet. The Chinese are gonna want him, the Russians are gonna want him, the Israelis are gonna want him, everyone's gonna want him. Because he can manipulate. Because he can be manipulated, and he knows things. So if we could find some kind of tedious link to the Israelis through Epstein, which I'm sure would not be too hard to do, I'm very nervous. Then you would argue, of course he worked from Assad, of course he was an intelligence agent. Right. You'd be fooled to believe otherwise. Matt Gates said it, but he didn't say it was Israel. He implied it. I just feel in the blanks. Yeah. He implied it. Yeah, he implied it. And all the Republicans run around, oh, the Clinton's killed him. Because they believe everything Fox News says. Yeah. It's, it's, I don't think it was the Clinton's, but it was certainly somebody. But that was actually a turning point for the world, the Epstein assassination. Because before that,  They lied to us. Before that, they used to have to try and hide what they were gonna do. I feel like before Epstein, it was far more, they would try and subver us. They would tell big lies and try and trick us into doing what they wanted to do. And the smart ones would know they're lying, but most of the sheep would know it's bullshit. But the Epstein thing put them in a very difficult situation because they sat around in a room somewhere and said, okay, he's in jail. If we kill him, they're gonna know we kill them. We can't do that, they're gonna know. I'm like, okay, but we have to. And there was two competing sides. One side saying we literally can't kill him, they're gonna find out. And the other side saying, well, we have no choice. So we have to do it. And then they killed him expecting riots, expecting mass backlash, and they got memes. So they sat there and go, oh, so they all know we did it and they didn't do shit. So now let's just carry on doing shit that they know we're doing, like rigging elections, like lying about fucking COVID. Let's just fucking continue to just do shit that they know we made up. Let's steal the money for transgender parents and Tanzania. Let's just fucking just do it all in broad daylight because these people won't do a fucking thing about it. Because most people are sheep.  So they learn after that point that they can do whatever the fuck they want and we won't do shit I feel like since that day they've just been a lot more open with what they're doing anyone who believes they're sending a hundred million to Transgender parents and trans and he is a fucking real They're stealing your money and they're stealing your money and these people are now sitting at home going Okay, they caught us stealing the money while tail will do let's take not point not not one percent of it and pay for some Protesters to stick up for not finding the money we steal let's get some white women and put them outside and give them 50 bucks a day to start complaining that we're finding the money and they'll go stand outside all day and their church is paying their expenses Their church is paying their expenses for the day to stick up against the tyranny of Elon Musk And they stand up there say no, he loans bad so they can continue to fucking break the system now. It's very obvious what they're doing Yeah, the problem with that is we're only one stage now from force because typically you deceive Let's apply it to something everyone at home understands. Let's apply it to our relationship Something everyone at home understands you're a man. You're with a woman. You're cheating on your woman. You try and hide it at first  You're trying to see if eventually you get caught and you just start telling her straight. Yep. I'm cheating on you. If she continues to be a problem and you're never going to break up, the only four, the only step left from that is for you to continue doing it and use force. That's when you start hitting her and being abusive. So we're now at a stage now in society where they're going to continue to do whatever the fuck they want. They're going to do it right open in front of us and if we're too much of a problem, they're going to do what they did to me. They're going to attack you. Law fair. They no longer lie and deceive. Now they just do it in the open and if you talk about it, you catch a case. That's the new paradigm. Like January 6th, we rigged the election. We know we did. Yo, you're complaining. So it's a very scary world to live in now unless Trump fixes everything and he has a monumental task ahead of him. But now they're going to continue to do whatever the fuck they want and anyone who highlights it too much and talks too tough like me is going to catch cases and then you're going to go to court, a fair court of law with a judge. You get fucking direct because if the matrix is going to, I mean, let's be, let's be prudent. Let's be smart. This is why I said it was so amazing. I beat my Romanian case because  I think Romania in many ways, although they fucked me, was kind of a good place to get a criminal case because the judges are not ideologically aligned, left and right. They're all right. All of my Romanians are conservative. They don't give a shit. I say women can't drive, because they know women can't drive. They don't care. So I felt like in many ways, not a fairer chance in Romania than I do in America, to be honest, I guess I'm liberal fucking judge. I'm fucking toast. So if you're gonna set up a hit job on someone, let's say you're gonna plan to kill somebody, you're gonna plan how to drive there, how to break into their house, but when you get to kill them, you're not gonna bring a gun because you didn't plan that part. No, you're gonna plan the whole thing the whole way fucking through. So how you gonna plan to set someone up, purp walk him, put him on the news, lie about him, come up with a fake charge, and then put it in court, and not predict the ending. You're gonna leave it up to what? Guessing, fake, fuck no. You know, and they go say, oh, we've choose to jury. Yeah, the jury's influenced, because the jury's all influenced by the fucking mainstream media. And now you've got these social media algos. You got our phones that know everything about us. You're telling me they can't find a jury where people who are,  Angling Andrew takes sucks on his phone, but they fucking can. So the jury set up, the judges set up, it's all fucking set up head to toe. It's a set up and to hit job to get rid of you. That's why directing instead of fucking champs, they're not gonna do half a job, you don't do half an assassination, you do the whole fucking thing. So I would argue that even this, Florida AG and Ron DeSantis, that they were really concerned, they could have done all this shit and pop private. They could have said, Andrew takes back, look into him. Didn't have to say word to nobody. So why are they preparing the public from my arrest? Why are they talking about how bad I am on the news all the time? Why did Byron, whose Ron's competitor get told by his team, you need to say, Andrew's a bad guy. Who in charge of all of this is said, every time Andrew's name's on the media, prepare everyone for his arrest. Tell everyone it's a bad guy and he deserves it. This is a set up. It is a set up and they're gonna arrest me, and they're gonna fucking perp walk me. And I'm saying it here now, and I've been Florida eight days. I've never done anything, but that's what they're gonna do. And a bunch of deep shit.  I'm gonna start recirculating it saying I'm guilty. You think about going back to Romania? You can't run from the American government friend. Yeah, right. It's not like there's nobody go. What the fuck are you gonna go? I ran, Russia, North Korea. If America wants you, they're gonna get you. There's nowhere else on the world you can go if America wants you. They put a fucking warrant out. They're gonna get me. Plus, I'm not really the running type. Right. I what I want to be, if I have to look at my life and how it's all gonna end, I want to at least be a poison toad. You can eat me, but you're gonna damage your reputation massively for doing it. I'll go to jail. I'll go to jail. I've had a great life. I'm 38. I've had a fantastic life. I'll go to the next 30 years and jail fine. I really don't give a fuck. I'll go to jail, but people are going to be mentioning the fact that you're fucking corrupt forever. I'll take that, that trade. But I'm gonna make them do what they don't want to do. What they actually want to do, which is what they did via the Romanian's UK Foreign Office, what they want me to do is run and then use a foreign system to wreck me. What they want me to do is say, ah, America's after me, I'm gonna go live in India.  and then get picked up by an Indian cop and get accused of having weed in my car or some dumb shit and get put in Indian jail. And that's what they want to do. They want to leave me there and not fucking help me. Like they did with the Romanians when they told the Romanians get rid of me and the American Embassy didn't fucking help me and they just left me there. Left me to fucking raw. Knowing that was a bullshit case. No it was made up because they were told to do it. They want to use foreign judicial systems. So I'm gonna argue, no, if you want to do a fucking hit job on me, you're gonna have to do it in Florida. In front of everyone, in the public, you're gonna have to come out and tell everyone what I've done and put all the case files out there and we have to do it in public. You're really intending on doing it because they are because they're setting up the media to do it, which is why they're talking so publicly. Right. It's a fucking setup. It's a setup and it's scary to a degree. I should be a lot more afraid than I am, but this has been four years of my life now. It's amazing how quickly the human mind can adapt. All I expect is this shit. Every day I wake up, but who's next? So it is what it is. Yeah. It's what it is. And any single details on the case when this bullshit happens, whether I'm in jail or not, I'll make sure you get all of them. So you can tell everybody what fucking garbage you're coming at me with for being in Florida for eight fucking.  eight days. It's incredible. I didn't get to anybody if they get to Republicans. People you are really look up to. Bro, I, I'll volunteer the information about you. Yeah. For no evidence, I was like, that's really weird. It's extremely weird. And I am, I am, I wouldn't say, like I said, I wouldn't say I'm shocked. I know the kind of control they have. It's, it's all power games, right? If you're playing a game of chess, you're prepared to sacrifice us upon or a piece or anything it takes to win. Ron's desperate to get his wife as governor. Byron's desperate to win. There's too many people who are desperate to win who are prepared to throw me under a bus. They don't give a shit. There's no individual law, there's no individual liberty, there's no law and order. All of that's made up. So all power games. It's kind of interesting if you want to- It's violence. Yeah, it's violence. If you want to understand government and you want to understand politics, sell drugs on the street, you'll understand it all. It's territory, it's violence, it's fucking traitors, it's snakes, it's people working with the feds. It's all this shit. It's exactly the same at the top. They don't give a fuck about me. Either one of them will sell me out.  for fucking anything, they don't care. And I think both of them have been told that I'm toast, and that's what they're talking about, like that's why I think. And I'm not saying that as an admission of guilt, at all, because I've done nothing. Especially in Florida, they have jurisdiction in Florida. I have literally not left my house, so I don't have a fucking clue what they're intending on doing. Scary. So when they arrest me, it shows how scary it is. And I hope every American at home also understands that it's supposed to be the basic rule of law is, oh look, we've identified a crime. Let's find who did the crime. It's not supposed to be, look, we've identified a man. Let's find crime to pin on the man. That's communism. That's Joseph Stalin. That's Russia. That's everything we went and fought against. That's the reason we had the forgotten war in Korea where thousands of men died. That's the reason North and South Korea is split to this day. That's the reason all those young Americans died in Vietnam. That's the reason my father served in the Air Force. That's the reason we were all proud to be American to fight against communism. That was all fucking point of it. That's why I have the passport. And I land home in the country, which I was born in, which my father served for. And I'm a fucking welcome. Why?  Because a liberal George Soros funded NGO lied to the Romanian news and now Ron DeSantis is gonna pretend anything the fucking Romanian say matters because if it does I bust my case if you listen to the Romanians I'm innocent So what the fuck you even talking about right? It's a setup head to toe man. Yeah head to toe Well if anybody can survive I think you can't you very strong wheel So come visit me and jail I had a fucking pissed on my self and gave up I'm gonna dress right now come to promise to come visit me. It's all I want you're Roman. Oh, Jail here. Oh, yeah, all right I'm putting some money on your books. Thank you, bro. Thank you, sir. I appreciate I'll get some ramen I'm like these are hot twins ramen. I hope you guys I hope you guys famous around the block right I got it. I got it Don't worry. Thank you for coming. Thank you, sir. Yeah, we say thank you. Yeah