 What do you say if a guy was working an into five, married to women, had a couple of kids, going these two or three whole years a year, and he said to you, he was happy. I'll take congratulations. I would genuinely say congratulations, if you're happy with that, and I know that's a pretty normal setup. If you're happy with that, absolutely congratulations, and I don't look down on you, that's perfectly fine. But some men are just not born that way. Some men are born with something else inside of them, with a fire inside of them, which cannot be extinguished by beans on toast, TV at night, nine to five, sitting around with your wife. Some men are not satisfied with that. I know me as an individual, I could not be satisfied with that. That doesn't mean I look down on the people who are. Absolutely, congratulations. But my time on the planet, I guarantee, will be more eventful. I will die with more stories. I would have made a bigger ripple in space time, because I refuse to comply with just the average, this is okay, you'll be happy with this. Take it. I think a man should have...  absolutely no interest in whether he's actually happy or not. If I wake up and I'm unhappy, I will do the exact same things as if I am happy. I will go to the gym the same. I will work the same. How I feel has no impact on how I live my life. I don't think happiness as an index is a healthy view for a man to have on life success. For a man, if you're waking up and going, ah, am I happy? Am I not? You're looking at life wrong. I think as a man, if you put happiness far, if you move it down the scale, right? And you start looking at am I successful? Am I competent? You know, am I achieving things? Am I respected? If you start to look at these indicators of your life, you're gonna end up being happier without actually analyzing if you're happy or not. So for me, I understood very, very well that half a million dollars a month is good, but a million dollars a month is better. And I also very, very much understood that as soon as you stop pushing forward, as soon as you go stagnant, you're dying.  Right? As soon as you stay in one place, you're slowly on the way down. Bro, if there was a golden tap that unlimited money, and you had buckets, and you took one bucket of money, would you just take that bucket or would you run back and get another by and run back and run? I couldn't stop, I couldn't sleep. I remember walking to Six Form College, I was 16, or 17 with my four friends, and a Ferrari burnt past us. I said to my boys, I was like, man, how'd that guy get that car and I was like, don't know. I was like, doesn't that annoy you? Like, why would it annoy me? Because we're going to school, our parents are on a council of states. Like, we're trying to scrape 20 pounds a week to eat. This dude has 400 grand for a car. Doesn't that aggravate you? Doesn't that show you that there's something about the world you do not understand? That you're missing something, and they're all like, not really. And they're all the dudes who are right now at home, nine to five, and I was never that guy. I was pissed off for weeks, because I saw some dude in his Ferrari. Correct. Most of you got to absolutely...  not be right. The first time you've begun your indoctrination for the matrix is inside the educational system. Someone very smart to me told me, Andrew, they're gonna kill you. And I said, I know. And he said, because you can't be bigger than certain systems. You can't be bigger than a judicial system. No one's allowed. You're not allowed to be bigger than an educational system. If you start teaching people that there's a better way than the educational system, they will get rid of you because it is a racket and it makes a whole bunch of money and they don't want you telling the truth about it. You have to shut up. And I said, hmm, interesting. Then I decided I'm unafraid, unfazed, kill me. I'd never kill myself, come kill me. So I'm gonna sit here and tell what I believe to be true because that makes me feel good inside of my heart and I trust in God and I die, I die. So they lie to you in school. School is not designed to help you escape the matrix. If that was the case, the matrix would break down. School is designed to prepare your mind for slavery within the matrix.  Most of you intrinsically understand this very simple thought experiment Three in the morning you're in a gas station you're in your car you're in your toyoa because you're all broke You're sitting there filling up with gas you see a Lamborghini pull up And a guy gets out three in the morning on a Tuesday and you look at him in his Lambo and you look all of his money Do you think wow he must have got a really good degree? Or do you think drug dealer criminal gangster? You intrinsically look to crime not because you think he's a criminal But because you understand that if you if you stay within the rules of the matrix if you stay within the parameters of society You cannot achieve extraordinary things you know intrinsically he's broken some rule to get where he is So you you assume crime now he's probably not a criminal in fact in my experience and trust my group in a very rough area A lot of criminals do not have a fraction of the money you think they do But you intrinsically understand following the path of school college university  degree, job, debt, mortgage is never going to get you that car. So you know he had to do something else. So you already know intrinsically in your heart, it's bullshit. And as the internet has taken hold of earth, it's actually a miracle to me that anybody goes to university at all. It was in 1975 and I wanted to learn about... Fuck no, it was broke. Dolphins. I'd have to go to university and learn about dolphins. Hey, hi. Hi, what's your name? My name's Andrew. I have a really keen interest in dolphins. All right, weirdo. Sit down over here. So here's how a dolphin dick works. People are weird, bro. So anyway, you have to go to school to learn about dolphins. Cool. But now if you want to look at dolphins, just Google it. Like what do you need to go to a uniform? Information's at your fingertips. I know your two busy jerks are off on Porton Hub to realize you can find out anything you fucking want in seconds, almost. Right? So the whole idea...  a lot of these degrees and things used to learn are insane. I'm gonna make a really side point here. I'm actually kinda glad that there's so many nerds in the world because some of the stuff that they do is actually important. So I'm gonna make a caveat here. Like, I can't explain to you how much money you would have to pay me for me to go count fish. Hey, Andrew, do you wanna be a marine biologist? Well, that sounds cool. What do we do? Well, we go out a boat and then we go out to the ocean and then what we do is we count how many fish there are and we compare it to the last time we count in fish and then we see if there's more fish or less fish. Okay. And how much do I get paid to count fish? Oh no, no. You don't get paid very much. You have to go to university for five years and get in debt. And then if you're lucky, you get a job as a marine biologist and then you get to pay off debt for the rest of your life to get a broke and count the fish.  No, I don't want to do that. But I'm glad someone is out of their mind and finds that attractive and appealing. Because if no one counted the fish, I guess all the fish would die. And maybe I'm sentimental, but I like the idea of the ocean having some fish in it. I wouldn't want a fish-lish, fish-lith ocean. Where's all the fish? No one counted them. Now it's zero. So someone has to count the fish. I'm smart enough to understand someone has to count the fish. I just don't understand why you would wanna do that. Why don't you just wanna get rich as fuck instead? Andrew, what do you wanna do? I wanna get really rich and really strong and grow loads of muscle and buy loads of fast cars and a jet. What do you wanna do? I wanna be a marineologist. I wanna study the reproduction habits of sea urchins. I can Google right now how do sea urchins get pussy? And there's an answer. Somebody knows. Somebody knows the sea urchins waking up, looking for girls. Someone studied this. Who studied this?eta  I'm glad someone did and I'm glad it's not me So it's actually a fucking miracle that anyone does any of this shit for the meager We the meager compensation they receive monetarily It's it's it's truly remarkable. So I'm glad But if you're like me and you when someone comes to you goes you want to count fish? You're like fuck no Fucking fish no bro. No. It's the same with all this shit. We need geologists Hey Andrew What do you want to go look at the dirt? No, yeah, but don't you understand the dirt was different in 25 years ago the dirt was different and a thousand years ago The dirt was different and we dig a big hole where you can compare the dirt What How much do I get paid for this? Oh, no, you don't get paid you go to university and you're giving lots of money and you're getting debt I  You're lucky, you're getting internship, and then you get to go on a hike, you get to walk for four days with a yellow hard hat on, to the middle of nowhere and dig a hole, and look at the dirt! Brawf! Billions! I'm like, ha! Brawf! How much money you got? Wait, there's gonna take a how much of my life? I want ten billion dollars! Top G, the G stands for geologist. Let's be out your fucking mind, Brawf. No interest. At all. But, that's what university is for. It's for people who are just a different mindset to me, and I'm not insulting them, I'm glad they exist. But it ain't me. And it was previously for people who needed to know shit. You know what the worst degrees are? We always make fun of liberal arts degrees, and all these stupid pointless degrees, which a bunch of people do. But they're not actually all that useless, because let's say you do a liberal arts degree from the right university. If you go to the right company, some leftist and sanity company, you'll get a job. Even though you have a bullshit. The...  If you've gone to the right uni and you go to the right stupid company, you can still get a job I've always been amazed by language degrees Imagine you're American No, even worse. I'm at your Canadian Lane you wake up. You're Western, right you wake up You go to college blah blah you go to uni you get accepted lucky you I've never understood that either the acceptance thing They accepted me What they accept you for for my classes They accepted to take your money Is that what they accepted you for I got accepted at McDonald's when I gave him $7 for a happy meal they accepted my money, too What's the point no you don't understand I tried really hard and I did all the tests and now they'll let me give them money Rough are you dumb like I don't I don't understand how anyone falls for this shit What's right? You're fucking mine if I go accepted pay me Andrei accepted you into Cambridge safe how much do I get paid  Oh, you want me to pay you? Well I don't accept. Dom. So people get accepted. And then what are you studying? German. I'm majoring in German. Bro, why would you be a 24 year old full grown adult in America? Majoring in German. When every 13 year old in Germany speaks perfect English and perfect German that they learn from cartoons and TikTok. You think of an international company once someone who speaks German and English. They can't go to Germany and just get someone. They all speak English. I've been to Germany. I haven't. I've been through all the Nordics, so all of Europe have been to 92 countries. I don't think I've ever met anyone. I've lived in Romania eight years. I don't speak Romanian. I speak perfect English to everyone and they speak perfect English back. Why the fuck are you laughing? You're majoring in German. Someone make this make sense to me. I want a tangent here. This is what we want. What the show is about. In any sense.  I've got my degree in German! What do you say, yay in German? YAAA! Now what? Now what- now what you gonna do? Great, go to Germany and speak English? DUMMY! DUMBRO! A lot of people know they're shit-stupid, but then they sit and go, yeah, well, I don't go uni, what else am I supposed to do? Hmm, I don't know. Maybe... make a bunch of money, maybe become a kickboxing world champion, maybe train hard and become strong, maybe learn things that actually matter, I don't know, maybe. I mean, maybe time is the most valuable thing any of us have. Maybe money isn't even as valuable as our time, and the money you're gonna put- you're gonna spend on this bullshit and put yourself in debt, isn't even as detrimental as the years you're gonna waste. Maybe, I don't know, maybe. But across your mind, that wasting five years of your prime- your prime years as a human, your most energetic years as an individual, you're gonna waste studying German.  for what? To learn what? How do you say banana in German? Who knows? Who cares? I don't care. But to prove my point, I'm going to tell you, I'm benigni, I haven't majored in German, Google translate. Well, let me show you. In the olden days, you have to go to uni for this. Now we have the internet. Banana. Banana in Swedish is banana. It was already set to Swedish. Don't know why. We'll choose German. Banana. That's how you say you went to uni for that? Instead of B-A-N-A-N-A, it's B-A-N-A-N-E. They've changed one layer. You went to uni and spent how much money? Hundreds of thousands of dollars to learn banana. Brof. Joke King. And you wonder what you're fucking broke?  You must be stupid. You may as well go count fish. How do you say fish in German? If it's the same I swear to God fish is Fish I know German already fish instead of FISH is FISCH it's fish This is the biggest scam Everyone's been scammed since the beginning I've worked it all out. It's a fucking lion of scam Unbelievable Unbelievable Jesus. Is anything in this world real anymore? Everything on the news is a fucking lie Germans a lie Canada's a lie. It's all a lie. I think a lot of those things come from love Let's let's analyze this I think a lot of those things come from love I think it's very difficult to do nearly anything important if it's not Perhaps two degree driven  love or the desire for love even. I think the reason a lot of men want to become rich is because they want to feel loved or feel important or to matter. I also feel like the reason that a lot of men do the things they do is is for love either of themselves or of someone else. I think the reason men go to work is because they love their family. The reason you go to the gym is because you love yourself. I think that love is a very powerful driving force. I certainly feel love. My world is full of love. Like I would argue I'm one of the most loved people in the book. Like if I check my phone it's just love. It's endless emails of people I don't know who love me, endless females who do know me love me, endless pictures of children saying they missed me. Like I'm a very loved person in a very loved world. I love a lot of people. You love. I absolutely love. But because I believe in myself so strongly I feel like the way I love them is to have a degree of authority over them.  Not in a crazy psychopathic way, but in a I love you so you should do this. Right. I love you so act this way. I love you so don't do that. Almost in the same way a parent loves a child. You love your child so you don't let them eat candy all day. Because you love them. I'm like that with everyone in my life. Because I see myself as the most competent person on the planet. So I'm like I love you, I care about you. You shouldn't do this this way. Right. Because you may think you know better, but you're you don't you don't know better than me. I know best and this is how it should be. Absolutely very it's a that's a very astute question and you're asking because you already know the answer. And you already know the answer. Of course only love can do. Yeah, only love can do it. And it's the most powerful driving force on the face of the planet. It always has been. And it's only when people are going to wake up and have a true love for themselves, love for the community and love for their children and love for these things that we're going to start to resist to evil and the Satanism and the insanity which is coming in the world today. But I believe as a man at least.  your love only has value when you're capable, which is why my may or perhaps I'm so obsessed with capability because I want my love to have value. We talked about how time has value when you're at a certain echelon. I would also argue that love has value in our certain echelon. If I'm in love with a girl, she can get a lot more from that love than if a Joe Schmosen love with her, right? So my love has value because I have value. So I have to build myself and especially as a man, if you want to feel love, then you want to give love, the more capable you become, the more valuable your love is going to be and that's certainly how we're going to fix the world. So yeah, the answer is love, of course, but it can't just be blind, empty love. It has to be love that is backed by a brutal harsh capability, which is born in the worst scenarios you're going to endure as a man. And the world, its baseline is a very brutal place. It can be. And I think that becoming comfortable with those scenarios and becoming capable in those scenarios is how you give your love.  deep true value but I think that yeah love is the answer right love is the answer but I don't want to end I don't want no but we have to make this clear because most people misunderstand what love is no because you say love is the answer coming from they've hijacked the word love now and they've confused the word love with tolerance and a complete lack of boundaries and they're saying if you love if you're a loving person you accept all this garbage no I disagree with that you just said a very important thing you said father's love a father's love comes with tests and trials and tribulations what does a dad even traditionally do for his son take him out there push him into pool let him struggle a bit get him out put him on the bike let him fall over help him get up yet you have to go through the bad things to be rewarded and the bad things to learn that's how a father typically loves and a father also loves by saying no no you cannot do that so you nailed it by how society needs a father's love completely true society is actually hijacked the word love and tried to convince you  that you don't need the Father's love, perhaps you need this unconditional love, which is more like a mother's love. If you want to gender it, perhaps. Yeah. So it's unconditional. You can act without honor, you can act without courage, you can act without discipline, and you'll be loved anyway just because you exist. I don't believe that for myself. I believe if I start, if I remove all my morality, I will not just be loved by default, not by my family, not by God, not by society. I don't believe that. And the people who do believe that, who think I should be loved just for how I, just for existing, regardless of how I act and what I think, those are some of the most evil people in the planet. I truly believe. And they're also some of the most unsuccessful and unspecacular. And they're the people who are out here genuinely trying to change the side in a direction which has never been tested, which I believe is going to lead down to the depths of hell, truly. I think it's evil. So yeah, I agree with you, Father's love is important, but love, and in of itself, how's boundaries? Love is strict. Love is hard. Love is a hard emotion. Fears. Love is fierce. Love is not an emotion of love. Do whatever you want. It's the opposite.  Love is, no, you have to do this. I believe love is a very hard, very strong emotion. And if I think of how, let's say I have two women, one I love, one I don't love, and I enjoy both of their company, I'm harder on the one I love. I expect more from her in terms of how she acts. I expect more from her in terms of how she speaks to me. I expect more from her in how she presents herself to the world. The more I love her, the more I expect of her, the more parameters I want to put on her in regards to how she should behave. Because I love her. Love is a hard emotion. So yeah, love wins, but not in the way that people think love. They've hijacked the word love and convinced people that love means, I tolerate everything. That's not love. Interesting. And what I will do, and I will take away from this conversation, is I will definitely have moments of presence. I mean, I'm human. I do have like a couple of minutes where I sit and just look around and go, you know, life's not all that bad. Of course. But I will perhaps try and dedicate a little bit more time. Maybe I can turn two. I'll see if I can allocate three minutes instead of two.  towards presence and see how that makes me feel overall. It's interesting that you said when you're present, you feel love. I actually completely agree with that. I can't think of a time I've been present and felt anything other than gratefulness. Just to look around and go, you know what? Yeah, everything's fine. Yeah. In fact, even in jail that happened. Even in jail, I had moments of presence and I looked around and goes, this is not nearly as bad. As like the media saying it is and the woman on the phone are crying and everyone's panicking, you know what? I'm not in a trench. I'm probably not going to get blown up. If a fire started, could I get through that steel door? If anyone could, it's me. I'm not on a submarine in World War II. There's no depth charges. I'm not a car crash. Yeah. It's fine. Cup of tea. It's fine. I did have those moments, right? So when you come to a moment, yeah, when you come to a moment of presence, even in a terrible scenario, it often ends up love. You're right. And.  I certainly have felt them and I certainly could do it. My rationale would be, my argument would be, does that make me more powerful? You're arguing it does and maybe perhaps I need to try it. Whereas I would typically up until this conversation, I would say, I don't have time for that. I have things to do. So that's where it all comes down to. And then it comes down to, like I said earlier, am I here as a human to enjoy my experiences of human and enjoy being in this vessel and have as much fun as possible and be as present as possible? Or am I here to make the biggest impact I can possibly make? And build a legacy? And of course, probably like most things in life, the answer somewhere in between the two is probably some balance. Perhaps I'm slightly out of balance and that's why I am living the life I am. But I'm not unhappy with it. And if I was unhappy with it, it wouldn't change anything. Absolutely not. The purpose of life is to be competent and successful. If you try and base your life and your mentality, purely around how happy you are, you'll end up hedonistic and destroyed. I think that as a man, your happiness comes from feeling  respected, over feeling loved. And the reason perhaps you're happy now is because you have more respect for yourself because of the decisions you're making and have self-respect. And I think that a lot of men, even if they have self-respect, if nobody else respects them, they're struggling. I have no interest in me, happy. I wake up and say, how can I be proud of myself? What can I achieve that makes me proud of myself? How can I do things that make other people respect me and are proud of me? How do I have a day which I complete when I come home? The woman who's in my house says, wow, there's no man like you. How do I live a life so my children look at me and go, dad's a superhero. How do I make my mother call me and say, I'm never, I couldn't possibly be more proud of you. I have duties to complete. I live, I have to live the exact same life regardless of how I feel. So for me, happiness is not a good indicator on how life should be lived. Happiness to me is a super interesting concept because when people come to me and say, I'm not happy, I say, why should you be happy? But like, what do you mean? I said, who told you you should be happy all the time without working for it? Happiness is at the top of a mountain somewhere. You ain't been anywhere, you haven't even climbed it. Nobody cares about men being happy.  We talk about winning being happy. We want children to be happy. If you look at a folk-owned man on Christmas morning He's smiling because his wife is smiling. He's smiling because his children are smiling Nobody even buys him anything. What do they buy the dad socks? Nobody cares about me And being happy. So why do you and man care about you being happy? That's how you're gonna fall into these traps I'm a very I'm a very content person. I live a fantastic life I'm not miserable or depressed. I'm not sad ever But I don't wake up and go. I want to be happy today. No, sir. I wake up and say okay things must be done And those things will be completed regardless of how I feel regardless of how I feel you can look me in a dungeon For unknown amount of time in a remain in Romania And I will still complete as many push-ups as I can possibly do in the dark by myself. What else am I gonna do sit there and be sad Happy or sad the push-ups must be done It's called duty. It's called honor. It's called pride So I'm asking you why you don't have them you could be a genuine force for good in the world and know what's funny The funniest thing the most  ironic thing about all of this is that if you don't prioritize happiness and you prioritize feeling proud of yourself you end up happy by extension. I'm happy because I'm proud of myself because I have a fantastic life and mansions and supercars and money, most famous man in the world, thousands of love letters a week from beautiful women, of course I'm happy but I didn't ever choose to try and be happy. If I would have chosen to try and be happy it would have never ended up happy. I don't want a woman to ever go through anything bad in her life. I think a man should go through it for her and protect her because I think that's how she's her best self as a woman but I think to be your best self as a man is the absolute opposite and when someone emails me and says, this has happened to me. I'm like good. No, what do you mean good? It's terrible. How else are you going to become important? How else are you going to find endless fire to get up and struggle in the face of the competition that's out here in the world? How else are you ever? You're going to do all that with a nice, cushty life? If any man's honest with himself, think about the biggest transformative stages in your life. Think about the time...  you've got the most work done. It was a bad part of your life. You were heartbroken or you'd lost a house or broke or whatever. That's when you did shit. When everything was fine, the mortgage is paid, dinner's on time. It's kind of dupe, dupe, dupe, dupe, little by little, doing a little bit of work, doing a little bit of relax. But the big events come from trauma. This is it. So it's a cheat code. It's a cheat code to climb the mountain. So when I get a message from whoever and he goes, my wife left me, I'm devastated. I say, I understand. I completely understand how hard it can be to lose a woman that you've given your entire life to. And you've been done so many nice things. And then because of one thing you did, her innate and absolutely insane level of ungratefulness has turned her bitter and she now talks to you like she hates you over one thing you've done. After thousands of efforts showing how dedicated you are to her. And even now that you're prepared to  doesn't give a shit about you. I understand that pain, but my answer is good. It's still good. Now take all of that pain, instead of emailing me, do this. And then you're gonna become the kind of person that women don't leave. Then you win. I think everybody on the planet has something to prove. If you walk through life and feel like you have nothing to prove than your loser. If you wake up each day and go, I don't owe anybody anything. I don't have to prove anything to anybody than you are a loser because you are absolutely incorrect. You must prove yourself to other people. You must prove yourself to your bloodline as we just discussed. You must prove yourself to God. God hates the lazy. He can't stand them. If he gives you all these genetic dispositions and these natural God-giving gifts, if you have two arms and two legs and you could think and you're not trying your absolute best, that's the reason you're not lucky. He doesn't like you. He likes the people which show him the beauty of his own creation. He likes to give somebody building blocks and them to build something amazing. It's the best thing about being a man. You have to build who you are. You can decide if you want to be a funny comedian or a musician or a kickbox, you will choose.  or fight the matrix, you decide whatever you want to be. God loves to see that. Those people, for some reason, seem to be enormously lucky. Right? The person who goes, I don't have to prove anything to God. I don't owe all of my ancestors any effort. You know, for 5,000 years, people were dodging saber suit, tooth tigers, and catching the plague, and running from Genghis Khan. I don't owe them anything, though I would have a thing, because I want to play video games. These people are losers. I wake up every day with something to prove. I have hundreds of millions of dollars. I'm in fantastic shape, four times world champion. Fighting the matrix out here by myself, more. I will have to be braver. I must try harder. All I do is prove myself. So when I hear people go, I don't want to have nothing to prove. Then your own loser, peasants have never felt like they needed to prove anything. But kings felt like they needed to go in Conquer land. Isn't that coincidental? That the king who already had it all felt like they needed to go to some far-flung land and conquer it and take it and prove he's the king. But the peasants.  I don't prove nothing nobody. You're a loser then. You're a dummy. I absolutely and utterly completely have everything to prove to everybody all of the time. That's who I am. I will prove anything to anybody. If I sit and say X, I will prove it. Happiness is the number one thing that must be earned. And I'll tell you that my happiness is based on very real world achievements. I couldn't be happy of Osbroke. I couldn't be happy of Osobese. I couldn't be happy of Oslonely. I couldn't be happy of Osn't respected. I couldn't be happy if I couldn't whoop of dudes ass. I couldn't be happy in those scenarios. So I made sure none of them scenarios came true. I have earned my happiness via hard work. It's the top of a mountain which I have climbed. I deserve it. I deserve to go to sleep with the smile on my face. That's why I can deserve. And every single guy who hasn't got it probably doesn't deserve it. The universe is very giving and very fair. People seem to think that the world is unfair and those are all the same people who tell themselves they're unlucky. I actually believe the opposite. I believe the universe is a very giving place. I believe God is a very giving being. And that thing, the world all and all generally balances out and is pretty fair. If you're the kind of person who deserves a good life and works their ass off and genuinely wants it and tries very hard.  Guess what you get 99% the time? A good life. And for the kind of person who doesn't really deserve it, slacks three days a week, a little bit lazy, snakes his friends, talks behind people back, blah, blah, blah, guess what? Your life thing, all that good. The universe is pretty fair and pretty balanced. I've yet to meet somebody who gets up every day, does what they're supposed to do, works hard, goes to the gym, then goes to work, does their best, makes her money, looks after it, is sensible, doesn't blow it, et cetera, et cetera, who then fails. I have never met anybody who fails when they do all the right things. The universe is a very fair and giving place all in all. There are very few exceptions to that. So when I see somebody who doesn't have the success they want, especially when I see, let's say, a group of people don't have the success they want, there's no way you're all exceptions to that rule. You may want something, but you certainly don't deserve it. And that's why you don't have it. You shouldn't wake up and say, how happy am I today? How does that affect how I act? That's not how I operate. I wake up and say, what must be done? What will allow me to be proud of myself? What will allow me to achieve? And those things will be done regardless of how I feel. And those are how that's how the most successful people on earth all operate.  People on earth don't only do things because they feel happy about doing them. If you never make a mark on the world, then you effectively never existed. And when you're gone, nobody will care. And that's very important because you have a duty to your ancestors and you have a duty to God. So you must make a choice. And this is genuine choice to you people at home. Do you want to live in obscurity forever and be invisible and not matter and have an easier life? I would argue that it's not easier because in your heart and in your soul you're going to feel guilty knowing you could have been something you're not. Or do you want to try your absolute best and struggle and suffer every day of your life paying the rent for all of the amazing things around you? We pay endless rent. We pay rent for our bodies. We pay rent for our relationships. We pay rent to keep our kids. We pay rent to keep our business. We pay rent to keep our freedom. Every single day is work to pay the rent. It's absolutely never ending. And you have to make that choice. So we have a pen and paper in front of you. You need to decide. Do you want to be invisible with a lower rent bill or do you want to be important and work hard and suffer to make sure that the rent is paid? It is a choice you must make and it's binary and you must...  be extremely dedicated towards the decision you finally make. I refuse to accept that there are people out there who cannot become happy contented individuals. I refuse to accept we live in a world where God has created people who no matter how hard they work and how good their life becomes, you can't be happy. I don't accept that. I accept that the universe is a very giving place and that God loves all of us. And if you try your best and you work hard, you can become a better person. The beauty of life is a man is to be great. So you have to see your and ask yourself, do you want to be a happy loser that's insignificant? Nobody knows you exist. Women don't respect you. Men don't respect you. Nobody cares if you live or die, but you get to smile all the time. Or do you want to be one of the most important people on the planet with a little bit of stress? Alternatively, you can go out there into the world, try and implement your mark on the world, work hard, try to get rich, more money, more problems. You can try and start a business to stress of that. You can lose your girlfriend because all you're doing is working. This is a new level of stress, a new level of trauma, but at least you'll be a somebody at the end of it. As a man, there is no easy life. Your life is not about being easy, your life is not about being happy, your life.  is always going to be difficult. All of the pain you feel, all of the sadness you feel, you're supposed to feel as a man and you have two effective binary choices. You either go through the suffering and go through the trauma and go through the hardship it takes to be a man of value or you suffer eternity as a nobody. There's two ways to suffer. You either suffer as coming as somebody or you suffer as a perpetual and forever nobody. There is a sharp rise in depression and a sharp decline in the ability to sit. As no one else put these two together, am I the only fucking psychiatrist worth his soul? Well, these other fucking nerds going to uni haven't worked out in the basics. Racism, homophobia, misogyny. You know, I can't wait till they play this to be back in court and I have to defend myself. And they play in court and the female lawyer stands there, working for the state. We got you dead to rights. They're gonna play-  I'm addressing the court and that court? Hello, I know my face is straight and I know I'm pretending it was all a joke. I mean it's really funny. But I kind of mean it. I mean it's probably in fucking jail then. Fucking, just tell me to fucking, fucking hell, you cry about joke. So gay. I'm depressed because you're not racist. Anxiety is another one. Some guy goes to me the other day. Oh, I've got anxiety. Do you know why you have anxiety? I'll tell you why. I can cure anxiety, right? You have anxiety because you should be anxious. Ta-da. Why is a mouse anxious? Think about it. A mouse. Here's a noise. Because you can kill mice. You have anxiety because you're broke. Because you're weak. Because you're a loser. You're scared.  of the world and you should be, take my turn on. You walked through the world, anxious. It's taking over there. It's taking over there. We'll take my girl again. I gave her back. Wack asked pussy bruv. You're anxious because you're a fucking nobody. You see, the bear doesn't get anxious. If the bear hears a noise, it's like, calm, like, is there something I can kill over there? The mouse thinks a noise it might kill me. A bear thinks a noise I might want to kill it. It's a different vibe. If you're a bear, you're big and strong and rich and powerful. When you hear noises, you're like, do I need to kill that? No, it's not. There's a mouse that's like, and runs away. You're anxious because you're a bear. You're anxious because you're a little weak bitch. If you went to the gym and got strong, and got rich and got important, you wouldn't be anxious.  So biological extension, as a medical professional, as the world's most famous psychiatrist, no psychiatrist, name a psychiatrist, more famous to me on the internet. The same one. Okay. Is it even a disorder, anxiety disorder, if it's the natural conclusion of your ineptitude? If you put your hands near fire and you feel heat and you get burnt, is that disorder? Or is that your body giving you feedback, stay away from fire? It's not anxiety disorder, it's your body giving you feedback. Whispering, your soul is whispering to your mind. You're a bitch. Be afraid. Be afraid. That's not how I meet a man. I'm going anxiety. Of course. I could kill you. You wouldn't even see it coming. Even worse, you're just sitting there.  Because when you truly reach the highest echelon of masculinity, dying ain't so bad. As long as you die for a good reason, dying's not the worst thing that could happen. Living for nothing's the worst thing that could happen. Andrew Tate died in a blaze of glory after 55 bullets for the right cause. Am I anxious about that? The fact that something had been pumped. I'm getting hyped all right, I'm just talking about it. So many students go fucking fight for shit. I mean, she is. They might cut me with their sword. You deserve your anxiety, you deserve a depression. Anxiety is cured by a strength. Depression is cured via racism. And to prove I am the world's leading psychologist, even though I have no script. Because it's a good figure of speech, I'm gonna go off script and ask the mission.  Mr. Fucking Squinty Sun cameraman who's crying his eyes out to name a mental disorder and I'll tell you how to fix it. Name one. GOM! GOM is the scared of the fucking sun. GOM! Name one. Homophobia. That's not mental disorder, that's how you cure disorders. That's a good thing. Name like an affliction of the mind that men suffer with. They'll tell you how to fix it. Trans. Trans is... That's not even a real thing. Trans is just desperate attention seeking, mixed with overhorniness. You know? When you're not desired at all, you think I want to be desired, women are desired, and I'm... I'm... I'm jerking off all the time, and I'm a... associate awkward, and I'm a retard, fuck hell, has become a chick. Those people, that's Darwinism. When I see people complaining, we're giving children sterilizers and they can't reproduce. Any... Any... Pesh... Shit, ANYWHERE.  They're ain't a brother in Ghana walking around with fucking anxiety. He's walking around amongst the trenches and the mud and the diseases and the crime. Flip Flops, no money, six baby mamas doesn't give a fuck just stolen in the sun. Eh, this is a beautiful day. No anxiety and nothing give a fuck. You white boys are sitting there to half a million dollar house, three bit coin and four grand and savings. I wonder if I have enough. No wonder you're losing your fucking society. Then you go to a doctor. I feel anxious. He doesn't say go get strong with the Ghanaian. No, he says oh my baby, I don't think so. I think the disorder is horrible. Sit around the room jerking off together. And that's my problem. This is white people bullshit. And you know it's true. This is all white people shit.  If I add up all the white people I know's lives and all the black people I know's lives. Personal experience, the black people I knew and know and their upbringings and their struggles. And the white people I knew and their upbrings and their struggles, we add them all up. The black people have suffered tons more. But who's going to therapy? You'll be a fucking white guy, he's like, yeah, I grew up and my mom and dad grew up together at an ice family home and we all loved each other and yeah, but you know, there was one time my sister took my broccoli and I've just been upset ever since and I've just been going to therapy for a few years. I'll work it out. Someone said to me the other day, you're anti-immigration but you're a fighter. So and I'm actually anti-immigration. I just make fun of white people. You lose in your country, it's funny. I'm just laughing at the sh- I'm on the Titanic. I'm playing the violin. It's going down. It's going down. I'm the last psychologist on the Titanic. Who's-  It's like you think that's advertising for immigration? That's the scariest thing in the fucking world. You're telling me these random black people you're letting into the country, the most dangerous men alive? You walk around with anxiety and a small dick? And you think that's something we should let more in? They're gonna kick the living fuck out of you people. Yeah, well done, buddy. I wonder if you have no fucking civilization left. No one of the birth rates plummeted. I wonder why your cities aren't white anymore. Pat, she was on birth control and I used the condom and I had to protect me so I could have a wild ride, bro. You are gay. You are gay? So yeah, white people are gonna go extinct. It's an abstract look, it's a basket of ideas. It's how my mind works. Let me explain your brain and my brain. I see the interconnectivity of everything. Your brain imagines an animal.  Like a mouse. When I think of a mouse, I think of the food chain. I think of the web. I think of the things that eat the mice. And what the mice eats. And the mice is habitat. Do you understand? You have a one-track mind. You can't sit down and talk about racism, homophobia, depression, anxiety, mice, bears, in one video and make it make any sense at all. I'm the only fucking human alive who can do that. I think we're here to struggle and to learn. I don't think we're here to be happy. That's why when we keep going back to the happy argument, I've always found that kind of frustrating and annoying. And someone goes, oh, but I want to be happy. Why? Why? Why do you want to sit there and laugh? Like, you were happy your entire childhood. That's your happy days. You're allowed to be happy with kids. It's all over now, right? You're a man. You have responsibilities. I think we're here to do important things. Yeah, prototype protect, provide protect. And we're also here to do important things. And important things are going to be difficult. And they're going to be hard. And you're going to get frustrated. But that's what gives you purpose. I don't see anyone who...  who's chasing happiness, I think that's a very feminine frame. I understand why some women just want to be happy. I don't know how it feels to be a girl, because I'm not one. But in my experience, I know women who just want to be happy. Girls just want to have fun. Fine. But you're a man, right? And if you're a man, then it's absolutely not a different experience of life. I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to endure pain. I think we're here to just see how hard we are to kill. I think that going through terrible things and living through them and coming out the other side is one of the most fantastic things about being human. I think that it's almost like once you understand what life is really about, there's no emotion which isn't enjoyable. The only emotional state which can be seen as detrimental is feeling nothing at all. But if you're sitting at home and you're feeling truly heartbroken, at least you're feeling something, right? And I think that's the whole part of being human. I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to go through pain. So I wake up each day and go, what can I attack? What problem can I solve? And there's another quando he sings with the heart of his own. Is in, why can't he play how others work? Is with what we see, the  Look at history, why did Genghis Khan wake up and want to conquer the whole world? Why didn't Napoleon conquer the world? Why did Alexander the Great conquer the world? Just use wake up and just say, give me this, give me, I want all of it. I need to, there's an army there, they're really big. It's really big. It's intrinsic. You need to go and conquer. That's the purpose of it. I think that any emotion you feel should be converted into positive. Influencing. Yeah, you should do good things with any emotion you feel. I can't, and what else are you gonna do with it? And this is a genuine question. What else, let's say your wife breaks your heart. If you're not gonna work, you can't sleep anymore. You're upset, she's running around with a new dude, you see her Instagram story, she got some new guy, you're furious, and you're angry, and you're jealous, and you're bitter. You have all of this inside of you, but you're not gonna go to the gym and work hard and become so fantastically in shape and so rich and so powerful that no girl ever leaves you again. You're not gonna do that. What are you gonna do with it? Text her.  trying to explain to her, she doesn't care. Like you can write the most perfect English. You can write the most beautiful words ever constructed. Forget Shakespeare. You can do, you know what doesn't matter? She doesn't care. She just doesn't care. She's distracted. She forgot a bunch. She forgot about you. So what are you gonna do with all of that inside of you if it's not positive? Well, it's gonna consume you and you're gonna end up self-destructive or you're gonna embarrass yourself or you can take all of that and put yourself in a position where it never happens to you again. Those are the choices. So what's the most intelligent choice to make? Yeah. You know, I don't understand how many humans function in the world today. I don't get people who don't think like me. I don't understand it. I'm like, well then how do you survive this long? Life is hard. Life is difficult. Maybe I've just been unlucky, which I don't believe in, but I've had so much trauma and bad events and negativity and stress and all these things that have happened to me. And I've used all of it to be monumental.  successful. If I wasn't that way inclined with the workload that God put on my shoulders, I'd just be in a ditch somewhere. I'd be able to kill myself by now. Like I don't understand how people are functioning. If you're not thinking like me and you're going through life with any other mindset, you've been extremely fortunate that God smiled on you and allowed you to sit around most of the time doing jack shit and you have yet to be punished for that. I could never have lived that life. If I was a bit lazy or a bit you know or I was a bit of a snake or if I lied to people, I'd be dead by now. Like so a lot of these people are just absolutely not least blessed by God that they managed to go through life with such a non-competitive mindset and they still breathing. Like I don't get I don't understand how people can think any other way. I've spoken to dudes and like yeah you know I had a bad couple months. Why? My girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months over some f***ing like you had you had the thing of how much God loves you to have given you the grace and given you the opportunity to waste.  months of human time over some chick. Like, talk about blessed head to toe. If I waste months, empires are gonna collapse. I'm gonna end up in a cell or dead if I waste months. I have things to do every single day. I can't waste a second. Like, these people are just absolutely infinitely blessed and their mindset is a product of that because they're spoiled children. Absolutely spoiled children. If you're going through life with any other mindset beside a hyper competitive one, where you're capable of competing with some of the most dangerous men on the planet and all their forms, me and my network and also my competitors. If you don't have that mindset, then you have to understand that you are spoiled. You're spoiled by your reality because there's a whole bunch of people out here daily who fail. There are men out here who fail daily and they have yet to feel the true consequence for it. They fail to go to the gym when they know they should go on the gym. They fail because they forgot their keys and they took them 10 minutes to find them. They fail because they replied to a question they got sent on WhatsApp the wrong way. They fail because they didn't smile and they're supposed to. They didn't say, please, and thank you to that person who helped them.  fail because they didn't say hi to that girl who's looking at them out the corner of the right. They've just failed perpetually. They go through life, missing every opportunity in just failing, failing, failing. And somehow we've built a society which is so soft and God is so giving and so graceful that they still have a place to eat and somewhere to sleep and they're still surviving. That shows how nice God is because before this society, truthfully, if you were that level of failure, you would be dead. You would be the fittest. And none of these men out here are fit. Their mindset isn't fit. Their realities aren't fit. They're failures. They're failures. They're just failing every single day. I'm gonna go, but you know, tomorrow I'll go to the gym. You've been failing your whole life. That's all you've done is fail. And then you sit and wonder why people like me absolutely notly outcompete you. It is so easy to become a top tier male in the world today because the competition is so ridiculously low. There are 2% killers like me and everybody else is amateur. Head to toe amateur. They can't even pay attention to anything. They can't try anything. They're amateurs. And it's  It's really mind-blowing to me because I've tried with all of my computational power to imagine having a mindset different to mine. And I just can't see a reality worth having. I can't see a reality worth living. I can't see how you're going to build a life worth experiencing if you have any other mindset. I can't see it. I've never met somebody with a fantastic life who did not completely and utterly believe in themselves. I've never seen somebody massively succeed and they didn't believe in themselves ever. I've never seen somebody who just allows life to happen to them and become blown off course by some sadness. End up doing massively monumental and important things. I've never seen it. It does end. It's never going to happen because it's competitors like crypto, player versus player. And there's people like me out here. So when that breaks your heart and you take a few months off and she ends up on my jet and I get rid of her and I don't give a shit. Yeah, that's right. And if she leaves me afterwards, let's say she just likes to leave me. I don't care. I'm still...  you're still working, you're still crying. You can't possibly ever beat me. I will continue to beat you into attorney as well my bloodline. You will sit and pay the price for the rest of your human years, even your ancestors. Above you are disappointed in you and your offspring for the rest of your lineage, we'll look up and say, my great, great, great grandfather was a loser because I'm broke as hard and now we've been broke ever since. I'll tell you why I'm absolutely lucky and I don't want to give too many details away but in my previous life, I was certainly living, I knew some very dangerous people, I've done some dangerous things, there's been a few exposed documentaries on the kind of things I was involved in previously. I've had attempts on my life, people have tried to stab me, I've had people try to kill me, I've had members of my family attempts on them, I've had a very certainly difficult life, I don't consider any of the mental stress of this recent matrix attack anywhere near comparable to the physical altercations and things that have happened to me. But the reason I'm the luckiest man on earth is because God has given me endless building blocks to build a superhero. God knows our future.  He's given me endless power. He's given me endless motivation, what do we say? He's given me endless. I have endless sources of power. I can sit here right now and recall events that will prevent me from sleeping for two to three days. That gives me a superpower that other men do not have. They want to go to sleep, they're tired. I can stop being tired for days at a time. I can just have a thought. I can remember, I can sit, close my eyes and use the power of my brain to vividly remember events and I will not sleep for days. I never try cocaine in my life. I never try weed in my life ever. Whoa. I drink a lot of coffee. I smoke cigars, bit of vodka, but I've never tried narcotic in my life. So God has given me an endless source of power. And when people come to me and say, oh, this happened, I'm really sad or my heart broke or this bad thing happened to me. I say, good, good. Thank the Lord that he's given you this endless source of motivation. You're wasting it. That's your problem. But it's been given to you. Nitrous oxide has been given to you. You just have to use it in the correct way. So I'm the luckiest man in the world because all the bad things that happened to me have given me all the building blocks to become...  the most fantastic man on the face of the planet. Well, the reason I don't touch any narcotics at all is because firstly I was a professional athlete and my blood was tested. I'm now 35 years old without ever having tried a drug ever. Is there any point in starting now? Like it's, I've lived my whole life without ever trying these things, why start now? Also, when I look at some of the most degenerate, stupid, ridiculous people on the planet, they all use drugs. It's not very often I meet a man who's completely head to toe, has his life in order and he likes drugs. I, a lot rich people take cocaine, yes. And I do know them and some of them. But I still think they'd be better without cocaine. You know, that's just genuinely a vice. But if you go to a festival full of brokeies, full of peasants and peons, full of people who don't try very hard at life and they sit there and they idolize these false idols given to them by the matrix and they stand in a crowd full of millions of other people, like an insignificant peasant and drumpup and down. Whoa, dip low, whoa, whoever. Gip is a man. Yeah, just complete peasant mindset. If you look at these people and say, do you like drugs? That's what they say. Oh yeah.  Yeah, so I avoid, I don't want to go anywhere near the peasantry, right? So, because that's what it is, it's disgusting and it's peasantry. So that's why I don't take drugs. And the reason I don't like vape is because I don't think that vape is even remotely natural. Because the tobacco is a plant, okay cool. But if you managed to put chemicals inside of a little container that tastes like blueberry ice, what even is blueberry ice? It's like even a flavor. It's just words. And then you taste it and you go, that does taste like blueberry ice. How did they pull that off? I can't believe it's possibly good for me. Add in the price that it cost, add in the fact that it costs a dollar and comes deep from the heart of China. Like, you think they give a shit about the West just puffing away on this petrochemical? They don't care. Yeah, so if you're going to smoke, at least smoke something, it was grown. Well, the reason I smoke is not because I'm addicted because I have an iron mind and I can blink into my brain and stop smoking completely. In fact, when I...  there's certain places I go to in the world why don't smoke for months at a time. I'm not addicted to anything. The reason I smoke is because nicotine is good for your testosterone level. That's the reason I smoke. I smoke because I like the drug of nicotine because nicotine is actually that positive. The reason I drink coffee is not because I'm addicted because caffeine is a miracle drug. Caffeine is a miracle. I drink endless coffee and of course the matrix will come along and say too much coffee's bad, too much meat's bad, they say anything to make you weak and stupid. Caffeine, people don't understand that coffee changed the world. Before coffee and caffeine, we were addicted, not addicted, we were living our lives in rhythm with the sun. We got up, when the sun came up, we went down when the sun came up. We didn't go against it very much. With the industrial revolution and caffeine, the introduction of caffeine, we now had night shifts, we now had double shifts. Think about this. If a job introduces a coffee break, if a company says, take stop working and drink this coffee, that's because the coffee you have is worth the time they let you not work because you make up for it. Plus, that's...  how powerful it is. And what's actually interesting about me is when I think back, my entire reality is caffeinated. I haven't been awake without caffeine in years. I drink coffee every single day. So I thought about this and I thought, maybe life's better without caffeine. So I took a week off of coffee. And there was zero advantage. I didn't sleep any better. I felt pissed off. I didn't feel like I could focus as well. I was more tired, but I couldn't sleep any better. It was weird. I was just like, this isn't me. Now obviously I'm still a hypercompetitive individual. I still went to the gym. I still did my work. I'm still the top cheat. But I didn't feel as good. No benefits. There was no benefits. So after a week, I had a cup of coffee and it was like, the miracle is back. It's, it's, develop a coffee addiction. It's fantastic. There's nothing bad about caffeine. I have 10 to 15 coffees a day every single day and I will do to the day I die. And so, so.  to just to finish off for my vices. Coffee's not a vice, I want the caffeine. Smoking's not a vice, I want the nicotine. These are drugs I believe are genuinely good for me. The only vice I guess is alcohol, and although it looks like in some of my videos, I drink a lot, that I can drink a lot. I must have the genetic disposition, I can out drink almost anybody on the planet. I don't truly drink real. You don't get drunk. And I know, I'm a professional. So for me to get drunk, it has to be a controlled, closed environment, or I have to have a security team. I will not get drunk. It open. Never. It's either in my house with armed guards outside, or it's on a yacht, which is on a yacht, which is in the middle of the ocean, or it's very difficult for me to get drunk, because I don't like to lose control of reality like that. And nine times, in fact, not nine. 9.999 times out of 10, if I'm drinking, I either have a weapon on me or somebody next to me does. I stick to the base, I have 10 to 15 coffees every day. That's what I have every day, the same number. And I don't think I've built a tolerance to it, because when I...  I stopped drinking it, I felt the difference. So I know that it's doing something. It does something. I quit. It was only two weeks ago, I did this one week, no coffee thing, it was garbage. And I did it because I thought, you know, you know you see these idiots online, no, take cold showers, don't drink coffee, read books, I knew they're full of shit because none of them have anything. They're all brokeies. And if I were to ever meet any of these people in person, these self-help gurus, I could grab them by their necks and I could ring them to death. I know that they're not men, right? I could destroy all of them. So I'm not interested in really talking to any of them, but I thought about the coffee thing and I thought, well, my entire reality is caffeinated. Let me try life without it. And it was terrible. Yeah. Coffee is a gift from God. Coffee is beautiful as it's nicotine and just as much as possible. And for any doctor who says that it's unhealthy, meet me in the cage and we'll talk about health. Because if I can still beat the shit out of you, then I don't want to hear your opinions on health. Yeah. Because I think I'll do just fine against any doctor who says coffee is a bad idea. And first I have nothing bad to say about Elon because Elon's top E, right? I got a sure respect for it. Stop G, look. Yeah, he's top E. But I think that strong bodies are strong mind.  I think that going to the gym is important for your mental health. It is for me anyway. I train absolutely every single day. I am not on any kind of steroid. I'm not on test-traum, TRT, I'm not on testosterone replacement therapy. I'm not on any kind of pill. I don't even take creatine. I don't take protein powder. Nothing. And a lot of people don't believe that about me. A lot of people say, oh, you know, there's pictures of me where I'm a big guy. I look a bit skinny in a shirt, but they look at me without a shirt on them. Like, wow, you're big. What do you take? I'm like, coffee, cigars, a lot of meat, and hard training. And I'm 35 and I've never had a single injection in my body ever. God is my witness. And I say this on podcast because there's some people who believe I'm not natural for some reason. And it's kind of a compliment. But they believe I'm not natural. And I say this now openly. So if I ever get busted doing these things, you can sit and call me up on it. I mean, Logan Paul is the steroid head. I've told him before I'll fight him, and we can piss in the cup, but he can't because he's massively.  He's full steroids. Me and him were back and forth, this long story with him and he was kind of cool and then when the matrix attacked me, he cucked out and became a complete f***. But like he's talking about a boxing match. Yeah, you have to pass the drugs test. Because if I start taking drugs like you are Logan, I'm gonna be an animal. I'm God's favorite, right? I'm an animal already. Imagine I was taking drugs on top. I'd be an animal. So he's sitting there injecting himself to just get a little bit of muscle. But I never take anything. I've never taken anything and I say that God is my witness. So I just train hard. And I only train for maybe 45 minutes to an hour each day. Every single morning is one of the first things I do. I wake up and I train and what's amazing is, I never feel like doing it. I never want to do it. I wake up and I have work to do. My phone's going off. I got a busy day. I have to do stuff. I'm in a big mansion. There's a lambo outside. There's a nice pool. There's three chicks and bikinis chilling. They're like, hey breakfast is ready. Did I not like nope? Nope, nope, nope. I'm going to train. And I don't want to, but I still do have, because that's the part being a man.  and it's doing what you don't wanna do. So I'm in Constantin Romania, right? I'm in Romania. I was there, this is maybe eight or nine years ago. At the time, there weren't so many foreigners who went there. I was in a club and there was an absolute beautiful girl and I went over to her and said hello. What's nice to meet you, you're absolutely gorgeous. Start talking to her back and forth, I said, can I buy you a drink? And she said yes, I'd like this bottle of champagne. And at the time, I didn't have the kind of money I had now. So I said, I'm sorry, I'm not gonna buy you a bottle of champagne. I don't know if you're drinking champagne. I bought this. And I beer. Yeah, I didn't say beer, but I styled it off. I said, oh, so you can't really say that, right? So you have to be smooth about it. Like, oh champagne, we should enjoy a bottle of champagne together one day, but I'm about to leave. I just want to come say hello. So we'll do it sometime in the future. You have to be smooth about these things. James Bond, right? Thanks. Because I didn't wanna buy it. $1,500 bottle of champagne. Yeah. So I styled it off, got her number left. We're texting back and forth. She seemed like a really nice girl. Absolutely and not really beautiful. My standards are ridiculously high because I'm not a peasant like everybody else. I'm only associated with women. I don't know.  I can have anything I want and I kind of like when they all match. So I live with very, very high standards. So she's truly, she was truly beautiful. The next day I met her who we had lunch and again, she tried to kind of hint at this drink and again I styled it off. That night I saw her on another man's table and they were buying all the champagne. I was kind of a little bit annoyed because I thought I bagged like a really beautiful girl and she's now on this table and she's all the champagne's coming. So whatever it is, what it is, I left it. I saw a texture of a little bit back and forth and it became this running joke. She was like, why won't you buy me a single bottle of champagne? You're a man. Why won't you buy me a single bottle of champagne? And she was also quite inquisitive. She was like, so what's your job? What are you doing here? She's trying to ask me lots of questions and I wouldn't answer any of them. I'd always styled off with a clever answer. Like what's your job? I was like, I'm a priest or blah blah blah. So yeah, we ended up becoming really good friends throughout the summer and eventually she came open to the fact that she's there specifically.  to make men spend money and she had a script and she said, you're the only, when she'd drunk a little bit of champagne that night to be fair, she was a little bit drunk. She said, you're the only man I've ever met, who didn't follow my script Andrew. I said, what's the script? And she showed me in her, it was Facebook at the time. She showed me in her Facebook inbox. The man would get her number. They'd meet the next day. Then after about two or three dates, she'd say, I can't fall in love with somebody who lives far away last time, I've only been with one man in my whole life. Last time I was with a man like this, my heart was broken. She'd copy and paste this long message. The guy would start picking for her back. She would wait about a day and a half and then hit him back and go, okay, I'll come meet you, but I don't want to come my own because it's too, I'm falling in love with you. I want to bring some friends and we'll go to this place and they'd go and spend more money on more girls, more champagne, more more meals. And it was just script and every man was falling for it in exact order. And it was copy and paste messages. And every single dude fell for it. Just chasing this girl, promising her anything, taking her and all her friends to whatever place she needed to go that day for the commission.  And this is like eight, nine years ago, she says she was making like 20 to $25,000 a month in commissions. And she's some Ukrainian, she's like 19, like her apartment family, a house, but like literally enriched her family off the back. You talk to me, yeah, she was absolutely amazing. I'm manipulating, but it just showed how stupid men were. Every single man was falling for the same trick all of it, head to toe. And after that, we got a bit closer and we fell in love, let's say. And it was kind of funny because we spent the whole summer together. I never bought her a drink. I never bought her one. It became a thing where I said, I'm not buying you a thing. Because you don't want to be one of those guys. Tap water only. So I was like, I'll get you tap. You want tap water? And she was like, oh, I made a big joke of it. She was buying the drinks because she had more money than me. I think it's, yeah, I mean, there's, there's, it was going on for weeks. There's a lot of new ones to it. I'm not saying, I'm not saying don't buy girls drinks. In fact, if I meet a girl now, she wants to drink. I'll certainly buy her one. It was just a very unique scenario, unique circumstance that kind of,  led into a story, but the night I was, the night she was going through those Facebook messages, it was crazy how quickly and instantly men will simp and beg and cry over girl they've known for three days, promising, oh we're gonna be special, I'll take care of you. The thing she's the one that, yeah, gross crazy. Yeah, every, I don't think there's ever gonna be one person on the planet you're truly compatible with. I think there's gonna be, you know, a few. And if you have your life in order as a man, truly in order, then you're compatible with a lot more people. I think that if you're a man and you're struggling to find somebody you're compatible with, that's probably because you're a, you're a loser. If your life's in order, then you're compatible with, with a lot of women. Like me, me, for example, I don't need a woman to mother me, I don't need a woman to motivate me to tell me to stop playing video games. I don't need to do anything for me. I need her to be happy, positive, protect my spirit, pray for me. Maybe little things, make me a coffee, some kind of small gesture, but my money's right, my motivation's right, my life is right. And if she is associated with me, by proxy, she's gonna have a fantastic life. I can't fly on my jet and-  put her on an easy jet. Like she's gonna end up on jets, she's gonna end up in the five star hotels, she's gonna end up not having to worry about money, she's gonna end up in the best restaurants, five proxies, she's gonna have a very fantastic life. So you'll find that if your expectations of a woman are for her to be happy and you have a lifestyle that makes her happy, a lot of women are pretty happy. And you get along with basically all of them. It's kind of amazing how that works. It only, it takes a very special type of character to still be dislikable in those kind of scenarios. Whereas if your life is less perfect for your realities, less impressive, then yeah, then you need a girl who's happy to be bored or hot and then it becomes harder. Yeah. But I don't have any of those problems. All right, I'll tell a very rough version of it. It's exclusive. Yeah. I'm gonna miss a lot of details. I was about 24. I think. And I can't say why, but I had a problem with this guy and we were arguing. So what was this doing the keep boxing time? I was keep boxing, yeah. Okay. But I was also keep boxing.  boxing doesn't make money like boxing, right? When you're kickboxing, this is, I was, I was like one time world champion. You're making like 30, 40, 50 grand to fight, but you're fighting like twice a year. And it's, yeah, I mean, towards the end, I was getting five, six fights a year and I was doing better, but when you're fighting like twice a year, and you have to pay your coach and your taxes, you're living in London, you're not rich. So I was making some money on the side and I had a disagreement with this guy. And we were kind of texting back and forth. And he stopped replying to me. He totally stopped replying. Cool. That was it. And I was like, okay, I texted him a few more times and he'd totally stopped replying to me. And about a week and a half later, when I was walking to my car, he tried to stab me. I was walking to my car, even to this day if I walked to my car at night, especially if it's raining, I panic a little bit. Just a little bit. I was walking to my car and I heard footsteps behind me. This is one of the reasons I hate headphones. And anyone I see in headphones is a fucking idiot because you're so killable with headphones. You think you look cool?  with your air pods in. I can sneak up behind you with a f***ing chain, so you dummy. Like anyone who has air pods or headphones in is a soft target. I heard it first. I heard feet moving quickly. And as I turned, I've got a scar here on my hand. We can see the blade in my hand. I turned and I took the blade in the hand. And that was my neck I'd be dead. Had you had missed that hand? Had you had this hand made in a different position? Yeah, I could have easily died. Oh my God. I hit him, but it was sloppy. I'll admit it was a bit sloppy. He wobbled, he took a step back, but now we're facing each other. But because I was bleeding so much, because my finger basically came off, because I was bleeding so much, I thought I'd been stabbed properly. And I ran, but I could have been dead. And the only reason I'm not is because I heard him coming. I didn't see him coming. And that's why to this day, if I sit in public and I see somebody with air pods in, I feel nervous for them. If I can't explain it, I get anxious. It's like seeing somebody touching a chain, about to touch a chain saw. Like you're like, whoa, don't do that. We're not.  Yeah, when I see somebody in there like, I'm like, you f***ing. And they were like, they're so killable. They're walking to the street, they're like, yeah, like, just, it's unbelievable.