 Men only become good men through negativity. Women are actually the opposite. Men who have been through a lot of pain are very kind. When I see a man who's been through a lot of shit, it makes you kinder. You don't want it to be put on any clothes. When women go through a lot of pain, they grow bitter and evil and mean they don't grow kind. Men grow kind for pain. The worst men on earth are the ones who haven't had enough pain. Those are the arrogant pieces of shit people. You're supposed to suffer as a man. You're born to suffer. You're not supposed to get rich off a stupid meme coin like that without doing any work. You're supposed to suffer. The whole reason God put men on this planet is to suffer. And the best men are the ones who suffered the most. I wouldn't be talking about in suffer board and anyone else. You're a better man than everyone else if your life was a mess. And it was a hardship. Because you're not what happens to you. You are how you react to it. And the best men on earth are men who have had their parents die, their best friends betray them, their girl betray them, thrown in jail, their money stolen, stabbed, robbed, today.  Every time something happened to him, they sat there and they looked in the mirror and said, what can I learn from this? How can I stop this happening? Those are the best men. Those are the men in men's respect? Those are the men in women's want? Why do women love scars? Look, they try to kill him and they can't. That's why I want him. The best men suffered. You find a man who's never been through suffering. And nobody gives a shit out of him. Men don't like him and women don't like him. Men are no good without him. Lots of people are going through the world trying to get experiences, but they're so obsessed with getting the positive experiences that they never would experience life at all. People go through life and they say, I want to make money on a crypto coin, I want to get rich and I want to buy a Lamborghini and then I want to get a beautiful girlfriend, I want to go to Boat in Miami and all this in-posit, but there's no life without dark. You could do all of those things and you'd still be miserable if you didn't experience the dark. If you have not experienced true misery and pain, you'll never ever be happy. So if you're going through life as a man and you're looking for experiences over comfort, which is what you should be doing, which is what the great explorers of the world have always done, because they weren't looking for comforts at home. Experiences out there, all the sailors, all the warriors, they wouldn't have experienced it. I love the negative experiences along with the positive.  I love Jay because it's an experience. It's a bad experience, sure. But then my bedroom is beautiful once again. Like it's never been before. I was at first sleep back. This is the point. Everyone's obsessed with the positive experiences. But nobody is chasing any kind of negative experience. I believe every man should be choosing to do something which is extremely hard, which they hate, which sucks. Because you don't appreciate life at all without it. The reason people chase higher highs all the time. And the reason they're constantly taking drugs, trying to loop, see it, drink more alcohol, and chasing higher highs all the time, is because they don't experience any lows. You're always a lot higher high, but I promise you, the higher high is fine if you balance it with a little bit of low. If you bounce down there for a week and come back to where you were, you're good. Constantly chasing higher highs is head endism which ends in one place. It always ends in a spiral, a downward spiral. You need to stay away from constantly chasing those things. You need to artificially manufacture some lows. I chose fighting because fighting will do that for you. It's hard, it's stressful, you're worried. You train all the time, you're exhausted, you win, you lose.  get hurt, you go hospital, there's a lot of negatives in them. There's not enough negatives in men's lives today. It's amazing how the human mind adapts to his surroundings. In some ways it's stressful, but there's no light without dark. In other ways it's not very stressful. As a man, there is no easy life. If you're looking for an easy life, you should have been a girl. You made a mistake. Your life is not about being easy, your life is not about being happy. Your life is always going to be difficult. All of the pain you feel, all of the sadness you feel you're supposed to feel as a man and you have two effective binary choices. You either go through the suffering and go through the trauma and go through the hardship it takes to be a man of value or you suffer eternity as a nobody. And being invisible I would argue is almost worse. You can have a very stress-free life. If you work in Starbucks, you don't care about the Starbucks once you clock off. You're not at work at the time. You go home, you play video games and you exist until you die. That's stress-free, but you have to suffer being a nobody. Alternatively you can  go out there into the world, try and implement your mark on the world, work hard, try to get rich, more money, more problems. You can try and start a business, to stress of that. You can lose your girlfriend because all you're doing is working. This is a new level of stress, a new level of trauma, but at least you'll be a somebody at the end of it. There's two ways to suffer. You either suffer to become a somebody or you suffer as a perpetual and forever nobody. What did Napoleon say? He said, glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. Absolutely. Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. And when he says fleeting, that's a really good point because everything in life is rented, especially your glory is a man. When you have a good body, it is not a good body as complete. It's not finished. You haven't completed the task. You have rented that physical condition. You must train every day to retain it. I think God wants me to be the best possible version of myself. I think that God dislikes people who are lazy. I said this to somebody once and he got very offended. I said, God doesn't like lazy people. God has created you and he wants to see the absolute best you can be. I think that if you don't take...  care of yourself God is no interest in taking care of you. If you have a Ferrari on the drive and you don't take care of it, who's going to take care of it? Nobody. I think that taking care of yourself and being the best possible version of yourself you can be is how you please God. I think that's one of the best ways to praise it is to wake up every day and say I need to be the strongest, smartest, fastest, most fearsome, most stoic, most capable man I can possibly be. This is how I please God. I think that as a man there's always going to be a degree of pain and suffering in your journey. I don't think you're ever going to become a successful man or be good at being a man without pain and suffering. And as many times in my life or something terrible happens to me and at the time if I could change it I would have but retrospectively you kind of look back and go you know what that was for me. That is what God decided I needed to become who I became. So all of the pain and all the suffering I've ever gone through in my life ended up in the end building me into the person I am and I'm proud of who I am. I don't think many men especially understand that even if you don't have the strength to be a hero for yourself you should have enough discipline and enough honor to want to be a hero for somebody else.  And if you have other people you truly respect you should want to be a hero for them. And I think that's the masculine imperative. If someone's gonna attack your wife, that's when you become a hero. For her. You have to. What kind of man are you if you're not? You have a brain, you have a mind, you have a mental model, you can't think of everything, you can't do everything, you can only have certain frameworks and still inside of your mind. As a man you should be hyper competitive, you're just trying to be the best version of yourself you can be. You're competing against every other man on earth, for the girl you want, the car you want, the house you want, the watch you wear, it's all competition. You should be as competitive as you possibly can. Anything that's inside of your mind which doesn't allow you to be competitive should be erased. So I started at the absolute lowest echelon of life and I would like to consider myself pretty somewhere near the top now. I've been through absolutely every stage. So when I say to men you can become anything you want and my answer to you is masculine excellence is no other answer. I can't tell you how to rig the game and cheat the game. If we're all racing a race and I have a Ferrari and you have a Nissan. I mean, sure you can get a bit better at driving but you're probably gonna lose. You have to get up.  a better character to play this game of life. So that's why I preach Mass-Burn Excellence because for many of the world's problems today, porn, sexual access, being respected by your peers, making sure that your wife's gonna stay with you after the children are born for a very long time, right? Being happy, anything, it all comes down to who you are as a man, the answer to the only answer is Mass-Burn Excellence. There's nothing you can do besides hard work, accept the trauma and pain and suffering and work harder than everyone else around you worked. We have a men's mental health crisis. Young men are disenfranchised. The suicide rate amongst men is much higher than women. And everybody pretends to care. But when I come along and say, I am a man, I've been a man. I know how it feels to be a sad man and a happy man. And I found happiness through masculine achievement and strength. Through working hard in the gym, through dedicating myself, through building a life worth living, through taking care of the people who I love, both male and female.  through becoming financially successful, through sticking up for myself, through having opinions, through being a man of honor and courage. When I do these things, I'm ostracized, and they're attempting to destroy my life. I talk about this all the time. People say I've had a traumatic life. I say, well, then you're very, very fortunate. You had a traumatic life, now you may have misused that trauma. You may have misplaced it. You may have accepted the matrix, telling you that you now have an excuse to fail, as opposed to using it to grow. But every single man of value went through trauma, and they went through pain. It's going to be painful to get strong, painful to get rich, painful to become important, so be painful to become good with women. Your heart's going to get broken a bunch of times. You have to be prepared for the pain. If you're not ready for pain, you're never going to be anything that matters. I think that the number one problem with the world's day and the biggest problem that men face isn't the problems themselves. It's just a way that they are been taught to mentally frame issues. People think when bad things happen to them that somehow they're a victim to the universe and bad things only happen to me and this is so terrible.  understand that bad things happen to everybody the most successful person you know had all those probably maybe even worse at least the same bad things happen to them they just framed it differently and used it and this is what people really don't get understand there's only one thing on the planet you actually have control over you can't control the weather you can't control your health you can get brain aneurysm or heart attack you can't control other people the only thing you can actually really truly control is what you think that's the only thing you can change in real time you can be thinking of red and change it to blue so why are you not controlling your own mind it's your asset it's your ally it's your friend why would you make an enemy out of the only thing you have control over I refuse to do that it doesn't make sense to me you can the worst thing on earth that could happen to a man could happen to me and I guarantee you I would still label myself happy I'm happy because I see who I am that's how I view myself as well decide it  It's amazing how much strength you can get from knowing that your ancestors looking down on you and you're doing your absolute best. I also believe that God can be proud of you when you do your absolute best. And I don't think many people genuinely do their best in the world anymore. When I say do your best, people sit and go, oh yeah, okay. No, when's the last time you actually did your best? Like I don't train to run marathons, but I know if I gave my best, I could run a marathon right now first try. If I gave my best, life depending on it. Once the last time people have genuinely given their best to anything, there are people going through the world and going through life today that don't give their best or 100% effort to anything ever. Ever. They can't remember the last time they tried. I think it's very difficult to do nearly anything important if it's not perhaps two degrees driven by love or the desire for love even. I think the reason a lot of men want to become rich is because they want to feel loved or feel important or to matter. I also feel like the reason that a lot of men want to become rich is because they want  men do the things they do is for love either of themselves or of someone else. I think the reason men go to work is because they love their family. The reason you go to the gym is because you love yourself. If you take a man and give him a life shielded from problems that he never has any face, I guarantee you he's terrible at being a man. The best men in the world have gone through shit. That's just why women love scars because they didn't kill you. That's the whole point of it, right? So the best thing you can do as a man is look and go, okay, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard. I feel negative because these are also difficult. I'm struggling with XYZ. Let me internalize all of that and turn it into a superpower. Let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because like I said, the universe is absolutely not really giving. And if you truly hated being in a position you were in, you would have been there very long. When men say to me they're depressed, with unlimited options, with the capability to become anything you desire, with God giving you a full enable body in mind, how do you have time to be depressed? You have so much you could do.  There's so much that you need to do to be your best self and you're competing against men like me Yeah, and you're finding hours a day to be sad No wonder you're gonna perpetually lose forever that's suicide. So how do you find time to do this? It's it's brutally ineffective If you construct a mindset that allows you to be as competent as possible as opposed to field Any different or feel better than you're gonna naturally come to the conclusions that come to you You're as competent as possible if you believe you can affect absolutely everything about your life You're as competent as possible if you believe absolutely everything that's happened to you whether good or bad is good You're fault. You're as competent as possible if you believe the bad things that happened to you are gonna allow you to work harder But coming from better when bad things happen to me the first thing on my mouth is good Good if any man's honest with himself think about the biggest transformative stages in your life Think about the times you've gotten most work done It was a bad part of your life. You were heartbroken or You know you lost a house  broke or whatever, that's when you did shit. There's this huge percentage of the populace, which they're beyond saving because of the worst thing you can possibly be, which is a quitter. Being a quitter is the worst thing you can possibly be. God himself can't make a quitter important, because the only reason the place you're trying to get to has values because it was difficult to reach, if everybody could reach it there'd be no value. Value is like to scarcity. The whole point goal is valuable because there's no everywhere, but there's everywhere, it wouldn't have any value. The reason the place you're trying to reach is valuable is because people can't get there. So if you're the kind of person who quits, you're never going to get there. Quitters are the worst. And the masculine world is hyper competitive. This is another thing most people don't understand. We're in a hurry. It's hyper competitive out here. All the women want few men at the top. The Ferrari you don't want Ferrari to drive fast. You want Ferrari because other men want Ferrari and can't have one. It's hyper competitive. So if you're competing against every other man for every dollar you make, every girl you see, the house you live in, the car you drive, the life you live.  You're not going to be able to compete with the person who performs regardless of how they feel if you only compete when you feel like competing. And if life is perfect all the time, you don't appreciate anything. I actually think one of the worst lives you can have is a life where everything goes right all of the time. If you're spoiled to that degree, especially as a man, as soon as you reach any kind of difficulty, you're going to crumble. So I've had to get up a bunch of times and I do not pray for an easy life. I pray for a difficult life with difficult challenges to solve and being strong enough to handle them. I've never tried to make my life easier in fact quite the opposite. If you really want an exceptional life and to do exceptional things, you can't only hope for the positive exceptional. The only reason you appreciate being rich is because you're a poor. If you're a born rich, you don't appreciate it. The only reason you appreciate being in good health is because you're a once sick. When you're sick, you'll do anything to be healthy. If you've never experienced sickness, you don't know what health is. There is no life without dark. Perhaps I'll be a happier person and live a more fulfilled life and enjoy my fantastic benefit.  that come with wealth if I do go. Perhaps I can have a more positive message and more people will know my name if I do go mad. Perhaps I'm ready to mart or myself. Perhaps I am ready to charge at the gunfire. Perhaps I don't care. There's a lot of people who complain about the bad things that happen in their life, not understanding that without the bad things, you have no life at all. You need all of the bad things. You need the mental struggle. You need to go through things which you regret. You need to sit there so that, if you've never regretted any action you've ever taken, how can you sit and make an intelligent decision for the future? You know what you can do it. You need to sit and say, well, I felt the sting of regret for X. I don't want to feel the sting of regret for Y. You need this experience. And that's what life is all about. People think that life is just the good times and this is the massive misconception. Love is a purpose. Let's use love. Because people think being in love is holding hands and I hold hands and we cuddle in bed. I love them. Love is the whole spectrum. Love is missing them. Love is breaking up with them.  Love is being sad, they don't text you. Love is the whole circle. There is no up without down. Anything that has the ability to emotionally affect you positively, has the ability to emotionally affect you negatively. There's nothing in the world that can only affect you in one direction. Even something is asinine and stupid as an object. Life as a man is pretty shit and you're going to feel shit for a pretty large percentage of the time. But you're only going to ever escape that if you just perform regardless. You have to perform when you feel bad. As a man, you can't say, I will perform when I feel good. It doesn't work that way because our heads are too complicated and life's too complicated. There's too much on our shoulders. We have too much stress, too much pressure. Our heads are fucked. You have to be the kind of person who says, I perform regardless. I didn't miss a single day's training. I didn't miss a please. I didn't miss a thank you. I'm not saying I was happy. I'm saying I did exactly what I was supposed to do. You want to be the most competitive predator on the planet. You have to be able to hunt in the day and the night. You have to be able to do both. You have to be able to perform when you're happy and sad. You can't you can't only be able to perform when you're happy. You can't only  you go to the gym when you're motivated. You can't only be a competent person when your life's going well because when your life's not going well you're no longer competent. Then you're going to lose to people like me. I'm just a player versus player. If you're the kind of person who can only do well when you're happy and you're competing against someone like me who can do well all the fucking time, guess what? You lose. So my mental model, the answer is most of my opinions are just based around constructing a mental model that allows me to be brutally competitive. The things happen to people and things are going to happen to everyone and even if you live the perfect life, you're still going to have bad experiences because everything's relative. So small things can be big and you have to learn to get on with it and be disciplined. And if you don't have a disciplined upbringing you don't learn to go through hard times. You're just going to end up one of those people who just is complete. Feather in the wind, you just succumb to your emotions and that makes you either a pussy or as a man also makes you dangerous. These people, these serial killers and these school shooters and these all these things, these people who just give in on their emotions instantly. These people with no self control. They never have fathers around. They never have a 99% of them in America. They're from me. A single mother or kind of type home or something. No father around.  I never had anyone sit and say to him, I don't care how you feel. You're not allowed to act that way. Yeah. And that's it. So when they feel a certain way, they think, well, I'm gonna act this way. And that's what's dangerous. This is also why I became successful in the first place. To, I've always been capable of fighting and going through pain and dedicate myself and doing difficult things and having hard things happen to me and being emotionally regulated. So perhaps what's so interesting about it is, even if I want the dark, no matter how deep I dive into it, no matter how much mess I try and get myself in, I'm just gonna end up springing back and having more fans and more followers and more people talking about me and more social media. No, it's the emotional regulation that I'm worried about. I'm like, how the hell does this guy do it? Well, how do you manage that? Yeah, for me, it's relatively easy, because it's a new dark again. It is, it is. And, but that's part of, that's part of, I'm looking for the journey. I don't want the comfort, I want the challenge. I'm looking for the journey. So no matter what bad is happening to me, part of me is always gonna sit there and detach myself from myself and analyze it from the,  third person and say, wow, fantastic. This is going to be a great opportunity. No doubt. It's a great opportunity for you to prove yourself to yourself and prove yourself to everybody else and prove yourself to God. Feeling depressed is real. Yeah. Depression as a disease I do not subscribe to. The idea I believe that if you feel depressed something is depressing you and you should try your best to fix it. You should take control of your life and do your best to fix it. The idea but they don't say that. They don't talk that. They say depression like it's just magic thing that comes out the sky that gets in your brain. You're sad no matter what. There's nothing you can do about it and you need to only take pills and I think that's a very bad way to look at the world and that's a bad idea to subscribe to and if you start to feel depressed let's say you're girl leaves you you start to feel depressed but you believe in the idea of depression. You're now going to start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed. Self-hitting, nocing yourself and to hypnotizing yourself to being clinically depressed and it's amazing how you can speak things into existence. I cannot become depressed because I don't believe in it. So how about chemical imbalances in the brain? Bullshit that's all been disproved anyway.  Really? So it's all been disproved. Firstly, that's all been disproved. And secondly, even if I was true, even if I had a chemical imbalance in my brain, I do not believe in depression. Next time you see a rich guy, God, he said, how'd you get rich? I've never heard anyone say, University, ever! I've never heard anyone say, it's a lie, it's a scam. When I was 16, I saw the guy in the Ferrari, I was like, I'm going to college and he isn't and he ain't going to work. He knows something, I don't know. I knew at 16 everything they tell me was a lie. But there's still people who think they have five years to wait in college. Five years, I'm 37. Let's conserve it conservatively estimate I make for myself. Corridor, let's say five years ago, I was probably making 20. That's the difference five years ago. Five years, I'm not going to sit there and do what? Read a book from 22 years ago?  Go party. Oh, fraternity. Bro, competence is confidence. I think they go hand in hand. You're going to be confident in doing things you're good at. And I understood I had to get good at things from a very young age. And I was challenged from a very young age to constantly test myself in endless competition. My whole life has been competition. Good. I was just tournaments from a very young age. Yeah. And then it was professional fighting. My whole life's been a massive competition. Right. And I understood there's winners and losers. And that's how the world operates. To this day right now is the same thing. And you just get good at the idea of competition. I think there's a lot of people out here who don't realize they're in a fight. Or they know they're in a fight that they want to ignore the fact that they don't fight. Because they don't want to have to accept that they're losing. So they wake up and say, oh, I'm just a man living life. Really? Yeah, they're too comfortable. Mental health and depression is an interesting one. Because like you look at Tyson Fury, right? How can you not respect the heavyweight champ? Gypsy K. G, right? And he was talking about how he was depressing, how he could fought his way out of it.  everything. Huge respect for the guy. He was depressed and the only way he fall and beat his depression was one day he got up, grabbed himself by the boot straps, got in the gym, became back, came to champ again, brought himself back to the former champion he was. He did it himself, right? And I think that that's really the only way any of these things can be beat. I think if I were to talk to Tyson or Tyson were to talk to anybody, he'd say the same thing, he'd say look end of the day, even if you're struggling, it's you that's gonna have to get up and get the work done and change your life. I think that a lot of the help which has been reported now by the system, by the matrix, isn't designed to help. I think it's designed to keep people in this state of depression because when you're depressed you're submissive. You don't care about what happens to you depressed. Depressed people aren't gonna riot against a new law or against COVID tyranny because they're depressed, they're too busy, they're at home when they're sad. The best option the best thing to do is still to get up, be in that all, control your emotions, be stoic and do the things you're supposed to do today, have today. Laying in bed and doing  nothing is never going to be the best option. Best option is still to go to the gym, to work hard, to run your business, to be successful. So it doesn't matter, we're talking about the different positions on the chess board. But if the rules of the game remain the same, regardless of the position, you're still trying to win. You still have to do the same things. So, does it even matter? At this point, if you come along and say he's depressed because of X, and he's depressed because of Y, he's depressed because of Z, and the answer to all of them is still the same thing, that I don't give a fuck why you're depressed. All I know, what I will stay is a matter of fact, is this world is hyper competitive, especially as a man. How do you think men can build more confidence in like deciding their life instead of just letting it be decided for them? Yeah, so they have to take absolute responsibility, which is the first thing. The second thing, they have to get competence and competence is going to allow you to have confidence. You're not going to be good at shit, if you're bad at shit, you have to be good at things. You're only going to be confident at things if you're good at things. I know what I'm good at and what I'm bad at. So you have to go out there and take risks, you have to make mistakes, you have to risk it all. And once again, this comes down to competition, I think competition is such an important thing in the masculine world. I grew up in the chess world and I went to fighting world as all extremely competitive competition.  and driven, you can't make excuses. If I sit here and say I lost a fight, cool, you lost a fight. But I lost a fight, but my gloves, when they were wrapped up, my gloves, my hand was hurting, and then the wrap is broken. Bro, you lost. Like, no one gives a fuck. Like, you have to understand that excuses don't matter. Nobody cares, life's binary, winners or losers. And you just have to take absolute responsibility for all of it. I was walking to a school to college with my couple of my friends in a Ferrari drift past. And I said, bro, you see that? And he goes, yeah, what about it? And I said, doesn't that piss you off? I'll must've got 16, he goes, why? So this dude has 400 Gs for a car, 400 grand. I'm walking four miles to college, and my mom hasn't got any car. He has 400 grand. Do you think he works a job? Do you think he's fucking behind a counter somewhere? He knows something about the world that I don't know. Yeah. And they were like, well, he's rich. I'm like, yeah, I know, I didn't say he wasn't rich dummy. I'm saying he knows something about the world I don't know. And I was intrigued and it angered me. I couldn't sleep for weeks. I was pissed off. Every time I saw somebody with genuine money, I understood that everything I was being told and...  tall and they're trying to make me believe just simply wasn't true. I was like this is bullshit. None of these people are getting these things by following the path and the system is trying to make me follow. Nobody and everybody intrinsically knows this. If you go to a, if you're a BP, you're a petrication and I pull up in my Lamborghini. Nobody goes, wow, he went to school. He's studying car. It's over 10% into the year now. I wonder if anyone who made a New Year's resolution sits and says it's over 10% into the year. Am I at 10% of my goal? Because your stupid ass said you were going to be a millionaire when you were drunk on New Year's Eve. Well, you need to have 100 grand saved. Do you have 100,000? Have you even done the feedback on your own goal you made 30 short days ago to realize that you're nowhere near it and you're not going to make it and you're a loser? No. Oh, I got the rest of the year. And then wonder why they failed. You'd have a daily target. And then it's just a full-on cycle for them yearly. Of course. It's going to be a million  So you need to constantly feedback and analyze your life and take time out of scenarios. I do this all the time. There's been times I've got up at a bed and I've got ready and I've got my keys and I've got my phone and I've stroked my dog and I've had my coffee down to quickly and it was just the right temperature so it wasn't too hot. It wasn't too cold and I got in my car which would already have been starting my for our security team and it was already warm and I got in and I was out the door. I was like I got out of the door in six minutes. That's like two minutes faster than normal. Yeah that was good. What did I do good? Well the coffee. The coffee wasn't too hot. It wasn't too cold. I was out on my way. More is too cold no one. Another one. The coffee was just the right temperature. When was it made? I'll check the message where I sent them to take me a coffee and it sounds crazy but I'll analyze how I left the fucking house while I'm driving. I'll be like that was fast. That was good. Why do some men do what they do? Why did Elon decide to put rockets in space instead of just retire? He was rich after PayPal. It's fairly different. Why? Why did Alexander the Great need all that land? Why did men go to the Antarctic to try to...  and cross the icy, barren, empty planes and freeze to death to just be the first man who did it. Why do that? You can't even put on Facebook back then. Who gives a shit? Some men are built different, sir. Some men want to do it because it hasn't been done. And that is the reason why. They do not need much more motivation than the fact they will be first. There isn't much motivation to get on a rocket and be the first man on the moon because the probability is you're gonna die. Or get stuck up there and never make it back. Or even if you do go and you do come back half the people on earth won't believe you went at all. So why would you do that unless you're just that kind of guy? It's feminist sit and complain about men and say well men have this, men have that. But they're talking about 2% of men. They're fascinating. They don't talk about all men. They say men have the best jobs. 2% of men have the best jobs. Most men carry trash. So you're talking crap. So everyone accepts that the best possible human experience exists is to talk.  2% of men. Anything below that sucks as a man. You're better off being a chick. So what I say to men is, look, life's hard, it's always going to be hard, it's always going to suck, it always has. The only way to get out is to become excellent and perform at a level where your echelon is so high that you get to live this brand new experience. You need to become strong and smart and interesting and charismatic. You need to become rich, powerful, well-known, connected. You need to do it. But could all men do that? No. So, okay. But I have to tell them the truth. When people come along to me and say, my life's shit, and I look at them and go, yes. People are genuinely not out here giving their absolute best because if you were, you'd have everything you've ever desired. You'd have anything you've ever wanted and asked for. Instead, what people do is they cope and convince themselves to try. Oh, I tried, but I need to work life balance and it's hard and I was trying all garbage, all coated. And like I said earlier, life is war. If you're a man and you don't view the world as war, I can't imagine how you view the world. My entire world.  you is war. I was actually having this conversation the other day about why I avoid extreme sports. This is some girl. I'm just like, would you ever jump out of a plane with me? I'm like, pitch. No. Why do you? Because my life is extreme. But my life is hard. I'm at what? If your life is extreme and you're already at war, the last thing you want to do is jump out of a plane. You want a safety. I want to be left alone. The only thing a woman can give me back at my status in life is absolute devotion to protect my spirit. I need a woman who loves me completely and not early. I don't expect her to have financial incentive to look after me. I don't expect her to be physically capable of dealing with my problems. I don't expect her to be even, my problems are very complex. I don't expect her to be sitting there, about a computer trying to work them out. I expect her to sit there and go, I love you so much. I'm just worried about you and I just care about you. Everything's about love. That's all about love. Now that's what I want because that's a fair exchange. I can take a woman all around the world, spend a bunch of money on her. I can be top G, spend all this money, give her a life she could never see. If she truly, if I am true,  the center of her universe. She is giving me value back and that's why I'm looking to go out here and fuck bitches who barely care about me or just for most of it to the club for a one night because she's winning. I'm just like throwing money down the drain. What if Kim Kardashian slides in your DMs and says, hey, take I want a piece of that. How are you responding? I'm kind of careful about talking about celebrities now. You trying to get a ticked eye on them? I end up meeting them all. A woman's job is in my view the women who mean the most to me or the women who truly protect my spirit by just loving me and caring about me and using their intuition to truly want the absolute best for me. Do you feel like your stress comes from holding on to what you hold dear, that pride aspect of things? Like I got to be top G. Nobody's top G. I'm top G. You know where I actually think it comes from? I actually think it comes from because I know I've only reached 10% of what I can actually do. Let's go. And that bothers me. And how much money I'm making or how was Google Man alive, whatever, whatever? I can still identify the inefficiencies in my systems. I can still identify where more...  money could have been made. And money isn't that important. But like we said, money is a very simple way to measure success because it's numbers. Numbers are easy. This number, that number. It's easy. What does a company do when it wants to measure the success of a company? It looks at the numbers. What is a YouTube channel do? It looks at the numbers. Numbers are easy. So if you're going to say, how do I be successful in life? Money is not everything. But it's a nice easy way to measure because it's numbers. And then when you understand it's the time and energy of other people, you sit and go, okay, well, I have this large empire now and I have all these people who work for me and all these people I love and all these people I care about and all these children and all this going on. And the world is getting more and more messed up and everything's on a decline and everything's being destroyed. And certain number of people are going to become useless eaters are going to be eradicated. And they're going to try to lock us all in our 15 minute seas for the climate or some garbage that's coming in no time. How do I comb back and fight all of this and protect all the people I care about? Well, I need the time and energy of others. I need an army so I need money. It's not practice. It's feedback. If you don't analyze what you've done, then you're not going to identify your mistakes and where you can improve. I will watch this podcast back 10 times.  and I will realize all the times I stuttered or all the times I had to repeat myself or all the times I didn't use a word I was supposed to use. And that's why next time I do a podcast, it will be better than even before. And that's also a lesson you can take and apply towards life. You can apply the feedback aspect towards life. Practice alone will not improve you. Practice is going to build habits. In fact, from fighting, I know this very well. If you allow a student to come and learn bad habits in the beginning, it's very hard to get out of them. This is why most people when they talk on podcasts are sick. I can't listen to that shit. You don't even speak English. Why are you sitting there? You don't speak English? Why is it so hard to get your point across? Well, if you can't get your point across compendiously and you can't articulate yourself in a concise manner, how do you expect other people to affiliate with your worldview? I've never met anybody who is fantastic shape and you say, how do you get fantastic shape and he goes, oops, done all roads, oops, no absolutely not. I went to gym every day. I was a particular way. I had a meal plan. I died.  It nothing is gonna happen on accident. Yeah. This accident, this mindset of when my ship comes in, one day, my ship, one day, it's just gonna all you do in Lorry, maybe. And there's another thing's actually funny, you're talking about win the lottery. I used to dream win the lottery, bro. How much is a lottery win nowadays? It depends on the win. Could be anything, six, seven? No, not your opinion. I don't know anything about the lottery, because I think it sucks. But man, like I used to dream win the lottery through my life of change, and now like six, seven million, especially, that's a year. That's a year of change, that's nothing. Like, it's not even money anymore. It's crazy how the perception is. But even if you win the lottery, 90% of lottery winners within 10 years are in the exact same situation. Completely, because they think it's a lot of money. It's not even a lot of money. Couple of six, seven million pounds is zero in a real world. It's zero. Some people really need a female in their life, because they need that kind of stability and direction of motivation. I'm not that guy. I do not need a woman to tell me to go work. I do not need her to tell me to put the video games down. I do not need to be cooked for and mothered. Like, it's nice if she does, but I'll survive.  I did all this myself. I'll be okay. Like the menial tasks you complete. I can hire somebody to do. It's not a big deal I I absolutely believe in love. I believe in family. I believe having kids is an amazing thing But does that mean I'm ever gonna live the completely traditional I'm at home wife says come home That's never gonna happen. That's not who I am as a man if I have a woman who I love with all my heart and we have children I'm still gonna be out to whenever the fuck I'm out. I might be gone for two weeks. I'm out. See you see you in two weeks And if during those two weeks I meet a big you whatever it is it is what it is doesn't mean I don't love my woman at home Doesn't mean I'm not gonna come back to her, but I'm I'm just true to I'm just true to my instinct as a man I don't think I should apologize for it. I think a lot of people are socially conditioned to apologize for things That's not me because everyone pretends they give a fuck but nobody does especially women And I don't get attacked for women, but women truly don't give a fuck If you ask a woman the kind of man she wants she will never say depressed or sad ever She wants a man who is ultra capable ultra competent. I literally had women say to me You know what I love being around you. Well, I don't have to think  What do you mean? Because I just turn up and like, we just walk in the hotel and everyone's staff do anything we want and the Jets just on the runway and we just land and I'm in this beautiful place and I don't even know where I am and I get to just turn my brain off and it's great. Like they want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and success, they don't have time for sad dudes, they don't care. So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're gonna sit there and self-diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're gonna have a shit life and nobody's ever gonna give a fuck and you're gonna perpetually lose forever. And as your decision, I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even wanna accept that as a reality that can possibly exist. I don't give a shit what happens to me in my life. I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, most heinous things like a possibly imagined happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression will be temporary because I will never fail loser. It is against my creed, it's not my deal. Anything in the world that makes you happy that you currently have, whether it's a person, whether it's a job, whether it's a scenario, whatever it is.  also has the exact inverse capability to make you extremely angry. So you have to accept this. You're quite detached, man. You're quite detached from everything that you also own. You say you love it, but at the same time you're okay with letting go. Well, that's because I think I have confidence in myself to get it all back. And that's also because I have quite a lot of emotional control. And then perhaps maybe I'm a little bit of a sadist, I don't know, but when bad things happen to me, I just... You love it. Yeah, I kind of enjoy it. And I think that maybe it's perhaps I just enjoy it for the story. Perhaps my whole life is not about trying to find comfort, trying to find challenges, and it's trying to find stories. I'll be very honest with you. Even in jail, my brother and I kept saying this is probably the best story, one of our best ever stories. That's what life is about to me. And if you were to say to me right now, Andrew, do you want to spend a year living in comfort and flying around the world and sleeping with girls and doing whatever, or do you want to spend a year in a jail in Mongolia? I'd probably choose the jail.  I had real jobs and I did real things. I was really broke and I was really on the boss and really trying to pay rent and doing real stuff for a long time I wrote a line in here, and I think you could relate to it A poor man is broke a rich man is broken So if you're broke you could figure out a way to be rich But if you were given everything and you don't know how to manage this life You're broken and you don't feel like you've earned anything I've met more depressed rich men and I've met depressed broken it It's amazing you say that because there's two answers to that my first one is I love that you say that because I always say I'm not rich I'm a poor man with a lot of money. I always used to say that and I don't want a brag or anything But just because I could ask this question a lot. I've been extremely successful I've hundreds of millions of dollars in fact I think our last valuation across everything we own was almost that beat now. So I'm very very yeah I'm a billionaire top G's a billionaire. So we're doing extremely well. That's the first thing the second thing It's actually it's great that you say that because I completely agree because if you're  If you're born with everything, if you're born with all this money, that you have no aspiration, nothing gets you to craft, grasp onto and try and to achieve, then money doesn't make you happy. Just teaches you that if you lose, at some point you made a mistake. It doesn't matter if it's the smallest mistake, it doesn't matter if you just took too long, too long to think, to make the right move, and you run out of time on the clock. At some point you fucked up if you lose that game. It was 100% accountability with no luck. That's what's so important about learning chess. What's the first thing? The second thing is, you need to, as a man, adopt the mindset that absolutely everything that happens to you is completely an earlier fault, whether it's good or bad. And most men don't have that. Most men don't have that. When the matrix was attacking me and they were destroying me, when they're calling out my ex's trying to get fake fucking charges on me, putting in jail. When they close my banking accounts, I'll use $10, $11 million. When they ban me on all course social media, they're not lying about me, when they harass my family, I'm sitting there going, this is my phone. All of this is me. I got years, my phone. I'm not going. That was unfair. It was orchestrated. The NGOs worked against me because I...  It's not health. It's accountability. It's 100% accountability in all things. But also when I go out there and I start to Bugatti, it's like, that's me. This is my fault. The car's my fault and the big house is my fault and everything that ever goes wrong is my fault. It's an expensive failure. Yeah, absolutely. You have to take complete and our accountability for everything. Say try and convince you, don't worry if you're being a loser because people feel sorry for you and you'll get attention for it and you'll be okay in the end. And it's all this temporary fixes of dopamine by saying, I'm sad, don't worry bro, you'll be okay. But this bullshit, they don't care long term, the world doesn't care. Nobody really cares, chicks don't care, business doesn't care, you are going to fail. That's what happens in schools now, doesn't it? Everyone gets a prize. No, it's garbage. It calls it's garbage. Absolutely. You've got to have winners, you've got to have losers. You have to lose to know how to win. It's true and the natural state of man is a competitive state of man. That man have always been competing with each other. Even now, right now, we compete with each other. I don't buy Ferraris to drive fast. I do sometimes, but am I in London traffic? It's about to go quick. This is show everyone else. I'm Richard.  Now, that's where it is. It's a never-ending go-pitch. I don't wear a big diamond patek with fucking half a million dollars to tell the time. I feel the time of my phone. I do it because I'm loaded. Life is a man of shit. It's always been shit. It's never been good. When men wake up and say I'm depressed, life is hard and I'm sad. And I'm struggling right now. I say, okay, throughout history, men have always struggled. Happiness is for children and women. Name a time in history that was better to be a man. Was it better to be a man in World War II? Was it better to be a man on the Titanic? Was it better to be a man in the Napoleonic Wars? Was it better to be a man when you were sitting in Vienna on the Mongol Horde arrived, ready to decapitate any male and enslave all the females? When's it ever been good to be a man? Building the pyramids? Was that fun? It's always sucked. The only time being a man ever is good is if you become an exceptional man, which is even something feminist said, man. Because feminist sit and complain about men and say, well, men have this, men have that. But they're talking about 2% of men. Fascinating. They don't talk about all men.  You're a man in the middle and you don't have the light yet. Often you'll find the light by jumping into the dark. Yep. What does Newton say? They're equal in opposite force. The deeper you go, if we imagine, let's imagine the yin and the yang, as much as the line in the middle and you have the light and you have the dark underneath it. If you're standing in the middle, the deeper you'll dive into the dark, it's like coiling a spring. The higher you bounce back into the light. This is what's happening right now. Exactly. And this is also why I became successful in the first place. I've always been capable of fighting and going through pain and dedicate myself and doing difficult things and having hard things happen to me and being emotionally regulated. So perhaps what's so interesting about it is even if I want the dark to matter how deep I dive into it, how much mess I try and get myself in, I'm just going to end up springing back and having more fans and more followers and more people talking about me and more social media. It's the evil. Can't make excuses ever. There's never an excuse. And you're right. People try and put things on the outward, outwards on the outside. It's interesting. I'm here watching Forest Gump about five years ago. I was on a plane.  I remember we're all flying and the beginning of Forest Gump has a scene in it, which I don't think many people actually have ever analyzed or anticipated or understood what the scene means. But when he's sitting on the bench at the beginning, think about it for a scum. He's sitting on the bench at the beginning and there's a feather going out there. And then it lands on him and the movie begins. What they're saying with that is, Forest is the feather and life has just pushed him all over and put him in all these unusual scenarios. Life has directed him everywhere. That's what it's saying. And if you're going to be the guy and you're going to allow life to happen to you and you're not going to happen to life, then you're at mercy of the wind. Perhaps it might work out okay, but it might not, right? So you have to be the guy who goes, okay, the wind's blowing in this direction. Fuck them. I'm doing this. You have to come to life. You can't let life come to you because if you let life come to you, then you're going to be living inside of a matrix in a system which is designed not for you to live your best life. 99% of what men do is for status. We want to be in good shape for status. We want the fast car for status. We want the nice house for status. We want the diamond watch. We want the Hulk girl. This is all for our status. Look at me. I'm the big dog.  This is how we compete with each other. If you're gonna be a dude who pretend that's not true or be a dude who doesn't wanna compete, your life's gonna fucking suck. That's very out of it. Do you feel like sport drilled this mentality into you because I used to be a competitive swimmer. I was always competing, trying to be the best and I'd die just to compete with radio controlled models. Yeah, how about you? Well, that's it. And that's it. What is sport? Sports, just watered down versions of war. Yeah. This is what men have always done. Friendly war. Completely. We've evolved to be in battle with each other to some regard. And if you... And they wonder why fans get so emotional as well because they're also at war with the other fans, aren't they? Completely. And that's gonna kick off at some point. Exactly. And you look at the entire planet throughout history. There are ideas which are universal. These are not ideas that could have possibly spread or shared. Because the distance is involved. It was a universal idea for the Mongols and the Chinese to fight each other and the Aztecs and whoever else to fight each other and they've tribes in Africa to fight each other. The Europeans, the French and the English for fight each other. Humans have always done this. It's just like, no, I'm the boss. No, I'm the boss. Okay, then let's find out who's the boss. And now we live in a world where I...  I think that status is the new form of combat and the true expression of testosterone is showing you can move the world with money. Do you have something to prove? I think everybody on the planet has something to prove. If you walk through life and feel like you have nothing to prove, then you're a fucking loser. If you wake up each day and go, I don't owe anybody anything. I don't have to prove anything to anybody that you are a loser because you are absolutely not the incorrect. You must prove yourself to other people. You must prove yourself to your bloodline as we just discussed. You must prove yourself to God. God hates the lazy. You can't stand them. If he gives you all these genetic dispositions and these natural God-given gifts, if you have two arms and two legs and you could think and you're not trying your absolute best, that's the reason you're not lucky. He doesn't like you. He likes the people who would show him the beauty of his own creation. He likes to give somebody building blocks and them to build something amazing, especially about being a man you have to build who you are. You can decide if you want to be a funny comedian or a musician or a kickboxing world champion, or fight the matrix, you decide whatever you want to be. I was a four-time kickboxing world champion. For 12 years, I trained by...  hours a day, six days a week. And I was motivated to train, probably about 25% of the time. But rest of the time I went because I am disciplined. Just like you're talking about your ultramarathon. You don't feel like going through that shit on a Wednesday morning when you wake up, but you have to do it because you're disciplined. You're either a disciplined individual or you are not a disc. Just sit there and say, and I'm going to tell you the truth, Rip. A shit spiral, what does that mean? You go on PornHub or you start clicking on cat videos on YouTube. Like if you really want in money, you would not do that. The number one thing people don't have control of in their lives is their mind. But what's funny about that is the only thing in life you can truly control is your mind. You can't control other people, you can't control the weather, can't even control your health. Your heart might stop beating, you don't make it beat. It just goes so it's going to turn off one day. The only thing you can control in your life is what you think in your mind. So if you're going to sit there and go on sad, well you can change that if you actually try, but you don't, you're just accepted.  right? So people have lost control of their own minds and I don't understand why you would allow your mind, your own mind to take power from you. Why would you believe in your let your own mind convince you you're not a lucky person or I'm not this or I'm not confident? Why would you let your own mind sabotage you? Why wouldn't you reprogram your own mind to be on your team? Should be your ally, right? My mind is my ally. You can put me, you can dump me in a bikini in the fucking Arctic Circle to die. Two days later I'm coming to your house, knocking the door with three girlfriends and a Cadillac. I'm not gonna sit there and go, shit, I'm gonna die. I'm gonna be like, okay, Andrew, you're the man. I don't know if what the fuck we're gonna do. But you're gonna pull this off. You have to be good enough on your worst day to beat your opponent on his best day. On the day he feels motivated and gets out of bed and wants to fight and he's ready to go and he's on the top of his game and you feel the absolute opposite. You want to lay in bed, you don't want to move, you don't want to go anywhere, but you have to get up and have to fight this man. You have to be good enough to beat him anywhere, you have to beat that.  Good. Life often gives you chances and you get one shot. You don't get to replay them. You don't get to rerun them. Even the ones that you do get to rerun. You do get to replay. I guarantee if you pull it off first time every time your life would be completely different than if you pulled it off on the second time every time. Be a different trajectory. There will be no failure in the mix. The air wouldn't be stained with the stench of your inadequacy. You must be that good. That no matter what happens in life, even when the matrix attacks you, even when you get curved bald, you can put on a nice suit. You can pull out some money from somewhere, put on a diamond watch and pull it off. Have to be that guy. The way you're going to do that is by training. You have to practice. Then you have to be held accountable amongst other men who are extremely capable in all realms. You can't be hanging around with losers because losers will allow you to lose. You need to be hanging around with winners because winners will not allow you to lose. We hate losers. We know they like them around us. They stain our air. Train harder. But I get a message from whoever. I left them. I'm devastated. I say I understand.  I completely understand how hard it can be to lose a woman that you've given your entire life to. And you've been done so many nice things. And then because of one thing you did, her innate and absolutely insane level of ungratefulness has turned her bitter. And she now talks to you like she hates you over one thing you've done. After thousands of efforts showing how dedicated you are to her. And even now that you're prepared to die for her, she doesn't give a shit about you. I understand that pain. But my answer is good. It's still good. Now take all of that pain and instead of emailing me, do this. And then you're going to become the kind of person that we don't leave to venue it. If you don't believe in depression, you can't be depressed. Or you can be, okay, I feel a bit pissed off, time to get up and go get it. Let's hit the gym, bang, hit the club. I'm going to make some things happen in my life. But if you do believe in depression, the second you feel sad, the first thing you do is sit down and go, this isn't my fault I feel this way.  I have it seems nothing is gonna make me better and you're gonna get worse So this is the whole point this is what was amazing when I said depression was a real I said if all you cuz I was get attacked by you know all the avatar and on characters I'm depressed you don't understand my friends So I was like listen if depression is really so horrible. Why are you all defending it so Fervently so it's real. It's real. It's so powerful. It's real Why are you defending this horrible thing? Why do you sit there and go? You know what you're right Andrew fuck depression? But they wanted to defend it because it's an identity Something that allows them to feign Individuality it's something that allows them to It's an excuse. It's a it's a ready made excuse for all of life's failures. I'm a loser, but it's not my fault But of depression so it is fucking coping mechanism in certain scenarios There's absolutely no benefit to doubting yourself What I was about to get in the cage even if I knew the guy was a killer There is no benefit to me thinking I'm gonna lose or I might lose there's no  benefit. If I lose, I lose, right? But you have to completely believe you're gonna win. That's the only way you're gonna do your best. Yeah, that's right. So I would never believe I'm unlucky. I would never believe anything negative about myself because I refuse to self-sabotage. I've enough people out in the world want to sabotage me. I'm gonna do it to myself. You with haters? A few. A few. But yeah, I'm absolutely an extremely lucky person. And I know I've been lucky in my life. A lot of hard work went in as well, but yeah, there's a degree of luck in everything. But I'm an exceptionally lucky person. Of course, I'm an except you look at this. I'm never sitting here in a mansion in a Miami that you rented something. Yeah, we're in a mansion in Miami and we're doing the warm summit and we've got like 15 guys here and it's a honey master here. How many masks zero? Yeah. I'm talking with the president of the manosphere. Life's good, right? Life's good. And I control my mind. My mind doesn't sabotage me. My mind, my mind will never say anything negative about me or what I can do or what I've done ever. Depression is not real because that allows me to become more better. I don't give a shit what people are.  person or psychologist comes in here and tries to explain to me how the pressure works. I'm more competitive if I don't believe in it because then the bad things happen to me that doesn't cross my mind that I might catch the pressure. It doesn't have even an idea in my content. Interestinger and Jail, everyone's depressed. With smoke and cigarettes dancing around. We can't be depressed because we don't believe in it. So I'll only adopt ideas that make me hyper-competitive. And sometimes that's going to make you very humble. Sometimes it's very competitive to think shit on my views here. Sometimes competitive to be delusional think you can't lose. If you corner me and there's no way out but to fight a 10 minute or trying to kill me, I'm going to believe I can win. Delusional baby for the next and most competitive. That's why I believe fuck you. I've decided my brain works that way. Which mindset is the most competitive? Which mindset is the most useful to me right now? Which emotion is the most useful to me? I can literally change emotions. We can all change our emotions if we really want to. We can all think of ourselves as a side. We can all think of ourselves as a side. Everyone can do it. When people take too long to do it. They need 10 minutes. Get good at it. Give yourself a few seconds. And then you have to decide.  which emotion puts me in the most competitive state right now. And you'll often find that happy is not one you choose for it on. It's not a competitive emotion that we have. For 5,000 years, people were dodging saber suit tooth tigers and catching the plague and running from Genghis Khan just for my stupid ass to be born. I don't owe them anything, though I owe them a thing because I want to play video games. These people are fucking useless. You should walk through Earth with force inside of you. If I walk, as I walk into this hotel reception, everybody plays. Not because they know who I am, but because as I move, even if it's behind their head, people feel something and they go, it's an energy that comes from brutal competence. It's almost like an evolutionary thing where a rabbit can just smell a fox. It just knows. That's what happens when a predator walks in a room, even amongst humans. You pay attention to something in a restaurant. If a man who's truly dangerous walks in, nearly every other man.  kind of looks up at the same time. Feel it. You need to or you don't survive. We've evolved with that to live. That's who I am. I couldn't imagine not being that man. There's a difference between one and one and I say this all the time. People say to me I want to be rich and I say okay well I want to be able to ice skate but I don't want to be able to ice skate enough to go learn how to ice skate because I can't be bothered. I mean surely if I could click my fingers and be a finger skater I'd click my fingers. Who wouldn't? But I don't want to actually go train because it's because I don't I don't want to end up and this is the exact point with money everyone wants money put on their lap. If you truly wanted money you wouldn't be able to sleep until you fucking had it. And this is the point. So you're saying you go down a shit spiral then then you're not cow to be rich my friend get a job in Starbucks. You piss off. Some people because when I had nothing I couldn't be distracted. You couldn't distract me from what I wanted. That's who I am. I want something I'm gonna get it. So I don't know what more you want me to say. I do not need to be  I'm a disciplined person. Why allocate X amount of time to work? I'm gonna do it. You think he's proud of you? I'm certain he's proud of me. And it's amazing how much strength I can get from that. It's amazing how much strength you can get from knowing that your ancestors looking down on you and you're doing your absolute best. I also believe that Gald can be proud of you when you do your absolute best. And I don't think many people genuinely do their best in the world anymore. When I say do your best, people sit and go, oh yeah, okay. Now, when is the last time you actually did your best? Like, I don't train to run Marathon dogs. But I know if I gave my best, I could run a marathon right now, first try. If I gave my best, life depending on it. Once the last time people have genuinely given their best to anything, there are people going through the world and going through life today that don't give their best or 100% effort to anything ever. Ever. They can't remember the last time they tried. So when I'm sitting in a dungeon, I'm sitting in a Romanian jail cell. I understand that it is a chance that Gald has given me and my ancestors are watching for me to do my absolute best. And to show to them that I am the man I say.  I am. You can't become the most famous man in the world for mental resilience and God not test your mental resilience. I think that would be a very amateur way to view the world that you can now become one of the most famous men in the world who talks about mental discipline and mental resilience and God's not going to test it. I think God's going to come along and say, okay, you want to be Mr. Famous. All right, let's see what you have. You're not going to be able to compete with the person who performs regardless of how they feel if you only compete when you feel like competing, right? Because there's men like me out there who will be sad every day and out competing regardless. I don't care how I feel. I will so win. And that's the kind of mindset you need to adopt. So I don't want to know how to job to do. Stop whining. Don't work completely. I agree. Completely. So when men say, oh, I don't I feel sad. Who cares? The world doesn't care. All the men who are out here to destroy you and take your girl. Don't care. So why are you? Why do you care? Like the only the person you should care least is you. You're the only person who wakes up every day who should have a genuine vested interest in improving your life.  If nobody else wakes up and wants to improve your life, only you. So if nobody else cares about how you feel, why do you care? You asked me about the fact that how I afraid they're going to pull it in my head. They're going to pull it in orange. Do you understand? At least I get to die first. At least they remember my name. If we all have to jump off the cliff, at least I get to go first. Wait, Jack, wait, Lads. Well, Andrew Tate went first. You're all going to die. The only way to stay alive as a man now is to not be a man anymore. To be a chick. I'd be afraid because men are the cowards. Oh, don't kill me. No, okay. I refuse. I refuse absolutely. Just shoot me. We'll put me back in jail. It's fine. I refuse. Until I lay down, I'll drive my Ferrari around. I'm going to say whatever I want. But what's going to happen? Don't get... I don't care anymore. Put me in jail. Put me back in jail. I don't care. I worked out something that's actually...  fantastic for everyone at home who's worried about going to jail. To all the men at home because they're going to come for all of us if you have any kind of opinion or your dear girlfriend not to sleep with other men, somehow that makes you control it. My argument also for depression is you're depressed fine. Have you trained today? That doesn't change what you should do with your life. Depressed or not. And I don't say this because I'm an eternally happy person. I say this because I've experienced all ranges of few in emotion. I was in a Romanian jail cell with cockroaches crawling all over me as I slept. I never missed a day of training. I wouldn't say I was particularly happy. But push-ups must be done. So they got done. Did you? You're very close to your brother. Correct. And you were locked away for part of that with him. Did you fun at all with him? Yes. I do think there's something inside of men. Whereas if you're with your boys or with your group of men, there's something inside of us. Totally. And it allows you to make the absolute best of the worst situations. Maybe that's a evolution from war. You know, all the men went to war and you saw all this pain and suffering. And you saw the heads...  people to capitated and you're injured, but then you sit around the camp, fire in your laughing. You're laughing. It's something inside of us. It's like a coping mechanism in your around men. So when me and him were together, no matter how bad this scenario, or what they tried to do to us, part of us would just look at each other like. So great. And you find joy in that. And yeah, there's definitely, and that's another thing I think a lot of men are lacking. A lot of men are missing is a masculine support network. I think buddies. Buddies. You know, you talk to a guy and say, what was the highlight of your life? What was the best time of your life? And they'll say, oh, college football. It's not about the football. It's about the team. Yeah. And I think a lot of that's destroyed as well. Because also when you, it's interesting how everything interconnects. When you destroy honor and principle, and the masculine essence inside of men, well now as a man, it's very hard to have friends. I wouldn't want to have a male friend who had no principles, no honors, and didn't work hard and was always crying about being sad. But what I hang around with him for is a loser. I don't think many men especially understand even if you don't have the strength to...  be a hero for yourself, you should have enough discipline and enough honor to want to be a hero for somebody else. And if you have other people you truly respect, you should want to be a hero for them. And I think that's the masculine imperative. If someone's gonna attack your wife, that's when you become a hero. For her. You have to. What kind of man are you if you're not? And you can apply that to other things. If you apply that to your ancestors, you apply that to God, or you apply that to your beliefs, or your core principles as a man, then you can be a hero anytime you want. If I had left jail mentally broken and financially broken, it wouldn't have made me more famous. So, and physically broke. Because all those three things could have happened. Please understand, I was in 24 hour a day locked down. My cell was half the size of this room, and I didn't leave. I didn't get gym. I didn't come out looking all scrawny. I didn't get good nutrition. I didn't get good food. I had most people in there, I had mental health problems. If I were to come out, they're all skinny and mentally broken, then they would have been game over. So there's also a degree of my competence in all things. But the people who laugh at me going to jail don't understand that there's no light without drugs.  and I'm an expert, I guess, if you were to say one of my skills is, I'm an expert at being hard on myself, and if life's gonna be hard on me, I'm gonna I keto that into power. I would believe I'm a stronger version of myself, Post Jail. And if you put me back, I'll immerse stronger than ever before. Send me to jail. Fine. Send me to jail. Right now, I'll go. I'm not gonna fight. Put me in handcuffs. Send me to jail. The day you let me out, I'll be a stronger version of the day I went in. So what do I have to fear? Because if you truly want an exceptional life, this is one of the mistakes a lot of people make. They want an exceptional life, but they only want the exceptional good. With their powers. Right? I want a lot of money and fast cars. Cool. You don't want the exceptional stress. You want the exceptional car collection. You don't want the exceptional stress. You want to be me when I'm flying my Bugahi on a A3AE and I'm in first class Emirates and my Bugahi's below me and I'm filming it for take off at Endshow. You want that, but you don't want to be me when I'm in a Romanian Dunn.  But there is no like, if you want the exceptional good, you're gonna have the exceptional bad. That is a law of the universe. You can't be broken. That is not human law. That's universal law. So if you're seeing a home saying, I want an exceptional life, then you have to be prepared for both the good and the bad. For everything is hyper competitive, especially the sexual marketplace. Like if you're a 52 year old, overweight, average income, no fame, dude, and you have to find a girl, it's gonna be pretty difficult to find a good one. This could be very hard. So it will like, of course, he's lonely. And his kids don't respect him. They're busy. Like of course, he's sad. Like it's actually heartbreaking to discuss. It is heartbreaking. But then how do you prevent that happening? Well, then you need to be a man of honor and principle and make sure that you keep your support networks and make sure that your woman does respect you. And a woman's gonna respect you when she says she sees other men respect you. Yes. And they're only gonna respect you for respect yourself. But to respect yourself, you have to be the kind of person who says no. So if you're not prepared for the bad, what's gonna happen on your assent to good as you begin to get anywhere?  Something will happen, some degree of stress or whatever, and it's gonna derail you and you're never gonna get to the highest echelon So I've always been ready for the bad. I'm totally prepared for the bad. I was made in the dark molded by it I'm being put me in the bath my whole life's been bad. My whole life's been terrible I've got I know nothing but pain. What's really scary is this 37 group on a council estate. I was broke from most of my life. I mean hold my money myself And even I have to stay Because I look at them and go you didn't try at all I Did it with all of the pain I went through and all the problems I had while also fighting and become a kickboxing world champion I still managed to do it. You started a higher bracket than me you started from a middle income at home Your dad was so you had food. I don't have food that I was a world champion How did you fail so massively? And I look at them and just think of them as your an idiot  And if I feel that, imagine how the elites look at us. Imagine you're born into a lineage, a bloodline that have been in charge of the banks forever. Imagine how you view people. You think you give a shit whether they live or die? I'm talking about someone who's only been rich for 10 years. And when someone comes and complains to me about being broke, I'm like, oh, you're a W. You're a tryinger. So imagine you're born, filthy rich, and your family's always been rich. And you're told about how your family's always controlled everything because you're smart with them. Imagine how much disdain the elites truly have to the common man. Most men are walking through life and they don't realize that he's constant competition. I was driving here, even as I was driving here, I was looking at the windows, and all these people who just walking around, wanted him to fucking croissant, one of them was dressed like a dick egg, because it's London, and he thinks he's fucking looks cool, because fucking moron. We've all seen them, moron. Some of the dudes just talking shit on the phone. Some other guy with headphones in waiting to be fucking murdered wouldn't even hear it coming. And all these NPCs, I'm just looking at them going, do they realize they're an endless constant competition? Every...  single pound they want, someone else wants. Every single girl they want, someone else wants. There are people like me out here. I will destroy, you could get all 30 of them in a room, and I will sit by myself and absolutely annihilate them in any single metric. And they're just sitting there just fucking floundering and wandering through life unaware of how competitive the world is. Well, I'm winging how I'm fangrious. And winging how unfair it is. And this is my point. If the world is truly that competitive, you do not have time to be depressed because it's a non-competitive mind state. The reality of masculine is controlling your emotions. This is the reality being a man. They try and say that men should give in and it's okay to cry. I'm not saying you can never cry. Something bad to the paparazzi saying that the tenets of masculinity since the dawn of time have been I was afraid by did anyway. This is the tenets of masculinity. I have a courage. That's what courage is. I was afraid to storm the beaches of Normandy, but I did anyway. I was afraid to stay in the Titanic, but I did it anyway. This is the whole tenets of masculinity. And now they're saying all of your frayed, just act afraid, be a pussy. Whenever somebody gives you their opinion on anything, listen to the opinion and then stop and look at who told it. Because you never want to...  I adopt the thinking of somebody who you don't want to be, because they're thinking made them. So whatever they believe in their mind is why they are the person they are. So if somebody sits and says, you should be more humble. I sit and think, okay, it's my logical is of my brain works. He believes I should be more humble. That's how his mind operates. The closer my mind operates to his mind, the more likely I am to be like him. Who is he? And I'll look at the person who said that to me and say, no, thank you. No, sir, I refuse it. It being humble, is that how you got to where you are? Is that how you got? You keep humble. I'll keep winning. You can give it. Because most people who talk about humble, all they really want is not be reminded of how they have failed. They don't want me to make it clear to them that they have failed. You say to yourselves, you know what, I'm reading all this shit on Twitter about dropshade, shitting me. Will it make money with it, no, I don't know. You know what, this weekend, I'm gonna start a dropshade. If you actually...  You're safe. And then you're like, okay, well, I said it, that's what I have to do. Saturday comes around. Even if you don't want to do it, even if you're not in the mood, whatever, whatever. But because you found the motivation to previously say it, and you're not the kind of guy who lies to himself, you're not a coward. I'm a coward. I'm not full of shit. I mean why I said it. Why do you have to play Saturday? You might have a drop of shipping company where you at least know more, where you'll at least look into it. You might be making a hundred bucks a day, who knows, might change your life. So all you have to do is find the motivation to say things. I say to Tristan, yeah, I'm gonna go on that train, if I said it, that was it, I had to do it. Cause I couldn't live with myself, no one I was one of them bullshits. You could be depressed for X, Y, Z, whatever. I'm not depressed, and I want the money you want, and I want the girl you want, and I want the status you want, and the car you want, and the house you want. And I'm gonna get it, and you're fucking not. And that's the bottom line of life. If you gave that guy that stuff, he probably wouldn't be depressed. Well, he's gonna probably ask him what he doesn't, and this is the point. He probably would, because he wouldn't have a direction in life. I think there's a very empowering message that you share. And you know,  You can, I think if you can fix it with pills, you can probably fix it by going to the gym and doing all of these other aspects of it. But pills doesn't even fix it. Pills just numbs it. Mars, it masks it. Where's not a holistic way to treat it, is it? Whereas what you're saying is more so. Yeah, what I'm saying is you're playing a game and it's a competitive game. And you need to build a mindset that allows you to be ultra competitive. And if you want to sit there and say no, I want a non-competitive mindset. Then fine, you know what you call people who do not win competitions. Losers, correct. The pro key days were good days, bro, man. Like I've, I've, I've, McDonald's, like you're laughing with your boys. The brokey days are great. And I'm not complaining about being rich. Obviously I worked hard for this and it's a fantastic life I live now. But I think without those brokey days, without those original days to compare it to without that juxtaposition, then I don't think being rich would be fun at all. I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you weren't rich. That's the only thing that makes it fun. The only thing that makes about $10,000 stake fun is that you can laugh, saying how you never had 10 grand in your bank until you were 27 years old. Yeah. Otherwise it's boring. Otherwise you go, okay.  And I think if you're born with too much money, that you'll never truly be happy. I think you need the broken days or the best days. Normality now is being sionked from all angles. I feel like in the 1950s, a normal man was a winner. The normal man went to a normal job and had a normal family in a normal house, in a normal car, in a normal life. But I feel that the normal person now is two parents working. Children being raised by the matrix in school, bombarding the propaganda. Bill's fairly paid, depressed, angry, anxious, watching the BBC. I feel like normalcy has been changed from being a winner to being a loser. So now being normal is just losing in a way which is so familiar to the people around you or losing that you don't realize you've lost it all. Because everyone's losing. So you're like, oh, I'm just normal. No, no, you've all lost. You've all lost. None of you are free. You're all lost.  And that's even more scared. You can't even be normal anymore. To be a winner, you have to be exception. You could be a winner as a normal person only 50, 60 years ago. Now the normal people can't even win. Because they're grinding down society that the bracket of normal is going further and further down. I got people all the time on Twitter, tweeting me. Yeah, hey, you the man, I'm the same, I'm the same. I'm like you're not. I know that I would have come up to you and say, all right, we're gonna do this. Now, you have some excuse. So like, my words are absolutely sacred, especially to myself. And that's why I'm very careful what I say. Because like I said, if I threaten someone, even if I don't want to do it anymore, I have to do it. If I am myself, I won't betray myself. And that allows you to start thinking a lot more carefully about what you say. Yes. About what you say, you get a lot more direction and clarification on which direction your life is going. And it's just fulfilling your own word, man. I said I was going to be world champion over and over and over again. I was nervous to lose. Not close.  I told them what I was gonna win. Oh shit, yeah. That's how I was. I was like, no, I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna have this. When I bought, but I picked up my Lambo, the best stealing of my picking office, I told everyone for years I'm gonna have to land. Lambo's my car. I'm gonna push a Lambo. Where? I guarantee you I'm gonna find a way to push a Lambo. I don't know. Get the real... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.