 It would seem America's back, Andrew. The devil has lost. The devil lost America's back. Hot dogs, ice cream, baseball, invading your country, taking your- Okay, no more of that. America's back. America's back. The devil has lost. Guys, I don't think you understand. I've always felt a little bit more English than I was American, so I spent my teenage years in England. But now that Trump's won, I'm so- American. Give me a cowboy hat. I'm American. Care for the- Starmer. Get the- Out of here. Yeah, play that in court. Oh, and- I entertain too. We have here, you cold-coast, Starmer. Oh, shit. I'm just on your dick. You're a peanut butter packer. Trump's back. The world's changed. The devil has lost. We've lived through the four years of insanity. We're going to watch, do you not-  together we're gonna sit here and be happy and I'm also gonna throw smoke you heard it and all the conservative people who are complaining about Trump and some of the picks he's made so far I got heat for all these and they're gonna get it I mean he's pretty good but it's not Mr. Producer but it's no it's not Mr. Producer but you know it's okay to be honest I think they probably should have me there though same Mr. Producer one in the chat if it should have been me seeing the Mr. Producer at President Trump wise Kamala there you know Andrew when I look at these losers because it's important that they're there because it's nice to be reminded so when I look at these losers because what do you call someone who loses a loser loser and she famously lost lost okay so she's a loser so I'm not being politically incorrect here she is in fact a loser  and Joe Biden's a loser because he lost the last election he just cheated. So when you see these losers, it's actually a very important reminder to me. And today's a very beautiful day for you and I Andrew, because I don't think you realize this. Even in Trump's first term, there was a lot of naysayers. He didn't win the popular vote. There was a lot of people who hated Trump still who believed the lies that were reported about Trump, that he was a racist, that he was a white supremacist, all the lies that the mainstream media pushed the internet wasn't as powerful back then when Trump ran his first campaign. And being pro-Trump worldwide was still being counterculture. So being you living in Europe have been counterculture for at least a good, what now, Jesus, eight, nine years, a very, very long time since Trump first announced his run. And we were certainly counterculture in the last four years when the Satanists and the lunatics and the old men in the Satan and Awaga were everyone to call a run charge of the White House. But here's the transformative moment for me and you Andrew, and you're witnessing history if you're watching this current emergency meeting because as-  of about in about 25 minutes time, our crusade, which has dominated most of our adult lives, being counter culture. The idea behind being a counter culture person is an attempt to change the culture, to change the culture into a culture that you see as better and that you see as fitter for people to live in. The culture where winners are winners, the culture where losers are losers, the culture where hard work is rewarded, the culture where dangerous, crazy ideas and up and forward to children. This is the culture that me and you have been on the forefront of pushing. That's right. And our counter culture movement. That's right. And maybe not in Europe yet. Hopefully one day, but certainly in the United States in 25 minutes time, you and I are no longer counter culture. Our counter culture crusade into United States has officially ended. We've become the culture. America, baby, we're back.  It's all about us. Telling everyone the truth living in a world where there's no more of this insanity No, trannies in the White House no more DEI no more garbage just winning We're gonna win so much you're gonna get tired of winning. You're gonna say to me Please we've won too much stop winning as they know we have to win some more. I've heard that before some work We're gonna win America is back. I am now officially zero percent British 100% red blood American you name it. That's me 100% hot dog, please Texas barbecue grits I'm moving back. I'm moving back to America Gator wrestling. I'm moving back I couldn't live there under that garbage, but now it's all back. I'm coming back Trump is the president the devil lost The whole world has changed. This is monumentally important most of you don't understand that culture drives all Culture is the bottom line of most things. It is culture that retains a  country is culture that makes you want to work hard, is culture that makes your street safe, it's culture that makes people avoid drugs and do the right thing, is culture that makes men's brave, is culture. That's why we were the counter culture. We were fighting this fight, trying to instill bravery in the Medigan because they were under the constant pressure of subjugation by homosexuals. I would say we did quite a good job man. We did a fantastic job. We were actually instrumental in the implementation of the counter resistance which ensured Trump won. We are part of this and the culture is now our culture. This is now our world and the Chinese have to live in our world. No longer are we living in their world. They're living in our world. Welcome. That made me tap the sign again. Sorry. It's easy. So we can talk over this or listen in or you know what I like about Trump. Sorry.  I like about Baron. Tell me. He's tall. Yeah, Baron is tall. I'm a taller than me. I'm a tall optimist. Because tall people can't hide. Meaning they're less likely to be sneaky. Like Rishi Sunackle sneaky. Little sneaky man. Amma Kron. Hey. Hey, it was sneaky behind you. I was sneaky. I am naked. I'm like, surprise. My teacher has a penis. I surprise. My woman is a man. Surprise. Yeah, Trump 6-3. You don't sneak around with your bitch. Trump's your size. So Trump's a big man already. Baron's taller than me. When you're a big man, you don't sneak around. You just tell people, this is how it is. Fight me. That's why we're so trustworthy. Because we're both 6-3 and you're 6-4. I'm a 6-5. We are trustworthy because we're huge. You can't trust. McCron. Sadik Khan. He did it, he did it, he did it, he did it. Ben Chimero. I'm going to answer your day of Christian.  I can't do strings with you anymore. I can't. I put my shirt on tie. I thought it was gonna be nice and professional. Look it's bow jidan. Oh bow jidan. Look it's bow jidan. Remember when we used to use code names to not go to jail and we stored it to jail. Let's go Brandon. Let's go Brandon. Hamala Harris. Nice. Hamala Harris. So our democracy has been restored. Finally. After four years of robber. Everyone's getting fired. Elon's gonna fire everyone. Welcome back to the workforce. You can replace all the Mexicans that Tom. Uh, ho-ho-ho-tom. Tom. Tom's gonna kick out. What's his name? I know his name. Oh, us borders are. Yeah. Tom Homan. That's what I said. Homan. I knew his name. History in the making. Most important election I've ever witnessed. You know he's releasing the JFK files. Ladies and gentlemen, the vice president elect of the United States.  Honorable JD Vance. Two brothers. It's funny. It's funny. We're so back. America's back. Palm Trump Jr's there. We're so back. Don Jr in the back. Don Jr can't wipe that smile off his face, and I don't blame him. What a shitty four years that family's been doing. This is the ultimate comeback. We've been through a serious four years ourselves. But these guys, I almost try to shoot me yet. We have the jail card, but he has the bullet card, so. Yeah, true. True. He also has the conviction card. We didn't get convicted. But we'll just inject.  for no reason. True, we've never been convicted. You're right. He's a fellow. No, he's not, because he's never got sent. Actually, no, no, he is a fellow, because they sent him to nothing. Well done, Joe. How's Sergeant at Arms, the honorable William P. McFarland, Senate Sergeant at Arms and Dorkiefer, the honorable Jennifer A. Hemingway, Senate Majority Leader, the honorable John Thune, and the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, House Democratic Leader, the honorable Hakeem Jeffries, House Majority Leader, the honorable Steve Scalise, Speaker of the House of Representatives, the honorable Mike Johnson, Senate Democratic Leader, the honorable Charles E. Schumer, ranking member of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the honorable debt fissure, and chairwoman of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the honorable Amy Plobuchar. Guys, Trudeau is gone. We got ceasefire and Gaza.  Starmer's facing heat, he's out soon. Vladimir Putin's back on the phone, talking to the adults in charge. Day one, Trump's gonna roll out executive orders to undo so much of the damage Biden has done. The most important part about this is that the system didn't win. They threw everything at him, and he won in a landslide. Warfare, false sexual assault accusations, sounds familiar. Bullets. They threw everything at him and failed. This shows that the system can be beaten by men who are brave enough. To resist it, I have a strong feeling that you and I are also gonna beat the system. Yeah, I have a very strong feeling. Everyone says you can't beat the system, shut up, be afraid. No, Trump did it, we're gonna do it. They prey on fear. The system wants you scared and afraid. We've never shown fear, neither as Trump. And if you never show fear, sooner or later in the end, God will let you in. Never back down. Never give up. Never be afraid of your enemy.  If Trump would have shown fear at any point, he wouldn't be here right now. Me and you were going to walk our garbage because we don't show fear either. I'm right. Unafraid. This year, and you can put that in your diaries this year. Unfazed. We win. Unfazed. Let's say. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. I'm not going to interrupt too many of the speeches that are important because this is history. This is history and you need to be watching it. All of our young fans, glad you're here. Trump may be the toughest man in the world. I think he is, yeah. I might be the toughest man in the world. Please welcome the chairwoman of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the Honorable Amy Klobuchar. I'm so happy, Andrew. It makes everything worthwhile.  the 60th presidential inauguration. Can you imagine how sad we be if he didn't win? Wow. Vice President-elect fans will take their oaths of office. And we will witness the peaceful transfer of power at the heart of our democracy. For the past year, I've chaired the inaugural ceremony committee, which includes the leadership of Congress from both parties. We thank the committee and capital staff and law enforcement who worked so hard over the last year. And especially the last three days, you've done a beautiful job, and you have shown grace under pressure. Our theme this year is our enduring democracy. The present.  of so many presidents and vice presidents here today is truly a testament to that endurance. We welcome President Biden and Dr. Biden. We welcome Vice President Harris and Doug M. Hough, President Obama, President Clinton and Secretary Clinton, President Bush and Laura Bush, Vice President Pence, Vice President Quail and Maryland Quail. The justices of the United States Supreme Court are with us, all nine of them I counted, and of course the Trump and Vance families. This ceremony marks what will soon be 250 years of our democracy. It is the moment when leaders elevated by the will of the people promised to be faithful to our Constitution, to cherish and defend it. It is the moment when they become, as we all should be, the guardians of our country.  through war and peace, through adversity and prosperity. We hold this inauguration every four years. And today it falls on Martin Luther King Day, a further reminder that we must strive to uphold the values enshrined in our Constitution, the freedoms, the liberties. And as is in describing the interests of the United States Supreme Court, equal justice under law. You know, they both call it the sexual assault allegations. Who hasn't? Guys, if you haven't been hit with sexual assault allegations, by now you don't matter. You're on an important Republican voice. You're a nobody. If you haven't been hit with a sexual assault claim by now, you're officially a nobody. You're not saying the right things. Go stamp nobody on your head. The people of the nation, the ordinary people doing extraordinary things. President Kennedy, who at one point, and who did the senator in this building, and would often walk through this very rotunda, one said in a democracy every...  Listen regardless of interest in politics on the office. Every one of us is in a position of responsibility. With that responsibility of citizenship comes an obligation not to seek out malice as President Lincoln once reminded us, but to view others with a generosity of spirit despite our differences. Oh, that was a Democrat. With that responsibility of leadership comes an obligation to stand our ground when we must and find common ground when we can. With everything swirling around us, the hot mess of division, it is on all of us to quote an incredible songwriter who just happened to be born in my state to ensure that our nation should be prepared. You know what, guys, genuinely the world is healing. Everyone wanted this black, white, every person who is not currently on a drug for depression and Zai is some mind-altering medication wanted Trump.  The only people who didn't were the crazies. The people who should have been in the loony bin, were the only people who didn't want this guy to win. Every single person, irregardless of gender, sexual orientation, color, creed, race, you name it. Doesn't matter their original nationality, everybody wanted Trump except for the psychos. The psychos lost. The devil lost Trump is here. And I have to make something very clear to all the other conservative influencers who are unhappy with Trump's picks for cabinet or some of his detailed politics. I'm going to make something clear to you. You can only expect perfection from yourself on this planet. If you want to find perfection in a human, look in the mirror because that's the only person you're ever going to believe. Can and will act perfectly if you dedicate yourself to that exact task. I expect perfection from myself. I expect perfection from my brother because he is a tate, but everybody else to a degree is fallible. I don't have to agree with everything.  Trump says or does. I don't have to think Trump is perfect. I don't have to be happy with every decision he makes. I have to be an adult and understand that if I'm going to sit at home crying because I can't find perfection in a political candidate that I'm only going to perm a lose and be permanently upset. Either run yourself and win or shut up. Know your role. This is the better option. There's no doubt about it. And I've heard people say, oh, it's the better option, but it's not even that good in option. If I tell you if you want to take two bullets in the head or you want to be smacked in the face, there's not a single sane person alive who chooses to bullets in the head. And that's what Camila would have been. So let's all just be happy today. Let's be happy. Let's be happy that the good guy won. Yeah, perhaps not everything's going to be perfect, but the good guys won. And you know what, after four long years of. It's actually very nice to feel like the good guys want again. It's given us faith that the universe is supposed to write day if you dedicate yourself and show bravery. It has validated everything I've ever said.  about if you knuckle down show your brave show you're unafraid you can beat the system it shows that my brother and I are gonna beat the system trump beat the system you can beat the system we can all beat the system you can beat the inflation you can beat the matrix you can escape you can get out trump did it we're gonna do it you can do it to you just have to knuckle down prepare to work prepare to be shot at and when you're shot at instead of falling over and crying and hiding like a girl stand up and say fight fight fight that's not what I'm gonna say that's the moment when God decided to give him the presidency I knew from there that he would become the 47th president president of the United States and here he is about to be sworn into the most powerful job on the planet this is a lesson for all of you at home life is actually extremely simple it's cause and effect action and reaction and the effect of you being monumentally brave perspicacious into fatigable and doing the right thing even when nobody  notices is that you will monumentally and endlessly win in the end. That's what Trump just did. I will not listen to anybody on any side of the political spectrum, say anything bad about the man who got shot at and stood up and said, fight. That's the kind of man I respect. I don't care if his cabinet pick is not something you agree with. I don't care if he passes along, you don't like. This is not only the better of the two options. This is a monumental moment in history where the system lost, the devil lost, God won and we're f***ing back. The secure, safe and prosperous future that our founders envisioned for all of us. And today we celebrate not only their decisions to do so, but also true. Friends America's back. I'll pass you a kind of war. America's back. America's back. I'm going to pass you a kind of war. For America.  America thank you so that their nation for America for America. Yeah please I think yeah. Yeah. It's a secret for America. No you can smoke the secret for America. Yeah thanks. You give me a lighter as well for America. Nice. The fire of freedom. Nice burns bright today. And you know this is not a case and you didn't use the term of the lesser of two evils. That's what most elections are. The lesser of two evils. John McCain, Barack Obama. That's a tough one. That was lesser of two evils. Believe me. And I was young and dumb back then. I didn't really know what to think. But if I were alive today, I'd be like John McCain, Barack Obama, Deep State, corrupt losers, don't like him, warmongers, lesser of two evils. I don't know how Udipick and now I don't need to make that choice because that's not the choice I had to make this time around because now we're living in 2025. This is not the lesser of two evils. Trump has argued.  We put together the smartest, most competent, most patriotic team of Americans that has ever been assembled in a team of government ever since Reagan's cabinet, since, I mean, JFK picked a treacherous vice president, if you believe the JFK files, which we're all about to see soon because of our new president Donald Trump, which is very, very interesting. And you know what? You know how I'm happy for Andrew? You know how genuinely happy for today? Robert F. Kennedy. I like Robert F. Kennedy and he's a good guy. And he made the brave choice. And he took that epic picture with Trump and he endorsed him and he gave Trump a lot of extra voters. And he certainly helped in this effort to get Trump elected. But you know why I'm happy for him? Imagine you have lived 50 years of your life, not knowing why your uncle and your father were blasted and stolen from you in public. By who? Why? What motive? Well, let's just seal it forever. So only after your dead can the files be open.  I'm very happy for him that he gets hopefully tomorrow to open up the files and find out what it was that caused all of that pain in his family. Good for him. He deserves it. You know what? Trump losing the last election was actually a good thing because it highlighted how dangerous his enemies are. Wait, he lost the last election? Sorry. Trump having the previous election stolen from him. Okay, now highlighted the insanity of his enemies and the lengths they're prepared to go to. I'm telling you that Trump doesn't feel happy. Trump doesn't really feel relieved. Trump feels like now it's his chance to finish some unfinished business. Trump is full of vengeance. Trump knows work must be done. Look at that man's face. That's a man who feels exactly how he's supposed to feel. They robbed me from the last election. They tried to destroy my life. They tried to put me in jail. They've only ever cheated in life. I am back. And none of this is ever going to happen again. I hear a lot of people complain.  that the new MAGA campaign isn't as hardcore as the last MAGA campaign. Perhaps someone optimist, perhaps I'm smoking too much hopeium, but I would like to believe that this Trump is going to be better than the last Trump. Executive order, we're taking Greenland, we're taking over America's back and I am truly genuinely excited. You don't understand how culture drives things. Think about the take effect it had on your life. Think about how you watching us change how you operate, how you think, what you do, how successful you've become, how hard you drain in the gym. Think of how the take effect has affected humanity. That's going to now come to government and not just any government. The most powerful government on the planet is going to be restored with a culture of competence, of masculinity, no more hating on men, no more calling us toxic, no more gay garbage. It's men who are back doing the right thing that needs to be done and in the house of the most powerful government.  on the planet. This is monumentally important for peace, stability, opportunity for everybody. It doesn't matter if you dislike Trump. Trump is like Batman. You can hate him and he will still save your city. That's what makes him a good man. He is working for all Americans, whether you like him or not. And because America is America, he is working for every single person on the planet, whether you like him or not. Keir will fall. Europe will be saved. And none of that will happen without Donald Trump. None of it. We ask that you have blessed him and that our nation would be blessed through him. We also ask that you have blessed to protect Malania as First Lady. We thank you for the beauty, the warmth and grace that she shows not only to this nation but to the whole world. We thank you for Vice President-elect J.D. Vance.  and his wife Usha and their young family. May he be a strength to President Trump to stand beside him, to hold up his arms like Aaron held up arms of Moses in the midst of battle. Very important to have people like JD Van, the position of government. JD Van to Pete Hexeth, former frontline soldiers. It's important to have people who have seen violence in charge of how much violence happens, to understand the reality of the wars that are started, the reality of sending troops into combat, because 20 something years ago it was both of them. It's very important to have people like that in the administration. That's why you cannot have little benched heroes making these kind of decisions. They've never seen violence. Oh, we gotta go fight. The wars that Israel want us to fight. And usually we have to attack Iran, send men to attack Iran. And may our hearts be inclined to your voice. We know that America can never be great again if we turn our backs on you. We ask for your help. And we pray all of this in the name of the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, your son, my Savior.  and I read them are Jesus Christ. Amen. I have one on my red title. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Associate Justice Kavanaugh to administer the Vice Presidential Oath of the House. A Brett Kavanaugh, yeah, he was appointing his Supreme Court Justice, and then they said that he was a rapist and a sexual assault commitor, sexual assaultor, whatever one to call him. Matrix attack. Matrix attack. He won two. There he is in his fucking robes. Yeah, that's right. The system lost. Look at him in his robes, copen, see. Oh, he's a rapist and a sexual assaultor. You know, I bet he isn't. Bet he isn't. You said he was though, and there he is in his fucking robes. System lost. Please raise your right hand and repeat after me. I James David Vance to solemnly swear. I James David.  to be in the solemnly swear. That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States. That I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States. Against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Against all enemies, foreign and domestic. That I will bear true faith. That I will bear true faith. And allegiance to the same. And allegiance to the same. That I take this obligation freely. Without any mental reservation. Or purpose of evasion. And that I will well and faithfully discharge. The duties of the office. The duties of the office. On which I am about to enter. So help me God. So help me God. Congratulations, Mr. Vice President. Halfway there. Halfway there. Halfway there. Is it a good thing to say? I'm going to say it. Halfway there. Halfway there. Is it a new Vice President?  best people. mentoring where the phone charger. Alright history and the Listen up. It's like a way off our shoulders, Andrew. You're ruining a historical moment for me. Our no longer counterculture, we're part of the mainstream. We did it. We are so back. W in the chat. For America. For America.  What did I say to you for the world, bro? In the simulation we live in, sometimes I can see prophetic. What did I say to you? When you shoot a man with your last bullet and he stands there unfazed. This is what happens. If you're never given, if you're never quit, it's winning time now. It's winning time for the winners. It is time for us to win more than we've ever won. Losers are going to suffer the eternal mark of loserdom. And us winners are going to remind them that we went through their garbage. We lived in loser land. We lived in your world. You couldn't break us. You didn't make us quit. You didn't make us give up. You didn't make us agree with any of the crap you think we sat there and resisted. And now it's our time to win more than ever. No more saying I support Trump and people looking at you wrong. No more saying.  We need to fix this country and people call you crazy. Now it's like yep, you were right all along Sorry, sir. Let me adjust your mega hat for you This is a monumental shift in the global consciousness  Guys, if you will allow me to quickly play a video to jump away from the inauguration and remind you all of how much better our country is going to be now that Trump is President. Because now that it's official, a whole bunch of people are going to be leaving the country. Finally, they promised us that they would and now they're going to do it. And they think we forgot, but we didn't. So don't let them get away with it. Remind them. Remind them. In fact, I have a long list here of all the people who said they were going to leave America of Trump wins. Let's read out all these names. Alec Baldwin, golf. We'll be goldberg, golf. John Legend, golf. Chris Y. Tygen, his stupid whore, what the f**k are you guys doing? Rob Reiner, f**k off. Barbara Streisand hasn't had a song since 1931. You can f**k off. Nancy.  Pelosi, golf, Hillary Clinton, the most evil woman in history, golf, Mechrapino, golf, Tom Hanks, golf. The only thing you ever did good, Tom, was play a retard. No coincidence. Amy Schumer, golf, AOC, golf, lady, golf, golf, Taylor Swift, Bill Gates, chainfonda, Madonna, golf, Mark Ruffalo. I don't know why they chose you to be the incredible Hulk, because you're clearly a little pussy, golf. Kim Kardashian, golf, Bruce Springsteen, and golf. George Clooney, golf, Hunter Biden. He doesn't even know what the day of the week it is, but you can golf anyway. Oprah, golf, Robert DeNiro, golf, Samuel L. Jackson. I used to think you were cool, but I'm afraid you now have to golf. Miley Cyrus, Travis Kelsey, Bobby Altaugh, Rashida Talib, Stormy Daniels, Annie Falsie. We don't want you here, Falsie, or f**king lion. You're all you can f**k off. George Soros can f**k off. M&M, Ellen, Sean Penn, Sharon Stone, Ashley Judd, Tommy Lee, Brian Cranston. Imagine going from Walter White to a little liberal f**king...  dickhead. Goff. Billy Joe Armstrong can f*** off and Bono's gonna drive his car off a cliff. That's the list of people I would have kicked out anyway. So f*** off. That's the list of people that we don't want in America anyway. So get the f*** out. See ya. See ya. The borders are. We'll kick down your door and deport you all for the crime of homosexuality. Hi, I'm Tom Homan and I'm gonna deport you and your whole family. I don't want to break up the family. I'm gonna deport you and your kids. You're getting out f*** off. It's what you wanted. You volunteered is why you asked for and Trump's the man who makes dreams come true. So f*** off. Trump is the f***ing president. We're back. It's been a long three months Andrews in November 5th. It's been a long three months. bright in Italian I've seen some signers. Well, last nine years have been like watching Rocky III in slow motion, you know? Rocky gets taken out, but that's not the real Rocky. Then he trained for four years, went through all that hardship, and now he's back, and he's won. It's been a beautiful saga to witness.  It is my honor and pleasure to introduce to you the 45th and the 47th president of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. Only two men have done that. Peter Roosevelt being the first. And guess what? They shot him too. Sometimes, and he stood there on face. You're not doing the right things. If they are NOT coming out you in the news, you're not doing the right things. If they're not saying you're a bad person, you're not doing the right things. If they're not trying to lock you away, you're not doing the right things. If they're not trying sh out you up, you're sharing the right thing. As a man, the number one marker you have of monumental success in being the correct path on this planet is hater, hnier, and incoming enemies, who are trying their very best to stifle your efforts as an easiest way to look up in the face or at the mayor or no you are doing the right thing. Speak your Johnson.  Senator Thun, Chief Justice Roberts, justices of the United States Supreme Court, President Clinton, President Bush, President Obama, President Biden, Vice President Harris, and my fellow citizens. The golden age of America begins right now. Look at that face. From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected again all over the world. We will be the envy of every nation and we will not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of any longer. During every single day of the Trump administration, I will very simply put America.  First. What much to ask from the person who you think you're so much to ask? The magic of command is standing up there now, Jesus Christ. Our safety will be restored. The scales of justice will be rebalanced. The vicious, violent, and unfair weaponization of the Justice Department and our government will end. That's a wonderful thing to ask. And now the top priority will be to create a nation that is proud, prosperous, and free. America will soon be greater, stronger, and far more exceptional than ever before.  the presidency confident and optimistic that we are at the start of a thrilling new era of national success. A tide of change is sweeping the country, sunlight is pouring over the entire world, and America has the chance to seize this opportunity like never before. But first, we must be honest about the challenges we face. While they are plentiful, they will be annihilated by this great momentum that the world is now witnessing in the United States of America. As we gather today, our government confronts a crisis of trust. For many years, a radical and corrupt establishment has extracted power and wealth from our citizens while the pillars of our society lay broken and seemingly incomplete disrepair. We now have a government that cannot manage even a simple crisis at home while at the same time stumbling into a continuing catalog of catastrophic  events abroad. It fails to protect our magnificent law-abiding American citizens, but provides sanctuary and protection for dangerous criminals, many from prisons and mental institutions that have illegally entered our country from all over the world. We have a government that has given unlimited funding to the defense of foreign borders, but refuses to defend American borders or more importantly its own people. Our country can no longer deliver basic services and times of emergency as recently shown by the wonderful people of North Carolina have been treated so badly. And other states who are still suffering from a hurricane that took place many months ago or more recently Los Angeles where we are watching fires still tragically burned from weeks ago.  without even a token of defense. They're raging through the houses and communities, even affecting some of the wealthiest and most powerful individuals in our country. Some of whom are sitting here right now. They don't have a home any longer. That's interesting. But we can't let this happen. Everyone is unable to do anything about it that's going to change. We have a public health system that does not deliver in times of disaster, yet more money is spent on it than any country anywhere in the world. And we have an education system that teaches our children to be ashamed of themselves in many cases, to hate our country despite the love that we try so desperately to provide to them. All of this will change starting today, and it will change. Anything else? Welcome to A Doubt And Talk To I  Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thanks for it. Thank you very much. My recent election is a mandate to completely and totally reverse a horrible betrayal and all of these many betrayals that have taken place and to give the people back their faith, their wealth, their democracy, and indeed their freedom. This moment on America's decline is over. How are liberties and our nation's glorious destiny will no longer be denied and we will immediately restore the integrity, competency, and loyalty of America's government. Over the past eight years I have been tested and challenged more than any.  President in our 250 year history. And I've learned a lot along the way. The journey to reclaim our Republic has not been an easy one that I can tell you. Those who wish to stop our cause have tried to take my freedom and indeed to take my life. Just a few months ago in a beautiful pencil of an you field and assassins bullet ripped through my ear. But I felt then and believe even more so now that my life was saved for a reason. I was saved by God to make America great again. Yes, you were, sir. Yes, you were. That's exactly why. No applause until the button. Doesn't know where his hands are. The last one.  Thank you very much. That is why each day under our administration of American patriots, we will be working to meet every crisis with dignity and power and strength. We will move with purpose and speed to bring back hope, prosperity, safety and peace for citizens of every race, religion, color and create. For American citizens, January 20th, 2025 is Liberation Day. Liberation Day. It is my hope that our recent presidential election will be remembered as the greatest and most consequential election.  in the history of our country. Yep. As our victory showed, the entire nation is rapidly unifying behind our agenda with dramatic increases in support from virtually every element of our society, young and old, men and women, African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asian-Americans, urban, suburban rural, and very importantly, we had a powerful win in all seven swing states. And the popular vote we won by millions of people. To the black and Hispanic communities, I want to thank you for the tremendous outpouring of love and trust that you have shown me with your vote. We sent records, and I will not forget it. I've heard your voices in the campaign, and I look forward to working with you in the years to come. Today is Martin Luther King Day, and his...  honor. This will be a great honor. But in his honor, we will strive together to make his dream a reality. We will make his dream come true. National unity is now returning to America and confidence and pride is soaring like never before. In everything we do, my administration will be inspired by a strong pursuit of excellence and unrelenting success. We will not forget our country. We will not forget our constitution and we will not forget our God.  Today I will sign a series of historic executive orders with these actions we will begin the complete restoration of America and the revolution of common sense. It's all about common sense. First I will declare a national emergency at our southern border. Happy to be done, never got country, never got border. Yeah. That's sense to me. Send the army. You've got the guns. Get to work. I'm homeless. I'm going to put on his cable hat. Get a six shot in the vulnerable. The full of borders and self on a horseback. The class who.  will immediately be halted and we will begin the process of returning millions and millions of criminal aliens back to the places from which they came. We will reinstate my remain in Mexico policy. I will end the practice of catch and release. Catching the port now. And I will send troops to the southern border to repel the disastrous invasion of our country. Under the orders I signed today, we will also be designating the cartels as foreign terrorist organizations. That's scary, your cartel. But now it's drone strikes. It's no longer going to arrest you. Your terrorist, not the terrorists. Drone strikes. F-16.  It's no longer just all they might come arrest us. No, it's like Apache helicopters They can go into Mexico's sovereign airspace within Apache to take out a terrorist group 1798 I will direct our government to use the full and immense power of federal and state law enforcement to eliminate the presence of all foreign gangs and criminal networks bringing devastating crime to US soil including our cities and inner cities Bad time to be a bad guy The bad day to be a bad guy I have responsibility then to defend our country from threats and invasions and that is exactly what I am going to do We will do it at a level that nobody's ever seen before Next I will direct all members of my cabinet tomorrow the vast powers that their disposal to defeat  what was record inflation and rapidly bring down costs and prices. The inflation crisis was caused by massive overspending and escalating energy prices. And that is why today I will also declare a national energy emergency. We will drill baby drill. They go from America. Go from America. Fracking, do it all. Pipelines. America will be a manufacturing nation once again. And we have something that no other manufacturing nation will ever have. The largest amount of oil and gas of any country on earth. And we are going...  to use it. Let me use it. Most people don't understand. Energy is the bottom line of everything. If you don't eat, you can't be successful in sports. You can't be successful in business. You need energy. It's the same for a country or a company, or especially an economy. Energy first. We will be a rich nation again, and it is that liquid gold under our feet that will help to do it. With my actions today, we will end the green new deal, and we will revoke the electric vehicle mandate, saving our auto industry, and keeping my sacred pledge to our great American auto workers. Freedom of market may cause your own. Americans abide if they want. That's right, David. In other words, you'll be able to buy the car of your choice.  We will build automobiles in America again at a rate that nobody could have dreamt possible just a few years ago. And thank you to the autoworkers of our nation for your inspiring vote of confidence. We did tremendously with their vote. I will immediately begin the overhaul of our trade system to protect American workers and families. Instead of taxing our citizens to enrich other countries, we will tariff and tax foreign countries to enrich our citizens. For this purpose, we are establishing the external revenue service to collect all tariffs, duties and revenues that will be massive amounts of money pouring into our treasury.  coming from foreign sources. The American dream will soon be back and thriving like never before to restore competence and effectiveness to our federal government. My administration will establish the brand new Department of Government Efficiency. Those, yeah. After years and years of illegal and unconstitutional federal efforts to restrict free expression, I will also sign an executive order to immediately stop all government censorship and bring back free speech to America. Free speech means we're back on Instagram. We're back, baby.  Never again will the immense power of the state be weaponized to persecute political opponents, something I know something about. We will not allow that to happen. It will not happen again. Under my leadership, we will restore fair, equal, and impartial justice under the Constitutional rule of law. And we are going to bring law and order back to our cities. This week, I will also end the government policy of trying to socially engineer race and gender into every aspect of public and private life. Absolutely winners win. Absolutely. Get rid of that, sir. Mayor of Toppacy. As you bow, Kamala. We will forge a society that is color blue.  and merit-based. Maritopathy. As of today, it will henceforth be the official policy of the United States government that there are only two genders, male and female. It's wild you even need that to be a policy, but you do. The crisis will in fact be four years. This week I will reinstate any service members who were unjustly expelled from our military for objecting to the COVID vaccine mandate with full back pain. Bravely wins. Just have four years off. Bravely wins. You get full back pay. Full back pay. Bravely wins. Everyone goes, oh, I had to get the vaccine. Where you did? You didn't have to. It was a test from God and you put it out.  My blood's pure. From being subjected to radical political theories and social experiments while on duty, it's going to end immediately. Our armed forces will be free to focus on their sole mission, defeating America's enemies. Applause Like in 2017, we will again build the strongest military the world has ever seen. We will measure our success not only by the battles we win, but also by the wars that...  that we end and perhaps most importantly, the wars we never get into. Beautiful. Beautiful. My proudest legacy will be that of a peacemaker and unifier. That's what I want to be, a peacemaker and a unifier. I'm pleased to say that as of yesterday, one day before I assumed office, the hostages in the Middle East are coming back home to their families.  Thank you. America will reclaim its rightful place as the greatest, most powerful, most respected nation on earth, inspiring the awe and admiration of the entire world. A short time from now we are going to be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America and we will restore the name of a great president, William McKinley to mount McKinley where it should be and where it belongs. President McKinley made our country very rich through tariffs and through talent. He was a natural businessman and gave Teddy Roosevelt the money for many of the great things he did including the Panama Canal.  which has foolishly been given to the country of Panama after the United States. The United States, I mean, think of this, spent more money than ever. It lost 38,000 lives in the building of the Panama Canal. We have been treated very badly from this foolish gift that should have never been made. And Panama's promise to us has been broken. The purpose of our deal and the spirit of our treaty has been totally violated. American ships are being severely overcharged and not treated fairly in any way, shape or form. And that includes the United States Navy. And above all, China is operating the Panama Canal. And we didn't give it to China. We gave it to Panama. And we're taking it back. It's a fucking dream.  You suck your leg. 38,000 Americans start building it. We're taking it back. Such a legend. It's the greatest staff I haven't used. Above all, my message to Americans today is that it is time for us to once again act with courage, vigor, and the vitality of history's greatest civilization. So as we liberate our nation, we will lead it to new heights of victory and success. We will not be deterred. Together, we will end the chronic disease epidemic and keep our children safe, healthy, and disease-free. The United States will once again consider itself a growing nation. One that increases our wealth, expands our territory, builds our cities, raises our expectations, and carries our flag into new and beautiful horizons. And we will pursue our manifest destiny.  the stars launching American astronauts to plant the stars and stripes on the planet Mars. The stars. The whole space. Ambition is the lifeblood of a great nation and right now our nation is more ambitious than any other than the Earth. There is no nation like our nation. Americans are explorers, builders, innovators, entrepreneurs and pioneers. The spirit of the frontier is written into our hearts. The call of the next great adventure resounds from within our souls. Our American ancestors turned a smile.  ball group of colonies on the edge of a vast continent into a mighty republic of the most extraordinary citizens on Earth. No one comes close. Americans push thousands of miles through a rugged land of untamed wilderness. They cross desert-scaled mountains, braved untold dangers. One the wild west ended slavery, rescued millions from tyranny, lifted billions from poverty, harnessed electricity, split the atom, launched mankind into the heavens, and put the universe of human knowledge into the palm of the human hand. If we work together, there is nothing we cannot do and no dream we cannot achieve. Many people thought it was impossible for me to stage such a historic political comeback, and as you see today here I am, the American people have spoken.  That's right all your garbage is gone. I might be a little bomb on now. Nobody cares about you You're loved so now you're notoriously despised It's over it's over for these clowns it is over I stand before you now as proof that you should never believe that something is impossible to do In America the impossible is what we do best From New York to Los Angeles from Philadelphia to Phoenix from Chicago to Miami from Houston to right here in Washington DC Our country was forged and built by the generations of patriots who gave everything they had for our rights and for our freedom They were farmers and soldiers cowboys and facts  workers, steel workers and coal miners, police officers and pioneers who pushed onward, marched forward, and let no obstacle defeat their spirit or their pride. Together, they laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, built great highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and triumphed over every single challenge that they faced. After all, we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help, we will restore America promise, and we will rebuild the nation that we love, and we love it so much. We are one people, one family and one glorious nation under God, so to every parent who dreams for their child, and every child who dreams for their future. I am with you, I will fight for you.  And I will win for you. We're going to win like never before. Thank God that in Jesus Christ. Thank God they did not shoot from Jesus Christ. Thank God they didn't shoot from. Imagine the mess we need right now. In recent years, our nation has suffered greatly, but we are going to bring it back and make it great again greater than ever before. We will be a nation like no other, full of compassion, courage and exceptionalism. Our power will stop all wars and bring a new spirit of unity to a world that has been angry, violent and totally unpredictable. America will be respected again and admired again, including by people of religion, faith and good will. We will be prosperous.  We will be proud. We will be strong and we will win like never before. We will not be conquered. We will not be intimidated. We will not be broken. And we will not fail. From this day on, the United States of America will be a free sovereign and independent nation. We will stand bravely. We will live proudly. We will dream boldly. And nothing will stand in our way because we are Americans. The future is ours. And our golden age has just begun. Thank you. God bless America. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I believe in. If he can't do it, no one can. I believe in Andy. In long times, I believe the politician. World healing, Andrew. We were part of this young man.  When when out and voted actually nationalist Republican in every single country in the world that we have a big fan base including the United States Absolutely true glad I never shut up because we changed the culture. They told you to shut up. They told us to shut up But we didn't Trump is just made of vengeance bro. Look at he doesn't he's not smiling Not happy it's time to get to work. It's a real G time to get to work. It's a real G Did you not want to make him mad? He is a real G bro Oh and on top of that he's now the most powerful man in the world. Can you imagine what Kamala Harris' speech would have been Some garbage about how it's important to be gay how does joy? So four years gonna be joy We're back. It's gonna be joy. Don't worry. Everyone's gonna You know what that speech was the best speech I've ever heard in American president give you know why because he meant it He meant it. No notes. No practice. He's an okay public speaker You know Obama arguably a much better public speaker, but he said things he  He didn't mean and he didn't do them. So his speech is meant nothing. That's maybe the most important speech in American president is ever given because he means what he says and he is going to do what he says. I have no doubt that all of his predictions for the country are now going to come true. 2025 is going to be a monumental year that everybody remembers, especially the rebirth of America because the world is actually just a large game of faith. If you understand cryptocurrencies are based on faith. People believing that other people believe in them. Fiat currencies are based on faith. Institutions, the judicial system is based on faith. The reason you do not kill the robber who comes into your home is you believe that the police will deal with him and punish him accordingly. Everything is based on faith. Trump is restoring faith to America, something it had lost. And most people do not understand how important this intangible element of life, simple faith is going to be when it comes to your ability to apply force, your ability to grow to build.  implement certain policy. All of it is faith based and the world believes in Trump. Not only America, the world does. Nobody wants to be on his bad side. They believe in his threats. They believe in his promises. They believe in him. And for this reason, America is guaranteed to be great again. I am so excited for the next four years because it is winning time. And if you're sitting at home watching this, you have to understand what I said to you previously when the election was first won. I said, winning time is going to be fantastic for the winners. It's going to be terrible for the losers. It is now a meritocracy. No more easy mode, no more games, no more sympathy. Nobody's going to give a **** about the losers losing. Everyone's going to be celebrating the winners winning more than ever before. I like that because I'm a winner. You have to make a decision if you're a winner or a loser because if you're a loser, you're going to hate the next four years. If you're going to sit around and cry about being depressed and saying you're reporting the wrong body and moan that you have no money and that is too hard.  to go to work. You have no motivation and you're tired. Guess what? You're going to lose. You're going to hate the next four years. These next four years are for winners who want to win. Losers are going to suffer bored in the average day because you know what? The last administration was taking the hard work of winners, taking all of their merit and dishing out a little bit to each of the losers to detriment the winners and try and prop the losers up a little bit while stealing a whole bunch of money in between. That is gone. The garbage is over. Losers are going to suffer more than they've ever suffered. Winners are going to win more than they've ever won. And if you're a winner, you should be excited. If you're a loser, you better change teams quick because there's no more sympathy for anybody. This is going to be the greatest wealth creation period in your life. This is going to be the time where it's probably the easiest it's ever going to be to get rich before the schism is final and that the lines are drawn, the rich stay rich, the poor stay poor. If I were you.  I would look at this, take the energy from the event, take the energy from the monumental win, from the comeback story, from the victory arc, take it deep inside of your heart, implement it inside of your mind, build a splinter inside of your consciousness that prevents you from sleeping, prevents you from being lazy, prevents you from giving up. Take all of the energy in from the universe, take it in from God, put it deep inside of your blood, inside of your red blood cells, and do whatever it takes to win, because that's what Trump did, and now he's the most powerful man in the world. That's what we're going to do. That's why we're going to bust this case, and you're really going to do the same thing and join us, or you're going to end up on the losing team permanently and forever subjugate it and crushed by people who simply tried harder than you. For some people the ultimate goal in life.  has been becoming the president of the United States. Would you like to be the president of the United States? I really don't believe I would, but I would like to see somebody as the president who could do the job and they're very capable people in this country. Why wouldn't someone like yourself run for political office? Suppose I think it's a very mean life. I would dedicate my life to this country, but I see it as being a mean life. And I also see it that somebody with strong views and somebody with the kind of views that are maybe a little bit unpopular, which may be right, but maybe unpopular, wouldn't necessarily have a chance of getting elected against somebody with no great brain, but a big smile. And that's a sad commentary for the political process. You're a billionaire, awesome guy. Why don't you just go off and go to an office? Because I love our country and I want to make America great again. And we still have tremendous hope and tremendous potential. I want to make America great against one part. Well, I think that America is a country that has tremendous...  as potential. I think that much like the mind, I think that America is using very, very little of its potential. I feel that this country with a proper leadership can go on to become what it once was. The polls started going up, up, up, but they didn't want to give us credit because they forgot about a lot of us. I am your voice. So to every parent who dreams for their child and every child who dreams for their future, I say these words to you tonight. I am with you, I will fight for you and I will win for you.