 I talk often about the importance of trauma as a man. I think that if you were to find the most interesting or most capable man on the planet, they've had the most trauma-filled lives. I just think that trauma is what teaches you. We talk to him about how you have to have lessons taught to you the hardest way. If I were to, if you were to call a Navy SEAL and ask him to protect you, going into a building full of assailants, you'd like to think that guy's been through some stuff. If you'd like to see some scars, right? Lessons and trauma and the more you go through, the better of a man you are. If you were to find the best men on the planet, I guarantee they've been through a bunch of terrible things. And if you listen to podcasts from any of the most interesting people on the planet, usually they've been through. They've had hard, terrible lives. And you can use that trauma to become a better person or you can let that trauma consume you and destroy you. But I thank God for all of it because it gave me endless power to become the person I love.  the bad things that are happening to you are what you need to become the man that you want to be when someone emails me it says this has happened to me I'm like good no we mean good is terrible how else are you gonna be coming for how else are you gonna find endless fire to get up and struggle in the face of the competition that it's out here how else are you ever you're gonna do all that with a nice cushty life if any man's honest with himself think about the biggest transformative stages in your life think about the times you got the most work done it was a bad part of your life if you have a duty to your bloodline and a duty to your ancestors and you truly love your parents how can you still be saying a humbling video games being a lazy piece of shit don't you want people to remember them don't you want people to think wow who's this person who raises a busy person do you have something to prove I think everybody on the planet has something to prove if you walk through life and feel like you have nothing to prove that you're a fucking loser if you wake up each day and go I don't owe anybody anything I don't have to prove any  to anybody that you are a loser because you are absolutely not the incorrect. You must prove yourself to other people. You must prove yourself to your bloodline as we just discussed. You must prove yourself to God. God hates the lazy. He can't stand them. If he gives you all these genetic dispositions and these natural God-giving gifts, if you have two arms and two legs and you can think and you're not trying your absolute best, that's the reason you're not lucky. He doesn't like you. He likes the people which show him the beauty of his own creation. He likes to give somebody building blocks and them to build something amazing, especially about being a man you have to build who you are. You can decide if it would be a funny comedian or a musician or kickboxy world champion or fight the matrix. You decide whatever you want to be. God loves to see that. Those people, for some reason, seem to be enormously lucky. The person who goes, I don't have to prove anything to God. I don't owe all of my ancestors any effort. For 5,000 years, people were dodging saber-soothed tigers and catching the plague and running from Genghis Khan just for my stupid ass to be born. I don't owe them any-  anything, but I'll owe them a thing because I want to play video games. These people are fucking losers. You should walk through Earth with force inside of you. If I walk, as I walk into this hotel reception, everybody will. Not because they know who I am, but because as I move, even if it's behind their head, people feel something and they go. It's an energy that comes from brutal competence. It's almost like an evolutionary thing where a rabbit can just smell a fox. It just knows. That's what happens when a predator walks in a room, even amongst humans. You pay attention next time you're in a restaurant. If a man who's truly dangerous walks in, nearly every other man kind of looks up at the same time. You feel it. You need to or you don't survive. We've evolved with that to live. That's who I am. I couldn't imagine not being that man. I've done that because I've been trying to prove myself to my lineage, my entire life. I wake up every day with something to prove.  millions of dollars. I wake up at the fuck more. I'm in fantastic shape four times world champion. Fighting the matrix out here by myself more. I will have to be braver. I must try harder. All I do is prove myself. So when I hear people go I don't want to have nothing to prove. Then you're a fucking loser. Peasants have never felt like they needed to prove anything. But kings felt like they needed to go and conquer land. Isn't that cool? It's coincidental that the king who already had it all felt like they needed to go to some far-flung land and conquer it and take it and prove he's the king. But the peasants are out to prove nothing. Nobody. You're a fucking loser man. You're a dummy. I absolutely and utterly completely have everything to prove to everybody all of the time. That's who I am. I will prove anything to anybody. If I sit and say X I will prove it to anyone. I can be checked anytime. So I'm going to come up to me in that in that lobby and argue with my ideas. I would have proved that my ideas are sound. If they would have attacked me out of destroyed them completely and over. Absolutely. That's who I am. So yes, I have a lot.  I've never seen anybody dedicate themselves to something completely and fail. I've never seen somebody eat right, go to the gym every day, train really hard and not be good shape. I've literally never seen it. The universe is extremely giving. If you actually try and you actually want it and you're actually not making excuses, lying, talking shit, you're going to get what you want. So when I see people who don't have what they want, I consider them losers. And this may be elitist, I understand that. But if I put myself through endless pain to end up where I am, it's very hard for me to have sympathy on the man who's afraid of pain. You're avoiding pain. I've been through endless. I now have everything I've ever desired. You have none of the things you desire. Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Because you have these you way out. Am I supposed to look at you and go, oh poor dude, no. You were a fucking coward. You didn't go through the shit I went through. You didn't put on the line.  So you deserve your substandard reality. That's what you deserve. You're a fucking loser. Because if you actually wanted it and you actually tried, you'd have it. You could have anything you want. The universe is super giving. You want a fucking Ferrari, you can have it. You want that bitch, you can have her. You can have anything you want in the planet. There's not a girl I look at that I want that I can't have. Not one. That's my reality. There's not a car I can't have. It's a house I can't buy. I want to go to a yacht, I want to go to Antarctica. No, I want this nothing I can't have out of the bound. Because I've decided to become this man. It's the same for absolutely never single one of you at home. If you want it, you can have it. If you're sitting there saying, oh, but I tried my best and I still didn't get it. You're lying. You didn't try your best. That is a fucking lie. The universe gives it to everybody who genuinely tries. I know that to be a fact because this world's competitive, we're all competing against each other and the majority of people don't try. Like I...  I've achieved this amazing life and I've tried very, very hard. But it could have been harder. I mean, was it that hard? How about 86% hard? It wasn't 100% hard. Why? Because the competition's zero. Everyone is a fucking loser. It's amazing to me. Everyone's a loser. I can say to somebody, listen. I'll make you a millionaire. Do this. Oh yeah, but you know, the kids are home from school now. That's it. They're done. And then they'll say and go, what? Really wish I had some money. You are a loser. I will sit here on this podcast. People will listen to me for hours. And I will say, listen, I have hundreds of millions of dollars. And I will teach you how to make money. Crippertake.com, I have a school university designed specifically to teach you how to make money. I'm clearly not how to make money. You clearly like what I say. You obviously believe I'm intelligent and integral. I won't lie to you. And still a whole bunch of people will sit there and go, hmm.  Anyway, next video. And then they'll say, okay, for the Ferrari, and wonder why? They don't be confused in their minds how they didn't end up getting what they want. Cause you're a fucking loser. Look, that's why. And the majority of people are losers. And this goes back to why we were saying earlier, how I know the elites view us. Because I'm from a council estate in Luton, a single parent household. And I've only been rich 10 years or so. And I despise losers. So imagine your a billionaire bored into a family lineage, which is controlled earth for hundreds of years. Imagine how much they despise us. Do you think they give a fuck about putting a bullet in me? Do you think they're gonna have any sleep at night missed? Do you think they give a solitary fuck about you missing your fucking parents funeral because of the common cold? They don't give a solitary shit. Why would they? Because I already know how I feel when I listen to losers complain. Because this is...  what happens at a certain level of competence and power. You just get to a point where you're like, I'm tired of hearing your fucking excuses. That's bullshit. And you become to a degree, yeah, cold and psychopathic. It's true. That's what happens. And I get it all the time. I get thousands of emails a day. Everyone I grew up with, people I know, I get it all the time. They'll message me, hey man, you know, just unlucky. You are not unlucky. You are a lazy fucking loser. That's that's you are not unlucky. You're breathing. You're lucky. The unlucky ones are gone. You're alive and you are a lazy loser. So a loser is anybody who does not have everything they want at the drop of the hat. That's why I call a loser. Because I have absolutely everything I could ever possibly desire. And if I wanted something that I couldn't have, I guarantee you we could speak again in a few months that I fucking have it. I guarantee you. Because if I want something I can't have it. I can't sleep. When I was broke, I couldn't sleep. I don't know how there's broke people out here sleeping just fine at night. Going, oh, you know, inflation is 20%.  gas prices are six times, everything on the news is a lie. I never stand a chance of ever getting rich. Where's my pillow? Like what the fuck is wrong with you people? I'm going to bed at night as a teenager and think I looked it up on the internet. It was a Honda Civic Type R. I wanted one, it was like 38,000 pounds. I had no money. Less than 50 pounds on bank account, couldn't afford it. Then I looked at how much a Ferrari cost, 210,000 pounds. And I said to Tristan, my cut brother, I was like, there are people with 210,000 pounds for a car. He's like, yes, so. I'm like, no, no, no, so. How? If I worked my job for six years and saved every penny, if I walked to work and didn't eat, I couldn't buy this car. How are people doing this? I couldn't sleep at night when I was broke. I knew that everything was a lie. I knew the matrix was lying to me. I knew I had to find a way out. I was sitting there going, I refused to live my human years and be some second-class citizen.  when there's people out here get to do whatever the fuck they want. I couldn't tolerate it and I was so uncomfortable that it gave me the motivation I needed to escape. But the people who go, oh yeah nice throw our yeah. Back to the TV. Dummies, losers. And the thing about the world is we need losers. I'm not mad at losers. If that's the reality you've chosen to live, you get one spin in this version of life. And you decide you want to be a loser. That's fantastic because I like, my car is neat cleaning. You know, a hotel room needs cleaning. I have a party with all these beautiful women that's a bit of a mess. Please go pick it up. Somebody needs to do that shit. I ain't got a fuck to do it. If I had to walk to a hotel room and clean them after some other man's party, I guarantee you I'd do whatever a fuck and took to become rich so I didn't have to do that shit. But you want to do that for 20 years? Thanks friend. Someone's gonna flip the fucking burgers. Someone has to make the-  surprise. I want a happy meal now and again. But I don't feel sorry for you people because you fucking deserve it because the decision you made, you made that decision. If you're seeing at home and you say I don't want to be a loser, you know what to do. I told you I'd escape the matrix. Come and get cake.com. You can join. I'll teach you. But if you're gonna sit there and go, nah, maybe this guy with hundreds of millions of dollars is trying to scan me out of 25 pounds. All right, smart ass. Have fun in McDonald's. Get fucked. I have no sympathy for these people. Zero. There are three keys I believe to make you money. The word of the day. First one's first pecasticity. Most people go through life and they do not pay attention. I've said this before and I want to stick by it because it's so important. You need to pay attention to every single time you spend money because you cannot make money. You're not the Federal Reserve. You're not government. Governments make money. All of us take money from somebody else or a business or government. We take money from other things.  So the easiest way to learn how to get good at taking money is to pay attention to every time someone takes money from you. So next time you buy a coffee, don't just buy the coffee and drink it and think nothing of it like every broke key. Don't do that. So okay, why am I buying this coffee? Okay, I want a coffee. Why am I buying here? Well, this is all my way to work. Is there any competition around? Do I also want breakfast? Do they sell breakfast? No, they don't sell breakfast. They can probably make some more money if there's some breakfast. Anyway, I walk in. There's a long line. Why is there one member of staff? I'm low on time. I'm about to leave and not buy the coffee. They're about to lose money because it's taken too long. Most of people in this line are businessmen. Why is an all cute girl buying the camera? But if they pay a cute girl a little bit more, they still make a bunch more money because people come in here to talk to their her. Think. And then what you'll do is as you go through life every time you spend money as you realize, the problem is not how to make money. The problem is how much time you have because there's endless business ideas. There's endless ideas. I walk into a coffee shop and by the time I've walked out, I already know exactly what that means. Exactly how to get to class. And with the remaining money, the problem's gone beyond this into life all the time. Overall, you have plain money 지� phenomenally. I have been dreaming of this with all my friends every time. With all my friends. And my most favorite people in this line are not tousom evenings. And that too.  I've already worked out how much is the rent, where are they fucking up, what are they not selling, they should be selling, what are they doing good, where they do them bad, this chair is too hard, I'll record. And now my network is so powerful, which is the second point network. I can send a few messages on WhatsApp, make a bank transfer, and two months later, there's a brand new coffee shop next door, with my name on it, put my business. So the first thing you should pay attention, because if you pay attention, you'll start to learn that money is everywhere. Every building is owned. These are skyscrapers, billion, billion, billion, billions, every apartment nowadays is a million, million, million, you drive down a street in London, you're driving past trillions of dollars, there's money everywhere. It's all around us. When I was broke, I thought that the world was broke. I thought that there was no money, and then I got rich and realized that I was completely not the wrong. There's so much money, it's everywhere. If I go to try and buy a plane or a jet, they're always sold out. My y'all is just fucking six-year waiting list.  I want to boogay, they launch it, the email comes to my email address, two minutes later, gone. Like, there's so much money. If I want a diamond watch or a million dollar watch or a million dollar rocks, you can't get this stuff. There is so much money out there. Once you get to a certain echelon, you realize there's money fucking everywhere. So there's plenty of money in the world. People with no money are just not very good at taking it. So you need to start paying attention. It's first thing. Second thing is network. It's hard to make money if you don't know anybody who has money. If you sit in a room full of ice cream experts and all they talk about is ice cream, how to make ice cream, the different flavors, how to store it, how to move it, how to sell it, even by accident, if you hang around with these people long enough, when someone asks you a question about ice cream, that's what you're going to know the answer. You're going to say, you know what? Ask because it's a pistachio and that needs to be two degrees higher than chocolate. And you're going to look at a smart ass. So if you sit in a room full of people who make it a bunch of money, everyone understands this. Your network is your network.  or the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. Everybody understands this, and then they still hang around with fucking losers. Cause they're dummies. You're right, I am the sum of the five people who spend the most time with. Anyway, this is my friend Nick. He's so funny when we go drinking, cause he gets really drunk. Ha ha ha. Losers. I don't talk to anybody who is not winning. Everybody who's phone, every phone call I will answer, if I answer a phone call, is from a winner. I don't talk to losers. Everyone I talk to is rich. Everyone I talk to is making money. Everybody, if my entire reality is full of multi-millionaires making money, how am I not gonna make money? And this is why networks are so important is because it's the same reason that wolves hunt in packs. If you're a lone animal, you have one set of eyes, but if you're a pack, you're watching every single angle, every single side. Perhaps I might miss something. I'm as perspicacious as possible. But one of my friends identifies that the war in Ukraine is gonna change, and the Russian rubles are gonna pop. You can make a bunch of money. And for it's trade.  I may not have noticed, but he'll know this. Now I've made a bunch of million dollars to get a text message, right? Because I have friends who are paying attention. All of us are paying attention. So your network is super important. That's another thing. We'll go into this. Because I have something called the war room, which is also on corporate tape. I'll call them a lot of people to read for themselves. That's my private network. And we specifically talk about money. And a few other things. But that's because I have more like a mastermind. It's the real world's how to make money and the war room's what to do with money. That makes it. Yeah. It's all on corporate tape. I don't want to get off track, but it's there. But second is network. And third is to identify the reason why you don't have as much money as you want so far. And there's one of three reasons. You are either lazy, stupid or arrogant. There's only three reasons anyone's poor. And you have to identify and choose which one it is. The majority of people are not the one they think they are. The majority of people are the one I'm about to say at the end. So let's start.  with lazy. There are a lot of lazy people. The unfortunate reality about money is that you are competing. So it's player versus player. It's like anything in the world. If you want that beautiful girl, so does everyone else. You have to win the competition. You want that car? You have to get it first. You want that money. Everyone wants that money. You have to compete. It's competitive. Business is competitive. You are competing against people like me. You're competing against people like the people in my network. You're competing about people who only talk about money. You understand money very well. You operate jurisdictions all around the planet. You're extremely well connected. You know things before you know them. You have mass influence and mass power and mass resource. You're competing against me. This is what you must understand. You're not waking up going on with some money. You're competing against people like me. You're competing against billionaires. You're competing against hedge funds. How do these hedge funds keep growing? Where do they get that money from? From the brokeies. They're robbing you. They're robbing all the poor people from the pension fund. Dummy. That's where they get it from. This is who you're competing against. So the competition is...  absolutely an ugly fierce understanding that understanding that you're a man with a small pistol up against a mighty army if you want to add a little bit of laziness on top you're fucked so when I say people are lazy they go I'm not lazy I work hard every day you work eight hours a day if I'm awake I'm working I'll be driving my Bugatti Shiro on through to buy working I'm texting at the same fucking time I don't take a second off I don't take a minute off I don't relax I don't rest I don't stop I don't chill none ever I'm either asleep or at work that's it second I wake up I check my phone I begin working I go to the gym in between sets I'm working I'm online working the entire fucking day until the second I go to sleep I am at work that is all I do and you are at home competing against me and you want to watch a movie tonight and then say you're not lazy  You're fucking lazy and you're gonna lose forever. That's laziness. Next is stupid. I don't think many people are actually too stupid to be rich. You can be below average IQ and still get very rich. Very, a very small percentage of people are too dumb to be rich. The slave minds, they'll never be rich because the matrix tries to keep you poor because when you're poor, you can't think that we talked about earlier. So everything the media tells you is designed to make you poor. They want you broke and struggling because if you rely on the government for food stamps and you can't argue with the government, can you? So that's what they want. So it would have believes in the matrix and believes in media and believes in the lies they're told. It would have sits there and goes, that's true. That it's literally designed to make you broke. That's why it's all a scam. Do your GCSEs, do your A levels, get in debt, go to uni, get out, get a shit job, get a mortgage. Don't worry, when you pay that mortgage off when you're 61, then you'll have enough money to go.  to Spain for holiday? Then your pension comes. Oh, government doesn't pension money anymore. Funny enough. Pudge fun stole it. Pay half your money in your life in tax. Oops, see doops. And then you wake up one day and go, whoa, I just got fucked. So the whole scam, the whole story is a lie. Because they want you broke. They don't want you rich. If you're rich, you won't listen to them. So all of it's a fucking lie. And intrinsically, we all know this, right? If I, when I pull up in one of my dirty cars to a gas station, the whole look at me and they see a Lambo or Ferrari or Bugatti or a Kernem's egg, whatever I'm driving, nobody goes, wow, he went to school. No, they think drug dealer gangster. They're thinking he broke the rules because anyone who follows the rules doesn't get shit. It's all a scam. It's all a fucking lie. So the slave mines are fucked, but those are the only ones who are too stupid to make money. Anybody who understands that the matrix is lying to them smart enough. It's a very few, very small percent.  our two stupid inside of our school. At the height of it before the matrix attack, we're relaunching now 175,000 students. We had 175,000 students, maybe 2,000, we kicked out for being two stupid. It's step by step. Do this, do that, do this, and don't be lazy. Fuck, it's not that hard, right? So stupid is not the problem. So we have people who are lazy, very few are stupid, but the majority, the main reason most people are broken because they are arrogant. I will sit here and say all the things I've said. I will do this, take time out of my life for free. Somebody at home will watch and digest it for free. They will agree when the things are being said or at least be entertained enough to continue to watch. And then I'll say, I'll teach you how to make money online. Carburetake.com, you can join the real world. And they'll sit there and go, yeah, I'll do it myself. They're arrogant. They have these egos from fuck knows where, because they didn't earn it.  and they're just too arrogant to listen to anybody. I became world champion by listening to my coach. I didn't become world champion by walking in saying, I'll do it myself. So how do you get anywhere in life? You have to listen. If Mike Tyson were to walk in, or if Elon Musk were to walk in here and talk to me about money, I wouldn't be sitting there going, I could do that. I'd be like, oh, Mr. Elon, Riches Man in the World, hello, very nice to meet you. Please, even though I already understand I don't want to want to car my hand or put rockets in space, please, you must know some things I don't know. How do you deal with the currency fluctuations? Does inflation impact how much it costs for you to just in a rocket into a spade like, I'll ask him something that's useful, right? But some people are so brutally arrogant that they'll sit here and they'll listen to all the things I said. And they'll agree that I'm intelligent. I'll agree, I'm actually successful, but they'll sit there and go, yeah, but you know what? I'll do it myself. I don't want to join that school, because I'll do it myself. They're arrogant. Everybody's fucking arrogant. I sit with people who I used to go to school with from Luland who were still broke and tell them how to make money. And you know what?  They do? They answer back. Yeah, but you know it's not that simple because you know the wife gets to kid, you know what, and I don't want to do things that way, the way I like to work. The way you like to work is why you're fucking broke. So what the fuck are you talking about? You just sat your waist in 10 minutes of my time. I told you how to take your business, a painting and decorating, or whatever the fuck you're doing. I make a serious amount of money, and now you're telling me the way you like to work, then stay fucking broke. The fuck you want me to do? What level of arrogance? But this is people. They'll sit with a multi-millionaire and tell you their view. Oh, I think that, no, when you're outqualified, and accept it and learn. So we all do. I'm not gonna get a, I can't play piano for shit. The piano teacher walked in here and said, this is what you're doing. I like to move my hands this way. I'm gonna dumbass. But this is the arrogance people operate under. So I'd say 20% of people are lazy, 20 to 25%. A large portion of the world are not lazy. They're actually working.  exceptionally hard but they're doing the wrong thing. Five percent of people are too stupid, so say 25 percent, 5 percent, and 30 percent, but 70 percent of people are brutally arrogant and this is why they are poor. That's the trick. I'm not saying feeling depressed is not real. Everyone feels depressed. I'm saying the idea of depression is something you cannot control is a dangerous idea in paradigm. The reason some people are committing suicides is because the matrix is telling you that if you feel depressed you cannot fix it. They tell you that depression is a disease that you can catch from the sky or how fantastic your life is and you have no control over it. And I argue that absolutely. The reason the matrix wants you to press it sad is because when that happens you are selfish. If you're depressed inside you want to care about yourself, you don't care about your community or your family, you don't care about the world, you don't stand up for anything. You will accept being in the ass like to rejoin you, you'll accept any amount of garbage they want to give you, any matrix to slave my in programming because you're too busy being sad to resist. This is why they tell you that when you are depressed and it is a disease, it is not a disease. You're depressed because you're...  your reality is depression, depressing. The truth is, if I lived the reality that most of these depressed people live, I'd be depressed. Your reality is depressing. You wake up, your wife doesn't love you, you can't start respect you, there's no milk in the fridge and you're almost dead. Of course, you're depressed, you're running out of time, never had any fun or adventure. And your tapes out here with all these super cars live in the life. We're here in Dubai doing a podcast, you're a broken, of course you're depressed. That's because your reality is depressing you. The depression is something deep in your heart and soul, telling you that you need to change things. That is the unlimited trauma of the power I was talking about earlier that you can take, take all of that depression and convert it into unlimited energy to fix your life. Energy cannot be destroyed, it will be converted, take the depression, and turn into motivation. And all of a sudden, you'll see how fantastic your life is. The guy emailed me saying he was depressed, he was like, oh, I said, listen, before you do that, get a six pack. You say, what are you talking about? You're fat, get a six pack. You still feel like you're in yourself, good luck. By the time you sent me pictures of a six pack, 12 million February, 2003 to August,  his life. His reality was depressing. Of course you feel depressed if your reality is depressing. If your reality is fantastic, you feel depressing. I guarantee there's a whole bunch of people you give a million dollars to in the depression of despair. The argument against that is why the famous people do it themselves for about to answer it a second. And the answer to that is actually going into the broader point. The way the matrix teaches about depression, they're trying to teach you to be helpless. They're teaching you that you cannot fight against it unless you take pharmaceutical drugs. And I say that it is not real in that paradigm and that believing that is the case is going to destroy you. Having no hope will prevent you from fighting back. They're telling you it's hopeless and it is not. If you do not believe in depression like I do not believe in depression no matter what bad things happen to me and how bad and depressed I feel, I know I can fix it. That will make me fight harder than if I believe I cannot fix it. The reason that rich people kill themselves is because they buy into this paradigm completely. They go to a therapist and the therapist says you have depression. It's not your fault. It's a disease that nobody can fix.  and I can't help and nobody can help. Then they give them a bunch of mind-altering drugs. Then they sit them there in therapy to talk about all the bad things that's ever happened to them. Let me tell you something. If someone told me that I felt shit and I couldn't help it, no matter what I did about my life, gave me a bunch of mind-altering drugs and then sat me down to repeat all the bad shit that ever happened to me for hours and hours a day, I killed myself. It gets to a point where it's just a fucking worth breathing anymore if you're gonna believe in that, Bollocks. But if you wake up and go, you know what, they're saying this is a disease, but I don't accept that paradigm. I don't believe in it. I believe that I can fix this myself. I believe if I change my reality and create an experience of life that I am absolutely not satisfied by, I will no longer feel depressed. You will cure most of your own problems. Take two men. Put them in two individual haunted houses. Haunted houses. One believes in ghosts. One doesn't. There's a loud noise in the night. One of believes in ghosts wakes up and is paranoid. It's afraid. Can't sleep. Is sitting in the corner of the room shaking. The one who doesn't believe in ghosts goes back to sleep. It is.  the belief in the ghost which punishes him, not the ghost itself. If you do not believe in depression, you can never be depressed. That's why I don't believe in it. And to go into a broader point about all of that, I don't even give a shit if I'm wrong. Because I've adopted a mental model that makes me ultimately an utterly competitive in all realms of human endeavor. And if by me not believing in depression, I am better at fighting the idea of being depressed. If I am better at making myself feel happier, if I am better at regulating my emotions by not believing in an idea, then I'll continue to stay wrong. I do not believe in things that take power away from me. I believe in things that make me more powerful. I will not sit here and start believing in ideas that are going to reduce my competence. Absolutely or not, lean off. So I don't give a shit what scientist, doctor, I don't give a fuck who you put in front of me and try to convince me I am wrong. I don't believe in it because I am more competitive in this realm. And for the people who believe, if you and I go through the same terrible experiences,  same level of heartbreak and trauma, I guarantee your belief will destroy you when might want. Why would you believe in an idea that is against you? Why would you let your own mind become your enemy? Don't people understand that the entire world, the entire matrix is against you? If you can't control your own mind, what chance do you have? Every single ounce of my body is on my side. My mind is my ally all the way down to my feet, my fingers. Every single part of me is absolutely and hourly on the same team. We are united front against the enemies of freedom. How can I have my own mind betray me and tell me that I can't do something? I don't give a fuck if I decide to jump off this building. If I decide I'm not going to die, I am not going to die. My own mind will not betray me. Perhaps I'm wrong. But I believe that I stand a better chance of survival. If I believe I will survive. As opposed to thinking I will certainly die. People underestimate the power of the mind. I do not believe in anything that takes power away from me. Another thing I do not do is adopt the thinking that people are sad. When I say this depressed with people, send me long emails trying to convince me I'm...  wrong. Why the fuck would I want to think like you when you don't want to live? Why would I want to think like you when you want to kill yourself and I'm perfectly fine? Adopting the thinking of somebody who doesn't want to live anymore is probably the most stupid ass in line inane childish, ridiculous thing a functioning adult can do. If you're depressed, I don't want to think anything like you. So take your opinion and get fucked. My primary goal when I speak is to make people think this is why I am deliberately provocative sometimes I swear, I discussed earlier because by saying things that joke people's brains a little bit they might slow down and think and absorb. If I sit and I don't talk as aggressively or quickly or continuously or precisely or if I don't swear then it's very easy for it to go in one ear and out the other. So my talking style is designed to disrupt so it seems like I'm on the exact right show. I'm supposed to be. Every single thing about civilized society.  pinned on violence. The idea that violence will eventually appear is the only reason any of this works. If I drive through Dubai too fast, the camera will off and I'm going to speedy ticket. If I ignore the speedy ticket, they'll add money to the speedy ticket. If I don't pay that, they'll send a bailiff. If I tell him to get fucked, they'll send the police. If I tell them to get fucked, they'll arrest me. If I refuse, violence. It doesn't matter what law, what tax code, what, anything you can think of. If you disobey long enough, it comes back to the bottom line. The bottom line is always violence. So if you talk to somebody and they don't listen, if you try and reason with somebody they don't listen, you try and bribe someone they won't take it. It gets to a point where there's one answer left and then teach them a lesson. A lot of people live inside of the matrix completely. Money is stage one to escaping the matrix. You can't think for yourself and talk the things you believe. If you need that wage and that person tilting to show.  All I'm trying to do is talk to the people who understand what I'm saying is right. When I say these things, or are going to be certain amounts of people who listen to this and think I'm crazy, he's crazy. And there's people who listen to it and go, yes, finally, he's finally I understand, finally I know what to do. I've felt this for so long. I've looked around me and knew that this shouldn't be my life. I knew that they're lying to me. I didn't know what to do. Now he's told me what to do. Those are the ones I'm interested in. And they can join the real world inside of Cropertake.com. I'll see them there. Anybody who thinks I'm crazy, that's fine. I'm crazy. Don't worry about me. I'm a crazy misogynist. The news has never lied to anybody. All every war ever started. The reason the news told you, that's why it started. It's not like every single one's going to fall slags in the beginning. Every single narrative that they've tried to purport upon you is not to control you. It's because they want you to know the truth because you're so important. Don't worry. So if the media is lying about me, they must be right. Why would they lie?  Why would they try and convince people that the world's most influential man is somehow bad? It's not because they're worried he has influence in my push to rule in the good direction, of course not. No, because he's such a bad guy. That's why he has no formal record. No girls come forward saying, I've done anything to anybody. No victims of any kind. And somehow I'm even. And the people who believe this garbage are still alive. And the people who believe this garbage are still alive.