 You need to be out competing all the other people on the planet who are hyper competitive. And if you think you have eight hours to sit there and just read a book, you are wasting your time. You are too slow and you are going to lose against people like me. Because we're just too quick, too fast. Our network's a two various and large and we make decisions too quickly and we absorb information too quickly and you're just behind it. By the time you were done reading the book, the moves have been made. It's over, yeah. It games over. Chest teaches you that if you lose, at some point you made a mistake. It doesn't matter if it's the smallest mistake, it doesn't matter if you just took too long, too long to think, to make the right move and you run out of time on the clock. At some point you fucked up you lose that game. It's 100% accountability with no luck. That's what's so important about learning chess. That's the first thing and the second thing is you need to, as a man, adopt the mindset that absolutely everything that happens to you is completely an artlier fault, whether it's good or bad. And most people don't have that. Most of them don't have that. When the matrix was attacking me and they were destroying me, when they're calling out my ex is trying to get fake fucking charges on me and put me in jail. When they close my banking accounts on me.  10, 11 million dollars when they banned me on all course all social media's and lie about me when they harassed my family and did a I'm sitting there going this is my fault all of this is me I got here is my fault I'm not going that was unfair it was orchestrated the NGOs worked against me that because that is not helpful accountability it's a hundred percent accountability and all things but also when I go out there and I start to be got to you it's like that's me this is my this is my fault the cars my fault and the big houses my fault and everything that ever goes wrong is my failure yeah absolutely you have to take complete and our accountability for everything you can't make excuses ever there's never an excuse and you're right people try and put things on the outward outward on the outside it's interesting I'm watching Forest Gump about five years ago I was on a plane I can't remember where I was flying in the beginning of Forest Gump has a scene in it which I don't think many people actually have ever analyzed or anticipated or understood what the scene means but when he's sitting on the bench at the beginning think about it for a scump he's sitting on the bench at the beginning and there's a feather yeah yeah yeah and then it lands on him and the movie begins yeah what they're saying with  that is, for a sister, feather, and life has just pushed him all over and put him in all these unusual scenarios. Life has directed him everywhere. That's what it's saying. And if you're going to be the guy and you're going to allow life to happen to you and you're not going to happen to life, then you're at mercy of the wind. Perhaps it might work out okay, but it might not, right? So you have to be the guy who goes, okay, the wind's blowing in this direction. Fuck them. I'm doing this. You have to come to life. You can't let life come to you because if you let life come to you, then you're going to be living inside of a matrix in a system which is designed not for you to live your best life. It's designed for you to comply. And it's not how you benefit. That's what it's really about. The whole world is about power. So when someone comes on TV and tells me I'm supposed to believe something, you need to believe this about the planet. You need to believe this about the gauge. You need to believe this about this virus. You need to believe this. I sit there and I look at it and go, why do you want me to believe this? Do you think? Why? And sorry, sorry, I'm going to start now. Sorry, bro. It's like, why do you want me to believe this? Do you want me to believe this because it's good for me or is it because it's good for you?  Are the rules made for the benefit of me or are they made for the benefit of the people who make the rules? And you sit there and you understand that all of it is programming, all of it is a lie. They want you to believe things that are not true, like go to university, get in debt, sit there, you know, learn a degree, that they want you to believe all this crap so that you are as enslaved as they can make you. This is all they want. I think that the entire world was built by this God-given drive to conquer. And to conquer doesn't always mean dominate others. You can conquer the sky by building a skyscraper. You can conquer by building roads. You can conquer by construction, not only by destruction. You conquer by turning up to a new territory and having a beautiful family and creating children. I think that's inside of every single man. I think it's been dumbed down by the matrix. But I'm interested in fun. I don't understand the concept of fun. Fun is for women and children. All the women around me have fun. If you ask a woman the kind of man she wants, she will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent. I literally have women say to me, you know what?  I love being around you, like what? I don't have to think. I'm like, what do you mean? Because I just turn up and like, we're just walking the hotel and everyone's staff doing anything we want and the jet's just on the runway and we just land and I'm in this beautiful place and I don't even know where I am and I get to just turn my brain off and it's great. Like they want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and successful. They don't have time for sad dudes. They don't care. So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're gonna sit there and self-diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're gonna have a shit life and nobody's ever gonna give a fuck and you're gonna perpetually lose forever. And that's your decision. I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even wanna accept that as a reality that can possibly exist. I don't give a shit. What happens to me in my life? I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, most heinous things that can possibly imagine happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression will be temporary because I will never stay a loser. It is against my creed. It's not my DNA. Ignorant people can, to a degree, be happier and start.  and others. Yeah, they're just because they don't understand what's really happening. They don't understand about the battle of good and evil. They don't understand about the matrix. They don't understand that they're a slave. They don't understand it. And they're ignorant to how good their life could be. So they think their life is good. I understand all that. But that all changes when times get hard. Because those people are not happening to life. Life is happening to them. And they are subject to circumstances. Correct. I'm not subject to circumstances. No matter what happens, I can change country. I can fight against the wind. You are the same. I can disappear. I am the circumstance. Take arrives and circumstances change. Whereas these people cannot do that. The circumstances detects their life and on a long enough time scale, especially in the world we're currently living in, I think that things are going to get a lot harder for these people. And they will see soon the ignorance is not bliss because they cannot pay their heating bill. Whereas if they were less ignorant and paid attention, they'd be able to be living in a mansion like me with heating on full blast. So this is what happens. I have hundreds of people who I talk  do all doing this shit. Hey, take if you've seen this. Boom, and I'll throw him something he'll throw me something good. That's my ecosystem. That's who I talk to. Those are my friends. We don't talk about Rihanna. We don't talk about football. We don't talk about love Island. We don't talk about anything other than money. How are we not going to make hundreds of millions of dollars? How are we not going to? How am I not going to have money? Like, that's all we talk about. That's all we do. So I say this to you when I say, when's the last time we talked about the coffee shop example? It says people at the time, when's the last time you sat and talked about money? What do you mean? When's the last time you sat down with someone and talked about money? What do you mean talk about money? Well, if you don't know what to talk about, then you don't understand money. So go learn how money works. Go learn how bank works. Go sell YouTube. For free, you don't just pay 50 grand in four years of the university. Go sit on YouTube and understand money, banking, or the real estate market. Any of it. Understand the last housing price crash, why it happened. Understand mortgage rates and how this affected by interest rates.  Understand it and then go sit with someone else who understands it and talk about it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I should do that Yeah, yeah back to TV dumbasses my kids are broke. They are brokeies. Yeah, yeah, cuz they ain't gonna get the lessons in the other way You know what? It's actually different. So if I had a daughter my number one concern wouldn't be spoiling her So I think spoiling a chick isn't even a bad thing really. I don't think it affects their mentality nearly as much as a man But the problem with spoiling a woman is if she has too much access to money a man's gonna get hold of it I've been around bro. I know if let's let's say I let's say I had a daughter She's 18 and she has access to much money her boyfriend whoever the fuck he is if he has any game Any game is gonna be in the club or my money driving her fast car with no insurance No, I'm saying she'll be buying him nice presents and shit so that one noisy about the chick So she can't have any money because I don't want some fucking side dude getting it Yeah, yeah, my son ain't gonna get any money because I don't want him losing his hunger  I want him to grow up broke. I want him to go through all the struggles I went through. I want him to suffer. I want him to have that fire. Now, I had some major disadvantages to the fact that I had absolutely zero access to money. My family was completely broke. So I will give him some advantages. Let's say like when I was a fighter and I was fighting, I couldn't pay the rent. If my son, when he wins his fight, I'll give him a financial bonus myself for winning. He still has to go win. You understand what I'm saying? My kids are not going to be born into any kind of wealthy environment in any kind of money. When I have children, I probably won't even raise them in a Western country because I think Western countries are soft. Probably if I have boys, I want them growing up in deep Russia. And to get all the cool ones. Yeah, with like in the mountains, with the goats, like just running in the snow barefoot. To be born. Yeah, well monsters. That's what I want. I don't see the point and I have to send them to some private school to sit around and bunch of fucking tafs. Yeah. I don't see that. I think the best education in the world comes from the streets and comes from hardship. I don't think a private school can teach my kids anything that I can't teach them or that they actually need to know.  you know, so when I have children their lives will be very, very hard. So I think that as a man your happiness comes from feeling respected, over feeling loved. And the reason perhaps you're happy now is because you have more respect for yourself because of the decisions you're making. And you have self respect. And I think that a lot of men, even if they have self respect, if nobody else respects them, they're struggling. If you're a person, if you're a man and you're out here and you go, you know what, who do I want to be? I want to be strong and rich and brave and respected. Then I need friends who are strong and rich and brave and respected. That's what you need to do. If you're going to say, I want to be these things, but I hang around with this guy because we play FIFA together, then you can stay a fucking loser. And that is your decision. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for losers. I want to make this another thing clear that ends up on TikTok and I'm going to cry so I shout out, I don't give a solitary fuck if you want to stay in the bottom of the societal totem pole. If I'm going to ignore how I feel day after day, so I can perform with regards to whether I'm sad, happy, pissed off, tired. I'm going to get up and work.  Anyway, when I'm tired, how do you expect me to feel sorry for you because you didn't work when you were tired? If I don't care about my own emotions, I certainly don't give a solitary shit about yours. If you want to stay a loser, stay one. Good, it's fine. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for you. I don't care. This is the thing that I don't truly understand. If I'm unhappy with something and I'm uncomfortable with something that I fix it, that's endless motivation, which I don't truly believe in as a concept, but that's endless fuel for the fire. If I was unhappy with something about myself, regardless of what it was, I would be able to take all of that discomfort and turn it into endless energy to get the problem fixed. But these people seem to... It's okay to be unhappy. Yeah, well, these people seem to sit and say, I'm really unhappy with X, but then stay doing X. So I don't believe they're truly actually unhappy. What you'll notice if you live life long enough is that somebody will sit and say to you, I'm unhappy being a loser. You say, why are you a loser? I just sit at home, play video games seven days a week. And you're like, okay. And maybe three days of the week, they're unhappy doing.  and that's the time they email you and that's the time they want to make a change. But four days of the week, it doesn't really bother them. It doesn't really bother them. Because if it bothered them seven days a week, guess what? They would fix it. Correct. So I have very little sympathy for people, and that's not because I'm not a nice person, but it's because I've been so hard on myself and I've been through so many things that were difficult and I've been through so much pain and trauma myself, some of itself inflicted, some of it given to me by God to make me a better person. But I've been so difficult on myself. It's very hard for me to look at somebody who's refused to be difficult on themselves and see them as my equal or feel sympathy or pity for them. Well, I would I feel pity for somebody who took the easy route when I took the hardest possible route. I took the hardest possible way to be the man I am and you were too big of a... And I want me to feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry for these people. And because as a man, you can be anything you decide you want to be, that's the beauty of being a male. You can build your character completely from the ground up. Just look at video game. Every single thing about me that people respect I build.  I was not born a world champion kickboxer. I was not born this intelligent or intellectual. I was not born this rich. I was not born this strong. I was not born this confident. I was not born this interesting. I was not born as charismatic and humble and gorgeous and tall and strong and sexy. I was not born none of these things. I became these things myself. So I deserve all the spoils of war. And anybody who decides they don't want to work hard enough to become those things, then they deserve to sit and accept their mind-fereer. Yeah, that's their problem. The kind of people who are really genuinely upset by what I say are the kind of people who can't truly learn anything and become successful in life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I obviously know what I'm talking about to some degree, right? So if Mike Tyson walks in here and tells you he's going to teach you how to box and says, you can't fight your a pussy. If that upsets you, then you can't learn, right? It's Mike Tyson. Just shut up and listen. If someone, Richard, me comes along and says, Andrew, you don't know shit. You're a dumbass and you're a broken. I'm going to sit there and go, OK, maybe I'm a broken. Elon, tell me something. Right, I'll listen. But if you're going to sit there and go, no, go me names. But I'm not listening. You're never going to get anywhere, right? You don't become the man.  Master, unless you're very, very good at being a student, and I've always been very, very good at knowing when to shut up. My entire life, I've always woken up, thinking or feeling like I had an enemy to fight against. As long as I can remember, I've always had, I was a professional chess player when I was a kid. So when I was four, I woke up, and my dad was sitting there saying, you're playing this Chinese kid, he's good, right? So I always had that, then I had professional fighting, I had eight, seven fights. So my whole life had some fight coming up. And now I wake up and the matrix is attacking me. So I've always woken up feeling like I had an enemy. And that certainly shaped my reality. It definitely shapes how I act and shapes how I think. I've always felt like I was in war, if that makes sense. Have you ever felt like you were your own worst enemy? No, in fact, quite the opposite. I've had a healthy fear and respect for all of my enemies to the point where I've understood the only chance I stand to beat them is to have as many allies as possible and the most important allies in my own mind. I have enough people who dislike me that I don't have the luxury of doubting myself. So even at the height of the cancellation.  right when they were coming at me with everything and I haven't even told you some of the stuff that come at me with I'm about to tell you this is a lot more scary than getting it in the lead from Instagram When they were coming at me absolutely Even the people close to you're going you're dealing with this well, and I was like I have I have now innumerable shadow figures trying to destroy me If my brain betrays me, I'm really fucked Right like I can't go down that path. So no, it's actually completely the other opposite I've galvanized myself against internal enemies might me and every single part of me is all in the same team You always will be and I think that's because like I said my whole life I was battling against something and someone else one of the most Terrifying but also gratifying things of life as a man is that we're all born relatively Valueless. I don't think women are born that way a woman if she's born especially if she's attractive has an innate value People just want her no matter what but as a man if you're not an important man Nobody gives a fuck about you and they're never gonna care So you have to build yourself from the ground up and that's scary for a lot of people But it's also a massive opportunity you can decide if you want to be a famous musician or a nice sensitive poet  or a painter or a boxing world champion or a businessman, you get to decide on all the different characters in the video game, you can choose who do I want to be. And then if you actually try, actually try, you can become it. It's not amazing. You can wake up and go, you know what? I want to be this kind of guy. I knew who I wanted to be. I wanted to be the dude pulling up in the Lambo three in the morning, gets out. And I was like, who is this big, strong, rich dude? I wanted to be that man. So I became him. And if you don't want that, if you want to go to be a musician and play guitar and get a bunch of chicks and chillin' Bali and smoke, whatever, go, you can choose your character and build it. So I don't want to hear it. I'm an interest in it. And you're right. You have to be careful who you're around because you are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. I knew a guy who wanted to be a musician. And I'd meet him and say, how things going? And he'd go, bro, nearly finished my song and finished my album. And we're going to make a million of money. It was cool. Six months later, it's him, how's things? Hey, bro, almost done with the album. Then I was like, it's been six months. An album. Yeah, but you don't want to say, you got to mix the track. Takes time. Mix the track.  Okay, we have computers, what, 10 minutes? Okay, okay, two days. It's been six months, bro. Like, I don't sit to him and say, it can't take this long. You're just smoking weed. You're not working. And he's like, he's like, you don't know, you don't know. So I said, okay, I'll make a track. So I made a song. I wrote some lyrics and hit a guy up, got a mic. I know I'm not talented. Talked to Bubba, I made a song in two and a half hours. And I started releasing these songs I made in two hours. And it was just a spiked that guy. Just to teach him a lesson about how speed works. It's funny because obviously not because of my musical called talents, but because of my influence everywhere else. I got millions of views on my videos. So I beat him. I'm like, how many views you got? How many views you got? Zero. And it's not because the songs are good, not because I think I'm a musical genius. Because I'm tape. Because I'm tape. But yeah, they're like an hour, two hours I threw them together. And it was just a lesson and speed to make sure that I wasn't making any mistakes. And he was telling me it genuinely took months. I knew he was wrong.  But the only way you truly know is to do so it's like this has to be a lie So I made a song in two hours. I made a video in three hours and boom boom for I'm from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m Bang millions of views done and he's still talking about it. I'm he's probably still talking about it today It's probably doesn't even exist come tomorrow. Yeah, be ready It's coming. Yeah, look everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it You need to de-link your time to your money because if you're only working for money You run out of time you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles my point is if you have no money And you're coming to me saying I want to make passive income. Why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first Because there's no such thing as completely truly a hundred percent passive You're gonna have to check on it. You have to maintain it You're gonna have to find a new tenant for that property You're gonna have to make sure that defy crypto farm. You're in doesn't go to zero. It's not a drug pool You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right? But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is Amazing to me  You should be worried about active income. If you show me, if I'm a brokeie, and you show me how to make $1,000 an hour, I don't sit there and go, okay, but how can I make that passive? I go, cool, I make $18,000 a day, because I'm gonna work. You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time. I look at passive income because I have 18 hours a day I work. When all 18 of those hours are done and my workload still isn't finished, I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive, either via staff or whatever else. And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time, and when all my time is done, now I have to become more efficient so that I can get more done within the same timeframe. To sit there and say, I don't wanna use my time, so I want passive income is dumb at, is dumb shit. The 16-year-old making $45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me and go, I don't wanna make the tip talks. I want someone else to make it passive that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working. You have to just work. At some point, you have to bite the bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me and talks about passive income and their broken income, like you are just lazy.  You are lazy, you'll never get anywhere. Lazy people never get anywhere in life doesn't matter what it is, they never have it, tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never gonna get there. I feel uncomfortable with a lot of money in my bank. So that's another thing, like I'm now at the point where I don't really carry money at all. I don't have any way of paying for things because anytime I'm anywhere, I'm with like my PA or my security team, whatever. So it's almost weird how quickly you used to like walking in somewhere, eating and just walking out. I don't pay. And someone else sits and pays for me. So it's weird, I don't pay for anything. I don't have any money, I don't have any of that stuff anymore because that sounds like true freedom though. You don't have to worry about the money at all. I don't look at the price of anything. I don't look at the price of anything. If a new car launches and I want it, I just say give me this and sold it. Yeah, literally give me one. What options, all of them, just take every box by. And cars turn up at the house, I've forgotten a bar and... When did you reach that level of wealth? Was it within the last couple of years or were you at that stage beforehand? I was always fairly well off, but in the last, I'd say three.  Last three years I got to a point where money is truly not real. Money has no value whatsoever for me anymore. So if I want something, I'll just buy it. What do you do? Start from scratch. You're in the London, you've got nothing, you've got no contacts, you're not in your war room. Yeah. And you need to make 10,000 pounds. I've never done it before. However, you'd have to start with selling something. You'd have to start with becoming the middle man of something. And you have to start by taking a commission. That's the first thing you can do. I... Like, the London dropped in the middle of zero and doing it physically, I'm not sure. I think, no matter where I was dropped, I would turn to the internet no matter what. OK. I think that... Because the internet's just a global marketplace. It's just so much better. I would... I'd find somebody with... OK, so let's say I had nothing, right? I'd find somebody with star power, like you, for example. I'd come along, I'd drop you an email and say, listen. I want to put some together. I believe I can help you sell more. I am hoping if I show you I can sell more, you'll give me X amount of commission, X amount of percent. I understand you have star power, you have something I don't have. You can talk in front of the camera, you can attract people, you can...  entertain people. What are you currently selling? You're selling this? Okay, if I bring X amount of thousand people, will I be able to get this percent? That's what I would do. I think that if I didn't have the ability to sit on a camera and entertain, I would find somebody who does and I would be the blood and guts beneath the show business. Interesting. And that's the easiest way to get rich in the world today. So you'd find someone who's got an existing product or service. Correct. And then you would help them sell it and promote it. Absolutely not only. That's that's the easiest way to get rich today, especially because commission only nobody's afraid of saying yes to. What's made me the most money is the war room. The war room is a private member's organization that I run. So when I first got it's interesting. When I got extremely wealthy, I wanted to know where I kind of felt like I'd gone to outer space expecting to see aliens and I got there and there were none. I was like, where is everybody? Okay, I'm rich, but I expected once I became rich to meet other men who were rich yeah, focused, intelligent, had their dating lives in order.  physical health and order, their finances and order, their connections and order. And I got to the top of the mountain, I looked around and realized nobody had it. Like yeah, this guy's rich, but he's cut by his wife and he's fat. This guy's rich, but he's controlled by the matrix. This guy's rich, but he's dummy. He just made a bunch of money making music rap. He's an idiot. This guy's rich, like there's nobody who had it all. I was like, and I wanted a network of genuine predators. I wanted the free mason's almost. I thought, I didn't want to join their organizations. You want people like you? I wanted people like me. So I started an organization to find those men. If you spend all of your time sitting around people who talk about how to become powerful and influential and rich, you're just kidding. Guess what you're going to end up being? Powerful, influential and rich. So now I have the greatest network on the face of the planet. And when I say it's maybe the most money, it's not because of the membership fee. The membership fee is very low. It's cheap. It's because of the opportunities and connections inside of the world. And that's why I am ultra competitive, and that's why nobody will ever beat me. If you're an individual and you wake up and think I want to make...  my life better and you spend eight hours reading a book. That's fine. When I wake up, I wake up to maybe 25 messages from some of the most influential and rich people on the planet that you've never heard of. Telling me, by this now, this is an opportunity to make money on the Russian rubble. This is an opportunity to make money here. This is an opportunity to make money on this land. This is what's going down in Iraq. Here we have an opportunity in Nairobi. Here we are. And I'm sitting there going, okay, and I have got all this created information and genuine opportunities and real time presented to me. And within 15 minutes, I've made a $5 million investment. You're on page one. You're still reading your book. The introduction. You're still reading. You're still reading the introduction. And this is why, against people like me and my network and the other people inside the war room, you will always lose. So the war room's made me the most money, but not because of membership fees or anything like that, because of the genuine connections and opportunities inside the war room. And we're just free minds. Anybody who listens to what I say and agrees with it and likes it should understand that you are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. 100%. As you know that, then you need to make sure you're not.  spending time with anybody you don't want to be. And if you learn and absorb and you're in the right place and you can do fantastically well. So the war room, I mean, with the war room network now, I could never be broke ever again. I think the world would be a terrible place if everyone had a free mind. You do need the slave mind. I've heard you say that. As annoying as they are, you do need the slave mind. So you do need the guy who believes that working the gas station is important and he's good at it. You need him. It's good. You need these things. Yeah, but what if that guy just doesn't know any better, though? It's good. It's good. It's fine. The world can't all be, you know, mansions and the palm and the butt. They can't all be that. So successful is all about self definition, which is what I was saying at the beginning. You have to decide who you want to be. And if you're, if you wanted to be Joe Schmo, and you pull it off, then you'll be a pretty happy content person to decide who you want to be. I think the people who are miserable is the gap between their expectations and their reality. That's what the misery lies. My expectations were always enormously high. Even when I was a nobody, I knew I had to be filthy rich and a kickboxer and I knew I had to be the kind of guy that people gave me. Were you happy?  I know, but I knew I'm basic things at the age of 15. I knew that if I'm the kind of guy that if I raise my voice, people are going to care. I'm not going to be the guy who starts shouting and everything's funny. I know I'm going to be the kind of guy who is genuinely a formidable opponent in all realms of human endeavor. I know I'm going to have money. I know I'm not going to take a role. Where did that come from though? I just can't just. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. Because my whole life I've felt like there's always more. I know that there's more. But I think a lot of people have that. Of course, but the people who are miserable are the people who don't try hard enough to obtain it because I actually believe this is another thing I'll say. I believe the universe is very giving. I think the universe and God himself is very giving. I've yet to meet somebody in all my years who is genuinely giving 100% of themself day after day. Doesn't snake anyone firm handshake. Look you in the eye. Doesn't lie to nobody and tries 100% doesn't get what they want. I've never seen it. Every single person who doesn't have what they want, there's something in their story that doesn't quite add up. I've yet to see some guy who have you ever seen a guy who eats right and drains his ass off and never misses a gym session ever not grow. Never. Never.  not grow ever it's just that's when the universe works right so if you're truly about it and you're truly trying Your absolute best you're gonna do it and I that's what I believe I believe the universe is extremely giving So when I meet somebody and they go I really want a dish and I don't have that so you didn't really want it I don't understand or I don't fathom the concept of fun I don't wake up and think what can I do for fun? I don't wake up and think what is fun? I want fun that never crosses my mind. I wake opportunities right because you have to be positioned To take advantage of opportunities. Yeah, it's like in chess. They say good moves come from good positions It's true. You can't find a good move from a terrible position right if you're sitting at home with no money It's hard to invest it Bitcoin out of dollar No matter what it goes to right you go to be in a good position to take advantage of things So you've always got to be in a position where You have a good network you have good information you have some kind of liquid money You have the ability to survive without that money. You could take a risk like it's hard to set yourself up I'm in a position now where I'm I'm in the NBA  I'm an NBA player, I can never go broke again. So it doesn't matter, right? Once you're in the NBA, I can throw a million dollars to something, it doesn't matter, it works at all. So for me, it doesn't make a difference. And that's why it's so much easier. They always say the first million is the hardest and they're completely right. Once you get to a certain point, you can just gamble to it. I don't want to sound, you know, airy fairy, but I truthfully believe that universities are giving place and that if you actually really want something, you can have it. How much you want is how much you're prepared to sacrifice. So if you want half a million a year, you can definitely make that. And that level of stress you'll absorb for that money and the amount of headache you'll go through. If that's the amount you're prepared to accept for a happy life, you'll have it. Do you think anyone can do that, though? I think that you have to pre-decide, right? So even my level of wealth comes with enormous stress. Governments are after me. Like it's it. Most people are not mentally prepared for the bullshit I go through. So the number one factor that's going to decide how successful you are as a person is your ability to absorb stress, your stress level. The better you are dealing with stress, the more...  Problems you can fix more money you're gonna make. What I'm doing now at my stage in my life is buying power. So I thought I wanted to be rich. I didn't want to be rich. I wanted to be free. You're only free with power. And in the American political systems, a perfect example of lobbyists and lobbying. You know, like they will lobby for things. They'll come along and say, I'll give you an example. Why are there no high-speed trains in America? America's huge and rich. High-speed trains to be fantastic for America. But then the rail network is basically non-existent. The reason is because the oil companies, lobby both political parties to make sure that they don't build trains, everyone drives. Long highways, it's good. It sells a lot of gasoline. That's what they want. So once you get to the starting level of money, you realize you want political friends. So you're like, okay, I want this law or I want this law to work this way. Well, I just want someone I can call if this happens to me. And you just start giving a lot of money away effectively. And you're trying to buy power. And that's why it's always worked. That's what these huge corporations and companies do. Well, the thing is that reading a book is it's a reward without any risk. And this is why I think a lot of people are proponents of reading. They say reading, reading, reading, because nothing can really go wrong besides wasting your...  time in life, of course, but they don't believe that. I am a much larger proponent of larger risks and larger rewards. If you want to learn about self-help, if you want to understand yourself and see what kind of man you really are and learn how to fight through adversity, and learn how to get up when life's difficult, and learn how to control your mind, and learn how to struggle, then you can go to the boxing gym, and you can get your ass kicked. You do not need to read any books. You need to get in the gym, walk in there and say, I'm going to fight the best fighter here every single day and not quit until you can eventually be in. But most people are not man enough for that. So instead, they'll read a self-help book, and they'll sit there and try and talk to me about mindset. I learned my mindset in battle. My mindset is 87 professional fights. My mindset was learning the reality of the real world. I don't need to read a self-help book. I don't need to read about motivation or confidence. I've been in the cage smashing people's faces in. I don't need to learn any of that stuff. So I learned reality, and reality is always going to be a better teacher than a book, because you're not learning when you read books. You're regurgitating. You may be reading, but I don't believe you're truly learning my coach used to say, if it doesn't hurt, you didn't learn. And I think he's completely  right and it's the same with it's the same with entire life. You see people make the same mistake over and over again until until eventually goes really wrong and it's only then they'll change. So absolutely so I learned how to become self-disciplined and become self-motivated and work hard and I learned how to face adversity and find strength within myself. I didn't know I had because people were trying to kill me inside of a cage and you cannot replicate that by reading pages of a book. So it's a waste of time. There's a study I read about stress and it was saying that stress they stress as a placebo effect attached to it because the placebo effect is extremely powerful. So they found some of the most stressed people in the world and they split them into two groups and they're all equally stressed. They all have a bunch of cortisol in their blood. Yeah. The people who believed they were that stress was bad for you and that stress can hurt you and they believed those mediarchals were dying earlier. They were having heart attacks and having stress related illnesses. The people who believed the opposite who just said stress is part of being successful. I like stress. I feel stressed. I do my best to make me anxious. It turns my brain on. I like being stressed. Lived longer than ever.  The point is the same drug, how you look at it and how your body anticipates it, how you feel about it affects the real world results. I don't think motivation is a real thing. I don't believe in motivation as a concept. I think discipline is real and I also think discontentment is real. And I don't think it's possible for anybody to stay in a scenario where they're truly uncomfortable. If you fall asleep on your arm and your arm really starts to hurt, even in the deepest sleep you're going to wake up and move your arm. If you sit there and your life has been in a rock for seven years, you are semi-comfortable in that rock. Sure, there's days you're pissed off, sure you're semi annoyed by it. But there's also days where you just play video games eat pizza and you're kind of cool with it and it's no big deal. If you were truly unhappy and uncomfortable and discontent with your scenario, you wouldn't be in it. So I don't believe there's anybody who's truly, when I was broke, I couldn't sleep. Yeah, I'm not saying it. Please understand me. When I was broke, I couldn't sleep. So you're trying to go to bed thinking how the fuck these people have Ferrari's. I want a fucking Ferrari. I couldn't sleep. If I had to open a coffee.  shop. If I sit in a coffee shop, right, I sit in Starbucks, the whole time I'm in there, not only am I thinking about how they got the money from me and how much I spent, I think about how I could outcompete them. I'd sit there and go, okay, cool, I'm in Starbucks, I spent five pound sixty eight, I got a latte, I got a donut, and I'm sitting here. And that business place, that commercial property right across the street is available for lease. How could I outcompete this coffee shop, which just took my money? What's the profit margin on this five pound sixty eight? How much it just cost them the coffee pennies, donut, thirty p maybe, right? How much is the staff? They pay the staff minimum wage eight pound an hour. So I've already paid half, I've already paid 30 minutes work from that brokeie. The way she's there for another 30 minutes of free, right? How much is the rent? How much is the business rates? By open up there, how would I attract people to come into my shop as opposed to their shop? They got a big brand name. I'm brand new. Okay, well, the bitch working here is ugly. My one's gonna be hot. Boom, that's the beginning. Next thing, do they have any signage outside? No, I'm gonna try and put some signage outside. Do they have parking? No, I need parking. But we need to start thinking about how you can convince people to give you their money.  is supposed to give it to the places they already give it. Different unlimited. And once you do that, people say, I can't think of how to make money. If you start doing that for a year and just keep a notepad, you'll have a hundred ideas of how to make money. You'll sit there and go, there's a place here that's doing this and we could do it better this way. This place online is doing this, we can do it better this way. And then to get them all done, what you need, network. You need people. It's all about people. Then you need either go in the war room, if you want to join, or have your people around you and say, okay, we can make money with this. Who's gonna do it? Who's not lazy? Before I am tomorrow. Boom, let's get it done. So there's unlimited ways to make money, but most people go through life and their money is taken from them and they don't even identify how they got tricked out of it. They just have to leave it. Yeah, they just have, how did I spend 16 grand in surclass night? Oh, because my ass got drunk. How did they get me drunk? Well, because the guy, when I first bought the first bottle of champagne, was there on the table, pouring, pouring, pouring, putting in my hand, got my new drunk, then I spent 16 grand on balls. That's how they got my money. So if I open a club, I need to make sure when people first come in, they get fucking hammered. Nobody thinks about it that way. Nobody.  think how did they get that out of me right? Why am I spending $2,000 for dinner and Novakov? Is it the food or is it the fact that I'm a Novakov and tag myself in Novakov? You have to identify how you're getting fomused, how you're getting finessed. That's how you do it. Most people just walk through life, getting finessed, left, right, and set her, giving all their money up. And I'm like, oh, how did that happen? You got to learn to finesse other people. Yeah, but it's not finesse in a negative way. It's in a good way. It's a good way. You have to take money from other people. That's the only way you're gonna make money. You have to take it. There's a, there's a pimpe. And he said a really intelligent line. He said, business is just other people's money. That's all business is. I want to start a business so you want other people's money. That's what you want. So how are you gonna give it to you? You have to think about it. Nobody thinks about it. And the easiest way to think about it is to think how you're giving yours away. That's, that's, that's a mental model you should adopt. And you'll end up below to business ideas. Businesses, business ideas are everywhere. It's just execution, which is difficult. Your ability to speak freely is directly correlated to your insignificance. When nobody listens to you, you can see  what you want. If you get a platform and start talking, you will learn very quickly how you're not allowed to say what you want because people are listening. You're free to talk in an empty room. You're not free to talk to millions of people who are paying attention to you. So what we have now in the West is a society which is only linked and only bound by this false idea of freedom. So I'm now at a point where, and my attitude to money, I want to make something clear is relatively unhealthy. I have no respect for money. I'm not there are people who are much smarter with money than me. I don't have any respect for money at all. I don't believe in saving money. And I think a lot of that is down to my, I'm not advocating people to be like this. It's my life philosophy and the fact that I don't live in any realm of fear at all. I can't imagine myself not being able to make more. I can't ever be poor. And if I want something, if I wanted something now that took every penny of my net worth, then I would buy it. I'll give you an example.  I have an 812 super fast Ferrari. I love it very much. They've released it. Yep. They've released the 812 Super fast competition on they've released a competition version instead of 400 grand It's 1.6 million which is a big difference for a bit of a body kit and I want one in Europe and I want one in Dubai So I bought two so I bought 3.2 million dollars of Ferrari Should I have done that? Well, yeah, I can but my point is I'm happy to just spend money. Don't give me shit, right? But that's down to my faith in myself So when you're asking how much of my income is disposable in my mind all of it I don't get you I have a lot of money left because I can't possibly spend it But I'm happy to spend all my money what really matters are the systems you build the robust systems If you have a robust system that's guaranteed to pay you $50,000 a day and it always will and you try to faith in it And you're working hard you're on top of it and it's gonna pay you at 9 a.m. Every morning 50 grand You could spend 50 grand day if you wanted to you may not want to but you could so for me All of my money's disposable. I don't have a clue how much money I have when I was broke I knew exactly how much money I had at I  117 pound in that west. That was a more rent paid, I got nothing else. When I was broke, I knew exactly how much I had, but now I'm at a point where it gets really difficult to truly measure how much money I have, because you have cash, okay, that's easy. I have some crypto, which is constantly fluctuating, and then you have assets, and the price of the assets is constantly fluctuating. And then I have companies and income streams, which need to be valued, and how do you value them, right? They can be an eight times multiplier, and some circumstances, and others, that would be a 10 times multiplier. So it's really difficult for me to put a value on it. If you were to say to me how much money do I have in the bank? But then even then, if I'm gonna be careful, I say it's a podcast. But even then, even then, once you have a healthy respect for money, once you get past a certain amount of money, you don't need it in the bank. Like there's no point in me having 50M liquid in the bank. Why? What am I gonna buy? You know, you're like, as long as you have whatever you have in the bank to run around the world with, you have enough. So you try and put that money to use, right? You buy assets at 6 YZ. So it's really difficult. Most people don't deserve to be proud of themselves. And that's the truth. A lot of people...  They all, you know, I have confidence issues. And I say, if I was you, I would have confidence issues. Of course, I don't, I completely understand what you have confidence issues, you're a dork. But we have to be realistic here. We have to be absolutely not realistic because the world is brutal and it's harsh. If you're not proud of yourself, you probably don't deserve to be proud of yourself. So you're not gonna feel happy. And you just talked about confidence. Confidence comes from competence. The reason I'm confident is because I'm good at everything. I'm good at everything I do. The things I'm not good at, I'm not confident in, of course. And I know what they are. I don't do them very often. I've now created my reality to the point where I don't do anything I'm not good at. You are, you're just hired. I, you're higher, I just don't wanna do it. Like I, I don't play darts. I'm not good at darts, right? I do what I, I'm, I'm do what I'm good at. So yeah, I'm absolutely not really confident because I'm absolutely not really competent and that takes practice and discipline and motivation. And you need to fail a few times. You need to get up. And like I said earlier, when I learned my entire mindset and professional fighting and chess, the two combined. That's so it comes down to. And when people say, oh, you know, I have confidence issues, usually I can look them up and down and say yeah.  I would completely and utterly struggle with confidence issues. Because the world is competitive and there's men like me on the planet and friends like mine on the planet and you're competing against us for money, for girls, for status, for resource, and you're going to be destroyed and decimated the entire time. So of course you have confidence issues when you can be annihilated in real time by the competitor. Why wouldn't you have confidence issues? You'd be psychopathic not to. I don't even know the story at the 4 minute mile, but when everyone was running, long distance running, everyone said a 4 minute mile was impossible. And everyone was attempting it, it was impossible. And then one guy did it one day and after he did it, 10 people did it in like three weeks. And it's like the belief. So I think a lot of people in their council go, I'm done. Now, nobody else has my, I'm going to, I will sit here and openly say, my network and the things I do in the unique way I approach it. And the war room and the organization I have and the money I have and the influence I have is unique. Most people don't have that. However, people will have them or out to go. I've been canceled, but you know what? I'm not going. Doesn't matter. Don't give it up. Alright, just making a new account, bang, back to work, back to work, back to work. And on a long enough scale of enough people do that, there will be inertia.  and momentum behind it, which will make a shift in the universe. It will attack the matrix in real time. It's belief. I have a question. Believe, you must believe. I believe in you. You must believe. I believe in you. I believe in you. That's the key. Net worth is subjective. Like we just discussed. I think it's more about how much you're, and I don't think it's how much money you have in the bank because you can tear through any amount of money. It's how much money you're earning. Okay. I think a good life costs about a million, a million a month. Well, that's a big thing. A million a month is a good life. Half a million a month is doable, and you can still live good. But if you want to really truly live, like the best human experience costs about a million a month. And is that earned income or income with your assets? That's income that you have coming to the bank that you can spot. That you're taxed on as well. So it's slightly less than that, but I don't have to tax. When I started my business, I was told by my mentor what you've got to have to have a good life is 100,000 a month. That was 35, 36 years ago. Well, it's pretty similar now. Maybe inflation and stuff, but I can give you, it depends on the...  on the way you're living, right? Because I told this story before on another podcast, but I recently, Dan Belsarian, message Manie, said, look, let's hang out. That's all right, cool. And I was in Booker S, he was in France. So by the time, I only wanted to go see him for a day. So by the time I got the jet, I wanted my security team to come. So I had to get the force of security team and they came and obviously to pay their wage. And I put the trucks on the car, the cars on the truck to make sure they're awake for the day in case we would decide to go for a spin. And then I landed with a security team and everyone in these hotels, there's eight people in a five-star hotel, and then you're on the ground, to rent these V-classes, the armored ones look after you, and you go, you see Dan, talk to him for an hour, you have dinner, and then everyone gets back on the jet. By the time I saw Dan, in a 4-A hour whirlwind, by the time we moved the cars, which I didn't drive, and security came, except you spent 400 grand. You spent 400 grand, go see your friend. But it's very difficult for a government to even pretend to give a shit about the average person to me, because I understand how all this works. So the government comes along and decides to give out free money. The average person in the middle or at the bottom goes, wait, free money.  government cares about the poor person, not they don't. If they, let's imagine, let's keep it very simple. Let's say they gave every person in the UK 1000 pounds. They're either gonna save that money, or they're gonna spend that money, or they're gonna let's say invest that money. If they spend that money, which is what 90% of them would do, it goes to corporations, making the corporations feel through rich, to stock price in Amazon, during COVID went to the moon. Because they're gonna sit at home bored, just buying stuff, right? So there's less corporations than there are people. So let's say you give everyone the UK 1000 pounds, a lot of that money goes to one guy, Jeff Bezos, the rich get richer, just like before. Let's say they invest it, well they get invested in what, the stock market, well that increases the price, the share price of companies, who owns companies? Rich people. Let's say for somehow 200 of these people are best friends, and they never gonna argue, and they get together, and they get 200,000 pounds, and they buy a house, for example. That's still gonna raise the price of housing on that street, the house owners, the homeowners, and your richer. The people who already own things, the asset owners are always gonna get richer, and no matter what you do, the people who are poor, are always gonna get poorer, and the asset owners are...  was near richer. Yeah. And it's running away now to a point where the chance of buying a home on the average salary is near on impossible. I mean, you know some hacks, you know some things about it, et cetera, et cetera. But I don't know how people are surviving on this one. I still very much understood. Any basis I'm going to launch from now on out. I need to find a way to get attention. Not a negative way, not an attention seeking way, but that's what advertising is. Yeah. Do I do myself out there? Yeah. How do I get attention in the world today, which is difficult. And then once I get that attention, how do I monetize it? Yeah. Because that's the one we now live in. Rihanna, when she launches a makeup brand, no one buys it because of the makeup they're buy it because it's Rihanna. She has attention. She can monetize it. Anyway, she chooses. Rihanna can launch a fucking clothing brand, makeup, so fuzz. Who cares? It's Rihanna. Yeah. She's going to sell, right? So that proves that we now live in an economy. We live in a world where the most valuable currency, the most valuable thing that exists is attention. It's extremely difficult to get because people's attention spans are lower than ever. Yep. Bro, they're not exactly...  We ever watched someone on TikTok, watched, next time someone's on TikTok, watch them. Because I don't have a TikTok account myself, but I see people on it. How long do they give a video to interest them? Maybe a third of a second? They're like, not interested enough. Move on. But that quick, if you don't get my attention and not point two, five seconds, I'm not interested, right? That's how hard it is now. So, and it's getting harder and harder because the apps and the algorithms are retraining our brains to do that. So now we live in a world where if you can find a way to hack these algorithms and you can find a way to get attention and there's lots of different ways to do that, then you can find a way to monetize it and off the back of that, you can become a very, very wealthy individual. Just do it all at once. I mean, that's what I do. I've had people come into my office and say, are you on a phone call and playing chess and reading a web page at the same time? I guess. I'll be reading what I need to read and on the phone and at the same time playing chess. Otherwise, my brain's not full on it. You need to be stimulated. Yeah, so yeah, can I focus on one thing, not easily, but am I massively successful doing enormous?  amounts of work, yes, every single day. So it's just staying within the parameters of constructive. If what you're doing with your energy is constructive and you're within those parameters, then you're going to be massively successful anyway. I am scared about the fact that someday someone's going to say, you know what, this guy's causing too much problems, or he has too much influence. Can he just crash his car? Can he just get rid of this guy? Because it fixes a lot of issues. And then you have to sit and say, is my life worth more than the trouble I'm causing to these people? They don't give a shit about me. They don't give a shit about anybody. So you do get to a position where it's scary, and then you have to sit and decide, well, do I want to sell my soul to the devil and cock? Or do I want to just shut up and disappear, which is also cucking? Or do you want to live for something? And do you want to die as a name as opposed to a number? People who are still dependent on the system will fight to defend the system. There are people who I will sit there and say to them, look, your university degree is a scam. They lied to you. I will show you how to make money. And their reply will be, no, I went to a good university.  They are desperate. No, that degree means something. You work in Greg's team. Doesn't mean it's shut up. They won't accept it, right? So certain people are not ready for the truth. People who are ready for the truth seek it and they find it. Well, also there's no light without dark and there's no joy without pain. You can't have a rainbow without a little rain. And no matter how hard you chase pleasure and happiness, there's going to be dips and troughs in between. There's going to be come downs and downtrends. And you're going to have the juxtaposition between that time you were laughing or head off and I can get a shell like a child and the time that you feel depressed as such. And I think it's much better to just adopt a very disciplined, stoic mindset. I'm always the same base level of happy regardless. If I lost all of my money today, I would be the same happy. If my net worth quadrupled, I'd be the same happiness. Yeah. As long as I am alive, which is a struggle, unfortunately in the current climate, but as long as I'm alive and the people I care about love are alive. And as long as I get, as long as God gives me.  the honor of doing my duties and providing for the people I care about, as long as I get to wake up and know that there's a whole bunch of people in the world who need me and I get to work hard to please them and do good for society and good for the world. Then I'm a vessel of God and I'm happy, I'm happy enough to survive. That's all I look at it as I don't ever consider how do I feel. That doesn't cross my mind. I have things to do. A lot of the time women get in the way I've seen at a million times where I've seen women get in the way of partnerships like that so many times. Because women don't like you having a strong masculine network because they don't need them. They want you to need them. I'll help you. I'll be your partner. That's the biggest mistake. Don't forget me. Start it. Biggest mistake you can make as a man is start trying to start business with your wife or some shit. That's ahead of it. Why is that? I don't know who I'm going to fend her upset now but this is how it goes. Because now you got two different battles on the relationship you're trying to be in control of and I deal with the business as well. Now it's different if you run the business and you hire her and she does a little bit admin. Cool. That's fine. But I'm talking about let's say 55  business. Yeah, let's say your chick goes, I want to open a beauty salon and you pay for her to open a beauty salon. And now this beauty salon, you've put a million dollars of your money in it and it's not open on a Thursday. I'm like, why is it open on Thursday? Oh, headache. You mean you had a headache, bro? I just got a million. Yeah, but Claire's sick and I have a headache. And now you got to relationship. It's all messed up. This bitch is lazy. She thought it'd be a section to sit you episode where she just drinks lattes and makes money and she realized she has to actually do shit. You know what I mean? And it's all getting messy there. When you're with your boys and you let's say you invest a million in something is not open on Thursday, you can order to say, what the fuck's wrong with you? Not for you to live your best life. It's designed for you to comply. My point is, if you have no money and you're coming to me saying, I want to make passive income, why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first. If you spend all of your time sitting around people who talk about how to become powerful and influential and rich, just guess what you're going to end up being? Yeah, powerful, influential and rich. I don't give a shit what happens to me in my life. I don't care how bad it is. I don't care the worst, the most famous thing.  like a possibly imagined happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression, will be temporary because I will never stay a loser. It's against my creeds, not my DNA. I hope this pisses you off because I'm telling you to annoy you that you're sitting there struggling to pay your bills. There are people out there making so much money you couldn't possibly father them without anything they want all of the time and you may sit there and go, oh, but they're miserable. A lot of them aren't. Trust me. They're having a great time. So you need to make a bunch more money because there's money everywhere. I look at a beautiful woman and go, I can go on a date with her and she's absolutely gorgeous and perhaps with fallen love and it'll be great. But you know what, I'd rather work. I just want to conquer the earth. I don't care about anything else. So you just start identifying how your money is taken from you because once you identify how your money is taken from you, you can start to actually intelligently think about how you can take money from other people. The only time being a man ever is good is if you become an exceptional man. He understood being near the money. I have no money. Money's over there. Well, let me get closer to it. No boy's staying over here on my fucking own. Let me at least get closer to it. That was 17. The broken days were good days, bro. Man, like I get McDonald's that you're laughing with your boys. The broken days are great.  complaining about being rich. I want to say I worked hard for this and it's a fantastic life I live now. But I think without those broki days, without those original days to compare it to, without that juxtaposition, then I don't think being rich would be fun at all. I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you weren't rich. That's the only thing that makes it fun. The only thing that makes about $10,000 stake fun is that you can laugh, saying how you never had 10 grand in your bank until you were 27 years old. Otherwise, it's boring. Otherwise, you can okay, it's a stake. And I think if you're born with too much money, that you'll never truly be happy. I think you need the broki days and the best days. Most people are so uninteresting and so unremarkable that you could replace them online with a chat GPT ball and you wouldn't really know this. Genuinely, that's how boring most humans are. If you're special and remarkable and unique and you're famous or you do whatever, that's different. But most people, you could replace with chat GPT by text you wouldn't even notice. And that is a free application, which is brand new. Imagine we're going to be in 20 years from now. So we start talking about useless eaters. This has been  by very important, very powerful people at length. The same people who are trying to give you the vaccine or talk about the fact that the population of the earth needs to decline. Why do they, why do we need, they say it, Bill Gates says it. Why do we need to get rid of people? Well, machines will do it. So why do we need people sitting around who have hopes, dreams, aspirations, they want health care, they want safety, security, children, all of this garbage, we just need somebody to do x job and a machine can do x job. So what do we need these people for? So then you start looking, I find it weird that Hollywood was the first one to strike about it, but it was about actors. Well, yeah, because have you ever asked chat GPT to write a movie? Like that? Bro, it's better than anything you've seen in Hollywood in a long time. There's no woke bullshit. There's no trans lesbian, black, double-dicked, fucking hero. So it's great. So, you know, so funny is that like this episode is definitely gonna like fuck my account up, but I'm in for it. And this chasing, this idea of chasing happiness and always being concerned and preoccupied with how happy you are is actually the biggest mistake that a lot of people make.  think in the world today, especially men who wake up and go, I don't really feel happy. So I need to get happier. And that's how they end up down a hedonistic path of drugs or alcohol or gambling, chasing pleasure. I don't care how I feel. I don't care if I feel happier, sad. It doesn't really affect what I do each day. I do the exact same things. I act the exact same way. I don't care. I don't put weight to the significance of the emotion. So I always consider myself a happy person. But if I woke up and I was slightly less happy one day than another, it wouldn't affect anything I do and I wouldn't put any relevance to it. I'm human and that's life. And so yeah, am I any happier now that I am, that I have hundreds of millions of dollars than before I was broke? Yeah. Not really, but I was never unhappy. I'm on the same state that I was then that I am now. I have work to do and I will do it. And life is a value exchange. Every friendship, every relationship, every business relationship, there has to be an exchange.  of value. If you're as you progress through life, if people stay in the same place, you're only giving value and you're not receiving value back. And you have to be ruthless about those things. Like I have a very created circle and everybody in my circle is extremely useful and we're extremely successful. And it's a very motivating thing. If you're in a room full of ice cream experts and all they talk about is ice cream, how to move ice cream, how to sell ice cream, different flavors of ice cream, how you make ice cream, you're going to learn a lot about ice cream. If you're in a room full of people who are billionaires, guess what they're talking about? Money. And guess what you're going to learn about? Money. I don't sit and have pointless conversations with people. I don't even know what people are talking about. If me and my friends meet, we end up talking about the earth and how it can pay us. That's the worst what we talk about. And that's how we manage to make a bunch of money. So you have to be ruthless with your circle. And for people out there who understand this, a lot of people say they understand it, but they genuinely don't. But if you do and you are trying to progress through a circle, you need to find a way to provide value. You need to either join networks like my1 on  or you need to find a way to provide value. I'll give you an example. In Romania, I was driving and I went to a town called Cluj, it's a very small town. I went in a nice car and a kid came up to me and he said, I run the car spotting page and we take pictures of the Ferrari's and I'm getting his kind of picture. So yeah, sure. And anyway, he took a picture of it and then he gave me his business card and he said, I just want you to know, I don't even like cars. I just knew the best way for me to meet rich people is to take photos of nice cars. It's a great story. I was like, you're smart. I hired him. I'm not a pro. He works for me. Yeah, he still works for me for this day. He was smart enough to go, where's the money over there? I don't get close to the money. Oh, they don't want to talk to me. But if I take cool photos of his car, he might want to talk to me. You have to find a way to provide value to people. If you provide value in a value exchange, you'll do good. But yeah, I say this to people and they go, oh, put my friend and you know, we have a good time together. Well, if you're going to prioritize your friends by drinking and having fun, then you're going to have a much fucking loser friends. That's your life and that's your life to live. It's fine. Don't complain when the NHS are on strike and you can...  can't get so in and I'm in a private hospital in fucking Saudi. That's your problem. You have to just make your decisions in life and live and live, live true to them, but creating a circle is ultra important. And it's not just important financially, it's also important for your entire life and your mindset as a whole. Because you don't, it's amazing, especially amongst men, we never want to be the poorest person in the room. We never want to be the weakest person in the room. You never want to be, so if you are, if you're with a group of killers, you have now this massive expectation. It's almost like societal pressure and a positive force. If I go to my friends, I can't be the weakling. If everyone does XMAT pushups, I have to do it. You might get dropped down. Yes, well, you don't want to. That's no happening. You don't want to feel that way. You talked about kickboxing. If I want to go learn kickboxing, I expect my coach to be able to fight. If I want to go learn piano, I want to see my piano teacher play piano. But people will go to university and learn business from a dude who's never had a business, who's broke. It's just like, it's clown world, it's stupid. Like, education is becoming decentralized, which is actually one of my...  products. I'm going to talk about it. But education is becoming decentralized now with the internet. And the smarter thing you can do is look at somebody's life and go, this guy is living or he's doing exactly what I want to do. I'll learn from him. That is the smarter thing you can do as opposed to just going to these traditional educational systems. I think the most dangerous men on earth are the weak men. I think inside of every single man, we're born with a fire inside of us that we do not control, can destroy ourselves and other people. And if you look at men who have no emotional control, is what they're trying to teach us to have? They're saying, listen, you're a man, you're allowed to just cry all the time and have no emotional control and no stoicism, just be, come, react to your emotions. You know what happens when you tell men to just react to their emotions? Anger. You have school shootings, you have rape, you have violence. That's what happens when you tell men to have no emotional control. These school shooters are kids with no emotional control. Rapists are men with no emotional control. Violence in the bullsh** is the industry are men with no emotional control. Telling men to not be stoic is going to create a breed of violent young men who have no emotional control, can't control their emotions.  That is absolutely not more dangerous to society than me coming along saying listen I don't give a fuck how you feel young man. Doesn't matter how you feel You have due ease in your responsibilities as an adult and you must comply and act a certain way regardless of how you feel That is better for society as a whole especially as I'm only teaching the tenants of listen go to the gym anyway Doesn't matter. Don't feel like it. Go anyway Listen your girlfriend left you your heart's broken. You're not out of the soccer. She doesn't want you get the fuck over it What I'm saying is good for the world. They're saying no act out your emotions cool your creative stalkers rapists and school shooters These people are fucking dangerous. I say this all the time. I say the best things ever happens to me are the worst things ever happened All the trauma and bullshit I've been through in my life are the best things ever happens Because as a man if you've not had a difficult life you cannot be good at being a man Being a good man and being good at being a man There are two slight different things but to be good at being a man You need to be have been through so much shit that when the matrix deletes your entire life from the internet and starts lying about you at mass and people start doing protests one  fucking home and they're looking for your family members and reporters start calling every ex-girlfriend you ever had trying to convince them and drive them to lie to come out and say you're something you're not. When they're genuinely out to put you in jail, you can sit there and be focused and stoic enough to go, you know what? Okay, what's the chess board? What's going to happen? Who's trying to shoot me right now? Nobody? Okay, so it's better than it was a couple years ago. Okay, so that's why he said and plan through it, right? You're never going to be capable as a man if you've not had trauma. The best man ever had trauma. If you call a police officer, you need a brave police officer. You ain't going to be brave unless he's been through. She is. He's done. They're doing a bit of a shit. So we also as a society sit and look at men and go, we want well, there's two kinds of society, the major society, the true society, true women with a brain that are a lot of men who are strong, who support it, who's intelligent, who financially provide the center. Then you're going to want a man to some degree who's been through some shit. Yeah. And a man who's internalized it and used it as a weapon. And this is what I say, people, people, email me their long list of all the bad things that happened to them and I reply fantastic. You are  so lucky you have all the building blocks to become the exact kind of man you want to be. If none of this shit happened to you when something else bad happens to you later you wouldn't be able to deal with it. Fantastic. And he goes, no, but you know this, this, he replied again with more excuses. He said, why are you making excuses? I just told you what happened to you was a good thing. You need to reframe your mind. Bad things happen to Batman. They killed his parents. You understand? That's why he's Batman. You've just told me you have the building blocks to become the most you might have become top G with our tire. Fantastic. What are you complaining about? What do I do? I said, you need to work. Take all that trauma. If you're truly heartbroken my friend and we've all been there as men, if you're truly heartbroken you can't sleep. That means you're going to get in. Fantastic shape. You better hit the gym. You have nothing else to do. Stop watching YouTube. Stop ebay with me. I want pictures of you in the gym. Get the fucking work. Heartbreaks a fantastic motorbayer as is depression, as is sadness. Great. Look at what's pissing you off. Make sure it never happens again. If you were jacked and rich as fuck, she probably wouldn't have left your ass. So get your shit together.  There's a version of you that never sleeps in, never skips training, never waste time. There's a version of you who never fails. It is waiting for you. Genuinely ask yourself a question. You at home. If you had done those things for the last two years, you never skipped a training. You never wasted time. You never scored TikTok. You never sat aimlessly on the internet typing and garbage, never played video games. You never wasted time. You never skipped training. You were training every single day. You never slept in. You were never lazy. There's this version of you. Imagine the person you would be. Genuinely imagine what you would look like. Imagine where you would live. Imagine the car you would drive. Imagine how much your woman would respect you. Imagine the love you would see in her eyes when she looks at you with adoration like a king. Imagine your existence. That person is waiting for you. And the only thing that's stopping you from being that person is your monumental laziness. You can have it. The universe is very giving. It will give you anything you work for. I've never seen somebody.  try for something with all of their might and not get it. The only people who do not have the things they want or the people who do not try for them. I've never seen a person wake up and say my only dedication in life is to solve a Rubik's cube and fail. You are not stupid, you are not incompetent, you are lazy and arrogant. It's extremely important you understand that that person is waiting for you and you are declining that version of yourself. In the multiverse and the many different versions of the universe that exist, there is a version of you that does those exact things and he is a greater person than you can even fathom. You can transform yourself into that guy, you can be a top G. That's exactly what I did. I knew who I was going to have to end up being before I became that person. My brother and I are not from rich families, we are not from advantage to beginnings, but I knew I had to be a big strong fighting billionaire. That's what I knew I had to be. Discipline is the key to success. If you cannot force yourself to do something you don't want to do, how are you ever going to put yourself through the suffering required for greatness? If you cannot force yourself to train when you do not want to train, if you cannot...  force yourself to work and you don't want to work. If you can't force yourself to not log into porn hub or force yourself to eat right, how can you possibly ever become a monumentally successful person if you cannot control yourself long enough to do what must be done as opposed to what you feel like doing. The only people who get to live their lives based on how they feel are women and children. Children can cry because they feel like crying as kind of woman. A woman can start an argument because she feels like arguing as kind of child. A man must do what he is supposed to do regardless, irregardless of how he feels. That is the key component to masculinity is discipline. If you do not have the discipline to dedicate yourself to anything, you are going to fail and be crushed by the people who can. If you only go to the gym when you feel like going to the gym, you're going to be as strong as the people who go to the gym when they don't feel like going to the gym. That is a reality of life. So I train every single day. I've actually heard from some people saying, you over tune. And I explain to them, one, I don't believe in rest. I'm not you. I'm not pussy and I'm not broke like you are. Mr Fitness trainer standing around the gym.  teaching people $50 an hour. I don't need to listen to you. Secondly, I don't train because I want to get bigger. I train every day because it is difficult to train every day. It hurts. I don't want to. I wake up and I'm busy. I have other things to do. I don't feel like doing it. So I force myself to do it seven days a week, 365 days a year so that I know I'm the kind of person who can do what he doesn't want to do when it needs to be done. I am that man. And it's more of a mental exercise and a physical exercise at this point. How can you ever out-compete me if I can force myself to do the things I don't want to do and you cannot? Discipline is absolutely essential for success and you need to get very comfortable and very used to the idea of understanding that on your path to greatness there are going to be long periods of time where you hate what you are doing where you are dissatisfied with the actions you must undertake where you are tired where you are stressed that is why it is difficult that is why most people won't make it. If the path was easy everybody would walk it and it would lead nowhere. A hundred people  99 fall off because it is difficult and the one person who makes it to the end gets to gold if all 100 made it to the end and the Gold was divided by 100 it wouldn't even be worth anything the difficulty gives it value the fact that it is difficult to do is to Key component into the fact you want it in the first place if it was a difficult everyone would have it and you wouldn't want it because no one would Respect it it's supposed to be hard life is supposed to be hard you're supposed to think this is terrible You're supposed to suffer and smile through the pain regardless Discipline is the key to success in all realms as a man And if you lack it you stand no chance you can give most people a road map to success You can give them a Ferrari with a full tank of gas and a lot of people still wouldn't make the destination because they would say the drive is too far away Quitters they don't have to discipline you can tell them exactly how to do it You can give them the mechanism to get there But they don't have the discipline to complete the drive and end up at the destination that is the major  of earth. This is your competition. People who even if they are told what to do and people tell them exactly how to do it and help them do it still quit still fail because they lack discipline. Even me with my monumental powers. I can't make a quitter successful. It doesn't matter how good I am. It doesn't matter how easily I make it for them to succeed. It doesn't matter how compenduous and concise and powerful the real world is. It doesn't matter how much I text them and motivate them. How many emergency meetings I do to try and talk to them and hype them up. How much motivation I give them. It doesn't matter what I do. If they are a quitter, guess what they're going to do. They're going to quit. No matter how simple a map is to read, no matter how fast a Ferrari is somewhere along the drive, the sun's going to get in their eyes. And they're going to sit there. But this is I don't like that this is hard and they're going to quit. Quitters are the number one type of people that nobody can help. If you're a quitter, I can't help you.  Life can't help you. God himself cannot help a quitter. So if you lack discipline, you lack the very basic building block to any type of success, which exists on the planet by every single metric which can be measured with science. You are going to stay a loser and a failure. The key is to keep training. If you train hard every single day, you don't have to worry about a little bit of vitamin C, it's true. If you don't train and you don't smoke, you're still going to be a policy. Yes. The answer is always hard work. As soon as you are granted life, you are guaranteed death. What you do in between is up to you. You are all conscious. That could end tomorrow. That could end in a hundred years. But the time between the beginning of your consciousness and the end of it is completely up to you. Training is never the wrong decision. If you're in jail, you should train. If you are free, you should train. If you are rich, you should train. If you are poor, you should train. If you smoke, you should train. If you don't smoke, you should train. If you drink.  You should train. If you don't drink, you should train. You cannot escape that hard work. It's always the correct decision There is no time in any scenario when working hard is going to be the wrong answer You should always try your very best in all things. I will smoke 10 cigars a day and beat the shit at you Because I train harder than you can possibly fathom Pain is an extremely important part of the equation. Pain is the elixir of success when people say this bad thing happened to me and I'm suffering I say good. It is pain which is required. It's one of the elements in the chemical reaction the chemical reaction requires five particular in distinct compounds and you have four and you're missing one. It simply doesn't work Pain for a man is one of the most important elements in becoming successful Batman is Batman because they killed his parents if they did not kill his parents he would not be Batman You're supposed to see  suffer. You're supposed to take that pain. The worst thing that could happen to you as a man is you live a life with no pain in it To be born into a rich family and have a nice easy life and be given money And you don't have to go to the gym and not to train because you have bodyguards and sit around like a fuckup They're gonna be miserable and unhappy and a drug addict buying prostitutes You're only gonna have women who adore you You're only gonna feel confident in yourself and feel happy when you've been through hell and come out the other side I don't want shit That's the first thing the second thing you have all these different jurisdictions around the world extremely complicated How you gonna tax a rich guy? Yes houses here houses there company here company there all the companies making a loss to Starbucks pay tax No, that Starbucks supposedly doesn't make money Supposedly ubers never made profit an app on the phone with millions of cars around the world and people working endless hours for them And then getting a cut of it to run out now Supposedly they never made profit never paid a penny tax funny how that works You can't tax the rich it's too complicated you can't tax the rich it doesn't work All you're gonna do is just drive them into other countries  The big one right now today, we're to announce a huge tax on the rich. Rich people just go, oh cool, I'll base my company out of Belize. E, two pieces of paper. Fuck you. We don't really learn lessons unless they're learning a hard way. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not going to learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, doesn't slow his ass down to rex it. Yeah. How people are, right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything. It's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ, blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just act an idiot and all blows up in their face. And that's all, and that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know?  And don't be dumb with it. So you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things, you need to have to a degree some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right, the book, that's not gonna teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets, you need to make mistakes, you need to suffer, you need to have the tax man knocking at your door, you gotta deal with all that stuff so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kinda how it works. The problem with owning something is I can be taken. So let's look at it the American way. In America, litigation's a big problem. Everyone gets sued all the time. So you don't want to own anything, because if you get sued, then you're gonna have to pay that debt and you might have to sell your assets to pay that debt. Not actually just a company that I've ever seen as an image company. Correct. This is the point. But I'll only think themselves. Okay, so then if you're like, it's an eliminate company owns it. Yeah, it's the same thing. Yeah, exactly. So you understand what I'm saying? Look at the pan of my papers. Yeah. Look at it. And then it gets really complicated. The average Joe Smeller.  No, I'm not. Exactly. Yeah, yeah. Because let's look at Nike, for example. Nike doesn't pay now. But Nike doesn't pay any tax. Why does Nike not pay tax? Well, I'll give you a very simple version. They have two companies. One set up in Belize, the 1% tax rate. One set up in Europe. The one set up in Europe sells Nike trainers, pays all the staff, pays to stores, sells all the shoes, makes all the money, makes millions and millions and millions and profit. The one in Belize owns the trademark. So after 100 million, 200 million, whatever it is comes into the European company. The European company has a debt to Belize to use the trademark. A mall, the profit. It's an echo incident. Yeah, right. That goes to Belize. Then Belize government comes along, goes give us 1%. Nothing. Boom, boom, the tax pay. Full scam. It's all they like. It's all a scam. The person who get fucked, it's always the same. It's the guy in the middle. Yeah. The guy in the middle is going to get wrecked. It makes me laugh when they talk about, we're an increased taxist, did it? When they talk about increased taxists, they're not trying to chase down the billionaire on his yacht because they can't.  They're trying to chase down the guy with an address. You can't move, can't leave. He has a mortgage debt. Two kids and a dog living somewhere in Sunderland. And he's stuck there. I walk into gas station, put a mask on. No, I won't serve you. Okay, it's the gas free. Because I've filled up. So you're gonna take my money or I'm gonna have free gas. No, you have to pay. Well, the fucking served me, dummy, put a mask on. No, it's some scooping, say, in the end they take my money. It was a big waste of everybody's time. And I say to them, bro, you're earning 700 pounds a month working for a corporation that wouldn't give a fuck about you. You've got stage five cancer. Why do you care? If I lived in BP and someone walked into my gas station and decided to start a fire in the corner and barbecue some sausages, I wouldn't give them. Some, I'm like, please stop, bro, whatever. Why do these people, they're so fervently passionate about the rules of the BP station? But do we need people? Are you fucking slave in your mind? Do we need slaves, though? Because obviously we need people to work and do those jobs that obviously the free people.  people can't do. And this is the full circle realization you get to the point whereas for straighting as it was, you need this slave class of people who buy bullshit so that I don't have to do bullshit stuff, which is great. But usually the bullshit people can't tell me what to do. It's only during COVID, they were allowed. And now that's all over, they can't tell what to do anymore. So it's fine. But if you're, and not everybody's mind can be free because in society would break down. But of course, some people's minds are designed for freedom and some people's aren't. But it's amazing when you're talking to the slave mind trying to get through to them. You have two choices. Either you understand what's happening in the world today and you're on the side of good and you're fighting against the matrix. Or you've accepted all the matrix programming to pretend that there is no battle. And then by extension, you're going to end up fighting against your own mind. And you're going to be in a fight either way. Your mind's either right and you're fighting externally against the enemy. Or you've accepted the matrix programming and you're sitting there fighting against your own depression, your own anxiety, fighting against your own struggles inside of yourself. You're going to fight anyway. There is no way to avoid this. So you have to make a decision. You want to have control of your own mind and control of yourself and fight for God.  and fight on the side of good against evil, or do you wanna accept the evil programming, fall down a hole of degeneracy and fight against yourself and self-destruct and implode. That's your choice to make, but I think the intelligent choice is to fight against evil. But also, you know, life teaches you a lot, and I think a lot of people are not very self-reflective of their own lives. I don't think you can read a book and that's great, but I think if you're living an interesting life, if you were to take half an hour a day to actually sit and go, okay, what good has happened to me today, and what bad has happened to me today? Why have those things happened, and how can I prevent them from happening again? Most people, that kind of crap doesn't even cross their minds. Every day, I will sit at the end of the day and go, what bad has happened to me today? How did that happen? Did I get caught slipping on the street? Is some guys come up to me and I could have been in a dangerous situation? Like, how could I genuinely have improved my reality? And you can self-reflect and teach yourself and everything. But that's a total ownership of your life, isn't it? But you have to have a lot of people don't. You have to have ownership of everything good that's ever happened to you and everything bad that's ever happened to you. Well, I've complete ownership for the fact that I was canceled. I don't sit there and go, all-  They're lying about me. Yes, they're lying, but I still own it completely. They're lying about me and they're talking shit But I own it and I took responsibility for it and I sat there and I took absolute accountability and I thought okay How can I turn this in my favor and I beat them if I'm walking on the street and it starts to rain? I take responsibility for that. I didn't have to be in rainy London I could have been somewhere else. I could have brought an umbrella could have took a car I am responsible for getting wet in the rain and there's people out here who just don't take any responsibility for their own actions Let alone the weather you if you take complete self-accountability and you self-reflect You can learn a whole much about life. Could you not just say that it's raining. This is unfortunate No, but that's that's what losers do. It's raining. I'm unlucky. I'm not No, but they'll say I got wet because it rained not my fault Whereas I'll say I got wet because I did not prepare for the rain as the world gets more messed up Which it is people are gonna learn some very abrasive harsh lessons and sometimes when you've gone through a very harsh lesson To be given a solution which isn't harsh you're not gonna believe it To be given a harsh solution makes you feel like okay this guy knows exactly  what he's talking about. As a man, your life is supposed to be shit. My argument to this, people go, oh, I don't feel good. I said, good, your life as a man is going to be terrible the entire time. Who told you at any point? I don't know what the Bible says. I haven't read it covered to cover like I've read the Quran. But I don't think the Bible says you're supposed to be happy all of the time. I think follow your passions also a terrible piece of advice. Yeah. Yeah, people say, hey man, you need to find you're what you're passionate about and do that. And what they're trying to say is only do what you like because you have no motivation to do anything else. And motivation in and of itself is a scam. I don't believe in motivation. I believe in discipline. I am not motivated to do the things I'm supposed to do every day. I don't wake up full of joy. I have to go to the gym or that I have to work or I got a deal with crap. I don't feel motivated to do them. I'm disciplined. I do them regardless of how I feel, whether I'm in the mood to do it or I'm not in the mood to do it, it gets done. That's discipline. Discipline's a real thing. Motivation is fleeting. You're never going to be permanently motivated. So when someone comes along and says, oh, do what you're passionate about. What they're saying is you'll have endless...  motivation and then you'll be able to try hard. You're the kind of person who can only try hard at something he enjoys Then you're gonna fail because most things you enjoy don't pay any money if they paid money You wouldn't enjoy them. It's called a job, right? Nobody likes their job. You like your hobby I'm sure you like playing video games maybe 1% not point 1% you make money from video games, right? Most people you're never gonna make it. Yeah, do you think the guy in China who owns a concrete plant is passionate about concrete? You're sitting there stroking it at night naked and bed. Fuck no, it's money Be passionate about success if you're passionate about money then you can be passionate about anything I'll be passionate about any business on earth that pays me if you pay me a billion dollars to dig that whole I'll be very passionate about that whole. I will dig that whole with passion for the cash Because you know the cash is a thing. Yeah, it's right So when people come along and say oh you need to find something you're passionate about follow your passion Bro, you're gonna follow your passion to the fucking food bank You're never gonna make any money that way you have to sit there and go what is gonna pay me? It's not about detaching yourself in your emotions. I feel every single emotion. It's just like you're using them all in a  positive direction. If I feel extremely happy and excited, I'm going to use that as motivation or energy to do amazing things and do good and work hard. If I feel absolutely depressed and distraught, I'm going to use that as endless energy and motivation to do amazing things and work hard. It doesn't matter what you give me. Energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted and transferred. It doesn't matter what fuel you give me. If you give me diesel, petrol, caracene, vodka, it doesn't matter what you put inside of my engine. That's all I know how to do. That's all I know how to do. It doesn't matter what fuel you put in my engine. My engine only knows how to do one thing and that is succeed. That's all I know how to do. It doesn't matter what you feed me with. I'm going to be massively successful regardless. When I was broke, when I was on a council estate in Luton, I thought everyone was poor. Now that I have money, it kind of feels like everyone's rich. I go to buy a plane and they're like, no, I'm sold out. I thought you're fucking sold out a plane. I go to buy Bugatti and I like sold out. I'm like, do all the shit. Do all these people. Yeah, everyone's bought everything. Yeah. It's crazy. How many people out there have such ridiculous...  sum of money, truly ridiculous sums of money. There are so many rich people in the world and it's kind of like your reality is based up. It's the matrix, right? If you're broke, everyone's broke, if you're rich, everyone's rich, and a lot of people have this separation. I was lucky to live in both worlds, but a lot of people have this separation. I've had this conversation with a bunch of people and my basic premise is that I refuse to believe in things that take power away from me. If you are in a haunted house and you believe in ghosts, you're scared of the haunted house. If you're in a haunted house and you don't believe in ghosts, you're just in a house and you don't care. So I don't like the idea. When someone explains to me the idea of one day waking up and being miserable and not wanting to live anymore, and it's nothing to do with my circumstances and I have no power over it and no matter how good my life is, I'm still going to feel terrible and I'm going to want to die. That's not an idea I subscribe to. That's not a reality I'm ever going to be. But that's a reactive depression, isn't it? You can be reactive depressed for the diet, for example, feeling to feel even chronically, feeling depressed.  Yeah, depression as a disease I do not subscribe to the idea I believe that if you feel depressed something is depressing you and you should try your best to fix it You should take control of your life and do your best to fix it the idea But they don't say that they don't talk that they say depression like it's just magic thing that comes out The sky to get some your brain your sad no matter what and there's nothing you can do about it You need to only take pills and I think that's a very bad way to look at the world And that's a bad idea to subscribe to and if you start to feel depressed Let's say your girl leads you you start to feel depressed But you believe in the idea of depression you're now going to start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed self hypnosis yourself and hypnotizing yourself And being clinically depressed and it's amazing how you can speak things into existence I cannot become depressed because I don't believe in it I think we're here to struggle and to learn I don't think we're here to be happy That's why when we keep going back to the happy argument I've always found that kind of frustrating in a normal way and someone goes, oh, but I want to be happy. Why? Why? Why do you want to sit there and laugh? Like you were happy your entire childhood. That's your happy days  You're allowed to be happy with kids. It's all over now, right? You're a man. You're responsibilities. I think we're here to do a part of it. Yeah, a part of it. We're all here to do important things. And important things are going to be difficult. And they're going to be hard. And you're going to get frustrated. But that's what gives you purpose. I don't see anyone who's chasing happiness. I think that's a very feminine frame. I understand why some women just want to be happy. I don't know how it feels to be a girl, because I'm not one. But in my experience, I know women who just want to be happy. Girls just want to have fun. They're fine. But you're a man, right? And if you're a man, then it's absolutely not a different experience of life. I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to endure pain. I think we're here to just see how hard we are to kill. I think that going through terrible things and living through them and coming out the other side is one of the most fantastic things about being human. I think that it's almost like once you understand what life is really about, there's no emotion, which isn't enjoyable. The only emotion that the only emotional state which can be seen as detrimental is feeling nothing at all. But if you're sitting at home.  you're feeling truly heartbroken, at least you're feeling something, right? And I think that's the whole part of being human. I don't, I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to go through pain. That's so I wake up each day and go, what can I, what can I attack? What problem can I solve? And look at history. Why did Ganga Skahn wake up and want to conquer the whole world? Why did Napoleon conquer the world? Why did Alexander the Great conquer the world? Just use wake up and just say, give me this. Give me, I want all of it. I need to, there's an army there. They're really big. And we're better. It's intrinsic. You need to go and conquer. That's, that's the purpose of life. I think the world is a violent place. I think there's violence all around us. I think that I view the world in a violent way. And I, I don't mean that in a negative context. I say a lot of things that people take them as negative, but I see them as positive, right? Like I say, I'm an angry person and people imagine me to be like, unhappy. I'm super happy, but I'm angry. Angri is motivating to me. You can't sleep if you're angry. So you better work, right? So I'm an angry guy, but I'm a happy guy. And I see the world is a violent place. I've always seen it as a violent place. If you, if most people look at tree.  They see a beautiful tree, right? If I look at a big strong beautiful tree, I think he must have fucked up every other little sapling around him. He took all the water, took all the nutrients, he destroyed them all. There was once 20 trees and all 19 are dead and I got one tree left. The big G, top G tree. Oh, the one top tree. Take, that's it. That's violence. Violence got him there, right? He destroyed his enemy. That's how we go up to the top. You see a beautiful tree. I see violence. You understand? And that's the true nature of the universe. You have to learn that you have to take things from other people. And by taking it, I'm not saying go rob a bank. I'm not saying that. I'm saying completely the opposite. You can be a philanthropist. I'm taking money from everyone to start to hate you, but I'm changing their lives. It's a good thing. You can take money in a positive way. Most people don't look at the life that way. And when you look at life that way, you need to start identifying. One of the things we teach us out of hate you is to identify every single time your money is taken from you. The only thing I will say I don't like about being banned.  And is that you get three lives when you attack powerful people. They first ban you and try and shut you up. Secondly, they'll put you in jail for something you didn't do, and thirdly, they'll kill you. So I've used my first life, which is kind of upsetting. When you know that next is gonna be some false charges. The two worst ones. Yeah, and if you survive the false charges, you just die. She's so, that's kind of upsetting. I like to think the people at home know why I ended up in jail cell and the media started printing why that they know it's a pure lie and they made it up. Yeah. But that's kind of scary. Outside of that, the ban in and of itself has not, I don't care. It's made no difference to my life. You need to get a piece of paper or understand on a scale of one to 10 and say, how stressed do I wanna be? How much pressure do I wanna feel like I'm under? How much can I take and be honest with yourself? I wanted this life. This is exactly what I want. It makes me happy, but there's a whole bunch of people who would not be happy in my position just because the amount of pressure they're on. In my last cancellation, we had...  I press trying to find my mother, family members doxed. My last 20 ex-girlfriends called and offered a bribe, effectively a hundred thousand pounds to a negative story on me, none of them turned. Bank accounts frozen, travel bands, all my social media has deleted. All over the news, national news, I'm evil. Press releases in the schools saying that I'm bad for young men and I'm misogynistic. Like most people are not prepared for that level of pressure. I slend fine. Most people will be like, whoa, they're death threats. Like most people can't handle that. I can handle it fine. Most can. You have to decide what you want to deal with. So when you're setting your expectations, it shouldn't just be about how much money you want to make. It's truly about how stressed and how much pressure do I want to be under. I actually enjoy it. I'm a warrior. I'd be bored in the other way. I want people coming for me. That's what I want. But if you don't want that, then don't build a life that does that. I think if I were to talk to Tyson or Tyson, or Tyson were to talk to anybody, he'd say the same thing. He'd say, look, end of the day, even if you're struggling, it's you that's going to have to get up and get the work done and change your life. I think that a lot of the...  help which is being reported now by the system, by the matrix, isn't designed to help. I think it's designed to keep people in this state of depression because when you're depressed, you're submissive. You don't care about what happens to you if you're depressed. Depressed people aren't going to riot against a new law or against COVID tyranny because they're depressed. They're too busy. They're at home when they're sad. I think that keeping everybody in a degree of semi-neutral depression, semi-sad is good for their ability to control all of us. So when they go on the TV and say, you're depressed, it's a disease, you can't fix it. There's nothing you can do about it. It's not your fault. I think they're just trying to reinforce in your mind that you're never going to get better. I think if they really cared, they'd say, like Tyson Fury says, you're depressed, but you can beat this. You can do this. I don't hear them saying that very often. They just sit there and say, everyone's depressed and it's normal, except it. I don't accept that. I don't accept that. I don't think people should sit there and accept that they're sad. Change it. I think only you can change it. That's what I believe. God created us to learn and understand ourselves and understand other people and understand the world. And what did I say earlier? I said that you don't learn a lesson.  where you don't appreciate. So that's what I was up in without paying. So you have to struggle to learn anything. There's only two ways to learn things, the hard way or the harder way. If you're smart, you can learn the hard way. But in my experience, 99% of the planet only learn the hardest possible way. If it's, if the lessons even 85% effective, they'll make the same mistake. It's only when they completely decimate and destroy an element of their life to they sit there and go, oh, oops, now I get it. No. That's how it goes. If you start with a good team, you're gonna make it. You're, this really true. Brotherhood in and of itself is so valuable. If you sit around with 20 people and none of them are lazy and none of them are snakes, you're gonna be fine. So you need to have people, you can, you know, give this guy's in charge of this thing. That guy's in charge of this thing. They get people with different roles, different roles. Absolutely. Absolutely. You gotta have a team, you gotta have a network. And my network is so strong, that's one of the big advantages I have. I have people around me who I can genuinely seriously trust. Hey, man. Thank you very much for watching this video until it's very end. I highly appreciate it. I don't regret absolutely anything.  I don't operate in that frame. Uh, I think that it's still people, a lot of people think that this is the end of me and they don't understand this is absolutely not just beginning. My only concern now is becoming too big. That's my concern. I'm worried about becoming too influential to be. There's nothing that God hates more than sloth and laziness. If God were to create a man and that man were to sit around and do fuck all, God will frown upon you. It's why you're never lucky. If you're listening to this and you think I'm never lucky, I'll tell you why, because God dislikes you because you're fucking lazy. Start the work. Start to show God the beauty of his own creations. You'll be amazed how lucky you'll become. God is unhappy with these people. And inside their hearts, they're unhappy. We talk about depression, anxiety, all those things you mentioned earlier on this podcast. You're low, their own weakness. You're low, their own laziness. This is what all of these things are. I don't feel depression. How can I feel depression? When I'm the most powerful version of me that I could ever fucking be. Most men are walking through life and they don't realize that it's constant competition. Every single pound they want, someone else wants. Every single girl they want, someone else wants. And they're just sitting or just fucking flounder.  and wandering through life unaware of how competitive the world is. And this is my point. If the world is truly that competitive, you do not have time to be depressed because it's a non-competitive mind state. You could be depressed for X, Y, Z, whatever. I'm not depressed. And I want the money you want, and I want the girl you want, and I want the status you want, and the car you want, and the house you want. I'm gonna get it, and you're fucking not. I don't give a shit what happens to me in my life. I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, the most famous things I can possibly imagine happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression, will be temporary, because I will never stay loose. It is against my creeds, not my dead. All of your minds are broken. You can't even focus on anything anymore. You are caught. You're distracted to the point where you can't even appreciate the good things in your life. You're distracted. Your minds are broken. You need to rewire your mind and resist the slave programming. If you cannot control your own mind, then you are just a feather in the wind of life. Because your own mind is the only thing you can control. You can't control the weather. You can't control the people. You can't even control the people.  you can't control your own mind then you go through life with zero control. Zero influence. You can't control anything. You're just a feather in the wind. Winging for life to blow you from happy place to sad place to happy place to sad place. Completely hoping on the gods to be fortunate to you because of any genuine discomfort comes your way you're fucked. It's so easy to win. You can control your own life. You can control your own mind. You can control your own life. You can control your own life. You can control your own mind. You can control your own mind. The seams and nobody fucking can. Your own father's a shameding. And you don't even feel fucking motivated to do shit. That's a fucking shamed. You're to go and look your father in the eye and say, you know what? I could have been a fucking... I could have been a UFC champion. I could have been a multi-millionaire. I could have been a race car driver. I could have been a fucking New Yorker physicist. I could have been a physics physicist. I could have been a physics physicist. I could have been a physics physicist. I could have been all these things. But I was busy on for no. Wasting my potential, I could be anything and I am not.  that. Yes, they have a chance. This is your prerogative as a man. You need to be instilled with a sense of duty. Due to your bloodline, you must want it. You need to want to deep inside your soul. I can't die as anything less than emperor. As a man, if you don't make yourself valuable, you have no value. You have to get up and do it. Just like a video game, you start with fucking zero. You have to decide if you want to complete it. It's up for your character. So I find it amazing that men are going to play video games and fuck about and waste some time instead of operating their character. If you know what to do, you know what you have to do. If you had the most dangerous, intelligent, respectable man on the planet, you know you're supposed to live with a gym. You know you're supposed to train, learn how to fight. You know, you know all these things. You don't do them. That's your decision. It's your prerogative. I didn't, I didn't make that choice. I made the choice to do it all. I decided on every single man watching this to do the exact same thing, which is why I have very little pain when I want, when I do these streams, people think I'm arrogant or I'm rude to people. But if you know, if you've made a fucking decision to be less than you should be,  that I believe you should be mocked for that. And me as a man, when I put my fell through hell, when I have had such exacting, such stringent standards for myself, why would I then have less exacting stringent standards on the people I meet? Why would I put my fell through hell? To be me and then meet someone who didn't put themselves through hell and then treat them like my equal? No, fuck you. And I suffered when you didn't. So you're not my equal, because you decided not to suffer. You've enjoyed comfort when I haven't, and that's fine, but it looks like that me to look at you as my equal, because you're not, because I put myself through hell, I put myself through hell, because I decided to throw comfort away. For 10 years of my life, I was never comfortable. My basic premise is that I refuse to believe in things that take power away from. The idea that I believe that if you feel depressed, something is depressing you, and you should try your best to fix it, you should take control of your life and do your best to fix it. Let's say your girl leaves you, and you start to feel depressed, but you believe in the idea of depression. You're now going to start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed. Self-pid-nosing yourself, and it hypnotizing yourself and being clinically depressed. And it's amazing.  how you can speak things into existence. I cannot become depressed, because I don't believe in it. Let's pretend I'm completely wrong, right? The best option, the best thing to do, is still to get up. Be an adult, control your emotions, be stoic, and do the things you're supposed to do day after day. Laying in bed and doing nothing is never going to be the best option. Best option is still to go to the gym, to work hard, to run your business, to be successful. So it doesn't matter, we're talking about the different positions on the chest board. But if the rules of the game remain the same, regardless of the position you're still trying to win, you still have to do the same things. So does it even matter? At this point, if you come along and say he's depressed because of X, and he's depressed because of Y, and he's depressed because of Z. And the answer to all of them is still the same thing, that I don't give a fuck, wire to press. Yeah, well, what I'm saying is you're playing a game, and it's a competitive game, and you need to build a mindset that allows you to be ultra competitive. And if you want to sit there and say no, I want a non-competitive mindset, then fine. You know what you call people who do not win competitions. It loses. Correct. It's just a bottom line of life. And it's kind of interesting, because everyone pretends they give a fuck, but nobody does.  Women truly don't get fun. You ask a woman the kind of man she wants. She will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent. They want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and successful. They don't have time for sad doom. They don't care. So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're going to sit there and self-diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're going to have a shit life and nobody's ever going to give a fuck and you're going to potentially use forever. Nice. I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even want to accept that as a reality that can possibly exist. I don't give a shit. What happens to me in my life? I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, most heinous things I can possibly imagine happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression, will be temporary because I will never fail lose. It is against my creed. It's not my idea. Say try and convince you. Don't worry if you're being a loser because people feel sorry if you and you'll get attention for it and you'll be okay in the end. And it's all this temporary fixes of dopamine by saying, I'm sad. Don't worry bro, you'll be okay. But it's bullshit.  They don't care long term, the world doesn't care, nobody really cares, chicks don't care, business doesn't care, you are going too fake. You're gonna have anything you want on the planet. There's not a girl I look at that I want that I can't have. Oh, one, but Slavrieli, there's not a car I can't have, there's a house I can't buy. I want to go to a yacht, I want to go to Antarctica. No, I want, there's nothing I can't have. Ben, I've decided to become this man. It's the same for absolutely and every single one of you at home. If you actually try and you actually want it and you're actually not making excuses, lying, talking shit, you're gonna get what you want. So when I see people who don't have what they want, I consider them losers. And this may be a leechist, I understand that. But if I put myself through endless pain to end up where I am, it's very hard for me to have sympathy on the man who's afraid of pain. You're avoiding pain. I've been through endless. I now have everything I've ever desired. You have none of the things you've done. Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Because you do a busy way out. Am I supposed to look at you and go all?  for dude no you were a fucking coward you didn't go through the shit I went you didn't put it on the line so you deserve your substandard reality that's what you deserve you're a fucking loser because if you actually wanted it and you actually tried you'd have it you could have anything you want universe is supergiving if you want it you could have it if you if you're sitting there saying oh but I tried my best then I still didn't get it you're lying you didn't try your best that is a fucking lie the universe gives it to everybody who genuinely tries and I know that to be a fact because this world's competitive we're all competing against each other and then majority of people don't try but I've achieved this amazing life and I've tried very very hard but it could have been harder you get to a point where you're like I'm tired of hearing your fucking excuses that's bullshit and you've become to a degree yeah cold and psychopathic it's true that's what happens and I get it all the time I get thousands of emails a day everyone I grew up with people I know I get it all the time message me  Hey man, you know, just unlucky. You are not unlucky. You are a lazy fucking loser. That's, that's, you are not unlucky. You're breathing. You're lucky. The unlucky ones are gone. You're alive and you are a lazy loser. So a loser is anybody who does not have everything they want at the drop of the hat. That's why I call loser. When I was broke, I couldn't sleep. I don't know how there's broke people out here sleeping just fine at night. Going home, you know, inflation is 20%, gas prices are six times. Everything on the news is a lie. I never stand a chance of ever getting rich. Worth my pillow. Like, what the fuck can we roll with your people? But I'd go to bed at night. At the teenage and think I looked it up on the internet. It was a Honda Civic Type R. I wanted one. I was at 38,000 pounds. I had no money. Less than 50 pounds on bank account. Couldn't afford it. That looked up on what your Ferrari cost. 210,000 pounds. And I said, I'm just a little bit sad. My cup brother, I was like, there are people with 210,000 pounds. For a car. Now, if I worked my jaw.  for six years and saved every penny. If I walked to work and didn't eat, I couldn't buy this car. As a man, all of your value is gonna be built. You're not gonna be born with a value. You have to build it one way or another. You have to choose your path and build a value. So you're not gonna build a value. You're gonna stay low value and you're gonna cry your whole life. That's how it's gonna go. Yeah, well, I think with anything, if you're gonna learn anything, right? If I want to learn how to play piano, I'd like to see my teacher play piano. I think that's a very intelligent way to approach the life. Like, I'm gonna play piano. I've seen my teacher play piano. I want to learn to play piano at least to the standard of which my teacher can play piano. If you're gonna take blind piano lessons from someone who's never showed you they can play piano, you might not be learning piano correctly, right? I can teach anyone piano. I don't play piano. If you're not gonna ask me to prove it, I can sit my ass down and go, A, B, G, play jingle bells, what the fuck are you doing? Like, I'm sure I could.  And I could talk tough about piano, like a lot of guys do about girls. No, when you play piano, no, you need to focus in all this crap. But if you've never seen me play the piano, then who are you learning from? So I think a lot of guys need to qualify their coaches and that's not just to pick up. That's with anything in the world, right? Wanna be a professional fighter, a piano player, you wanna be a scuba diver, you need to qualify your coaches. And if you don't qualify your coach, then I'm not even mad at the coach so much as I am the student. You have a low IQ if you don't qualify for your learning from it. Right? So, and I'm gonna be fair, I'm gonna be objective. I do also think there's levels, right? So, there's a lot of scammers who shouldn't be teaching anything. But I also think there's some guys who aren't on your level, but if he's teaching someone way down here, maybe he can teach him a little bit. But personally, if I was at the very, very bottom, I'd still be looking for the best coach I could find. I wouldn't find someone marginally above me. I'd find the best.  That's my mentality because I want to become the best of the best. So, yeah, there's a whole bunch of guys out there who are learning from, like you said, people who will tell them, never buy a girl a drink. You're not going to survive out here with beautiful women in a world walking around, refusing to buy girls drinks. You're not going to find beautiful, good women who expect a masculine man if you're not going to pay a dollar for a lemonade. It's just not realistic. Your value as an individual is directly linked to your ability to garner attention. You need to be able to garner and hold attention. So, if you can talk to a girl and be funny, it's not the jokes that will get you laid. It's the fact that you can retain her attention, right? I say this all the time, people say to me, oh, take, of course you bang girls, you have a lamb, but when I say, listen, you know what, a lamb will get you. It's all that money, but you know what it gets you? It gets you a minute of her attention because you have a lamb, right? But if she talks to you and you're a boring fuck, she's not going to, you're boring. She's not going to sit there and listen to you be boring for hours.  just because you have a lamb. Like she might be interested a little bit at the beginning who's this guy. But if you ain't got game to follow it up, you're just you're just a boring door with money, right? She doesn't care. Girls want you have to find a way to keep and hold their attention. And what's funny is that's not just about pickup. That's about relationships. I have a lot of guys who come to me and they're like in marriages and stuff and I'm like bro you've lost her interest. She doesn't she don't you don't have her attention anymore and that's your fault. If I had a girl working for me for five years making me millions of dollars. I had to every single day garner her attention. She has to want to interact with me every single day. That's a skill, right? That has to be learned. Push pull care at stick. You know this. You know what I'm saying. But a lot of guys just like oh I just want girls to just come to me and be a good girl. None of that's real. That's not realistic in the world we live in today. You need to be able to hold her attention and if your attention is valuable enough she'll be a good girl. And if you're not  and it's not she won't. And that's real. No single female I will ever sleep with is talking to other men or sleeping with them. The idea that because their cam girls, their hooves, and they get the fuck of the guys, absolutely no. They are my women as well. They are completely loyal to me. No, it's not fair because paternity isn't a shirt. From an evolutionary and biological standpoint, it's not fair. Men have always had multiple women and women have been loyal to one man. You can't sit and say that's fair for a woman to be fucking about your guys. That's not fair and that's not more. No woman who works for me or a woman of mine is talking to or interacting with other men besides outside of that website for a month. That's it. They don't have male friends. They don't go to the club without me. They are dedicated to me and their job. That is it. And that's what I try and teach you guys how to do. I'm like, look, if a woman shows you, loves you, she doesn't want to be in the club with a bunch of dudes. Like why is she even want to be there? My women don't even want to do that. They want me to take them or they don't want to go. So yeah, yeah. And if they do want to talk to a guy.  I would ever, then it's like, okay, goodbye. You cheat, you don't need good wine. You know, like I did, like, of course, across one at one time when I had 75 girls, of course I'd catch a girl every once in a while, and mess you're in the due to it. I'd be like, you're gone by. She'd be like, you cheat, you don't me, why are you so around? Let's just end and I make it clear. Me having sex with other women is not cheating. It's not cheating because as a man, my love for you is not dictated by the fact that I've had sex with somebody else. You cannot have sex with somebody else without feeling emotion for that person. It's cheating if you do it. It's not cheating if I do it. If you will not be loyal to me, regardless of the fact that I have unlimited females, I don't want to be with you, goodbye. Yeah, that's the, I run at the same way. I don't even, I don't even give them a warning. It's how you go big. So I just got to be loyal. Oh, I just want to make that clear. All my women are completely loyal to me. And I think it was Krauser who said something like, oh, he has these pose on cam and they don't loyal to him. I've had girls worked for me for nine years who are genuine tens who have been loyal to me the entire time. I know they have them. I have their Instagram on my phone. I see them getting.  by movie stars and NFL stars all day. And they ignore every message. Like, they live in my house. You can't tell me I don't understand what's happening in my house, right? All these women are with. Yeah, I like to try and be very honest and transparent with it. Like, when you are with any female, you need to establish, you need to establish a mentality in a worldview, right? I see this a lot when they say, oh, I'm voting for Trump. My girl is voting for Biden. Then she doesn't love you. Because if a woman loves you, she adopts your worldview. This is a key element of love, right? So the female loves me. She adopts my worldview. And if she adopts my worldview, her worldview is that top-level men have always had multiple females since the dawn of human time. And that a man being completely loyal to one of the gine-up, if he is a man of quality, is unnatural, and it's just gonna make the man miserable, and it's gonna make everything terrible, it's not the way it's supposed to be. So she has two choices. I like to her and do it behind her back. Or I can be honest.  Do you want me to lie to you? Do you want this to be a big secret? Do you want girls to be laughing at you feeling like you don't know what's happening? Or do you want me to say you and I are king and queen we're a team and we're gonna work together and we're gonna fuck these bitches? And most of the time if the girl's smart she'll say okay if you're completely honest with me and I know what's happening and I know you love me and they're just a sex or whatever then boom it's really not complicated it's from an honest perspective but first you have to instill that worldview you mean to make them understand I am in the top 1.1% of men on the planet why would I be loyal to one person for my life that does not make sense by a logical that's not not caring completely you just you just have to change their worldview and I think it's you know it's an acceptance and and when when my girls are like the ones I've been with for a long time if they're a bit drunk or they're being completely honest they all sit and say to me and say I love you so much and of course sometimes when you're with other women it upsets me but I just can't imagine you being loyal even to me like it just  That's just not who you are. Like they don't, they don't view me as an animal they could tame. It doesn't cross their mind. They understand it's impossible. No matter what they try, all they're gonna do is lose me. There's no way to stop me because it goes against my entire worldview as an individual. I believe as a man, I should be able to put my dick wherever I fucking want. And if you don't adhere to that and you disagree with that, then you are welcome to find somebody else. But it's very just simple frame. And if you're providing enough value in a woman's life, I think they'll sit there and they'll accept the trade off. Okay, he sleeps with other women, but I have this guy. It's kind of like a Ferrari, right? A Ferrari is not as reliable as a Toyota, but it's a Ferrari. So what one do you want, right? More the Toyota. More in there. Or do you want the Ferrari that works five days a week? Oh, completely. And also I think another element to it. And this is really, really key. Because I get a lot of guys saying to me, how do I live with my girls? I say, listen, the woman also has to have...  faith in your constitution as a man to not be the kind of bitch who's gonna fall in love with some chick just because she has a nice pair of tits right I can say to my main girl I've been with you for eight years I fucked 150 girls since we've been together do you think I'm gonna go out there and find a girl and because she has big tits I'm gonna fall in love and and get rid of you and all your loyalty and all you've done for me because her tits are a couple size bigger do I look like a fucking moron and and and and let you my girl go no you're too smart for that I was like I know I am so why are you worried about me muster pussy up like who cares like if they really believe you're as a man you're too stone inside to fall for falter what they're worried about is that some hoe is gonna come along and trick you and some hoe and you're gonna fall for some hoe but once they know you as a man they're like look no woman's gonna wrap you up no woman's gonna mess with you I've been here for you through everything I'm still gonna be here with you for you with you through everything you know fuck away but I just wanted to be the only one you true you care and and I'm like cool it is where it is and and and and then I  living with multiple chicks. That's kind of how it goes. It's like in the fight game, there's always an A side and a B side, right? So you have to champion me on the A side. And then you have the B side, the guy who's getting a chance. And it's the same we live with multiple girls. If I'm living with my chick of eight years and I move a new girl, how can the new girl compare to a girl with eight years of history? Yeah, that's what I said. You have to balance the house in that perspective. So my main girl, I'm like, look, this is some new bitch. We're gonna fuck we're gonna have some fun. We're gonna try it out to the new girl. It's like, look, this is how this is our lifestyle, this is how it is. And you do have to kind of very subtle it. And it's a subtle art. You have to drop the most subtle of hints to the new girl that if she's perfect enough, she might get to be the top girl one day. And then you put them in a perpetual competition, vying for your attention, and they suck a bunch of dick. And it is what it is. And that's the truth. The actual work reward ratio for living with multiple women is not.  You think it's going to be like, it's not really as great as it seems. Like, there's a lot of work. I'm not saying don't do it. I'm just saying people think like you're living the dream right. At one time I was living with five girls. Like, you live with five girls. I was like, bro, the bullshit sex ratio. It's a fucker. But they're making me a bunch of money on top, right? So it is what it is. But yeah, it's got to be something you're prepared for. You have to have a solid frame. You have to be able to ignore female emotionality completely. You have to be uninterested in their bullshit. And you just have to be a very simple. This is the way, this is how our ship functions. You either on the boat or you're in the ocean and you have to choose. Yeah, so it's a good question. Like, it's kind of easier. I find it was easier with more than two. Because with three, the alliance is constantly shifting. Because women are like that, right? So if you have three, you have two who are friends and hate one. And then after a week, two different ones are friends and hate the other one. And like, they never seem to get, it's kind of like Stalin, right? They never seem to get their fortifications.  in place, you know, which made it easier. But with the two girls, what I am lucky to have is, with the girls I live with, my main girl, my number one girl is very well trained and she very well understands and she very much sees it as, it's me and my man using this girl, not using but fucking this girl. She is our toy, not his toy, she's our toy. And for that reason, she's always more loyal to me than she is to female. I mean, both the women snitch on each other and come to me and tell me, they both snitch to me and all this shit. But have you ever read 48 laws of the game? Have you ever read that book? No. You should read it. It's by Pimping Ken and he was a street pin and he makes a very good point. One of the laws of the game is how the solid bottom bitch and he's saying the key is, if you have one girl who truly is out, who understands you and is on your side and you can use her to control other girls, it's so much easier. And I'm kind of lucky I have that with my, I say my main real life to a free man.  I can move any new girl into with any of my main girls and my main girl will be like look if you talk to another guy Some kick you out if you talk to him baddies and kick you out look at mom is gonna kick you out like they put the fear in her For me like they're on my side. Do you know what I mean? So it makes it a lot easier from that perspective and then my main girl will come to me and say look I gotta she's doing everything I say she's doing it. That's she's listening to us to us to us It's very much us and then and that's kind of how I've always done it with Game stuff. That's why I get my best camp girl with a new camp girl. It's kind of the same site Rona has made me lose a lot of faith in the world I'd like to think that anybody with half a brain look at that guy and say that's not true Like how does anyone fall for that? charismatic but it's just like Of course that's not true. Of course that's not true like he's lying and another thing with the whole day in spaces It's really difficult to quantify right because I you see guys say nine and to me she's a  three. So another thing they come out, go out and lie. Is she in line? Like I like to think I'm really fair. Like I work in, I work in an industry where girls made me money. So I know a nine because I know how much money they're. Yeah, but everyone's lying as well. So I mean, maybe he's getting messages off of a two, some single model, like maybe, but there's no 10, 10 blown up artists. Please gentlemen, if you're watching this, please, you know that's not true. You let everyone knows that's not true. You know what? Everyone wants to do my game, right? Because it sounds it sounds amazing. I get these girls and they make me money. But blah, blah, blah. It is amazing. Like, but like any other business is a business, right? And you have to be about the money. The problem is with a lot of guys when they want to try and do this is they they're about living with women and getting having sex. I was about the money. I would not have made millions of dollars if money wasn't my primary focus. And that means that I had a six out 10 or seven out 10 that made more money than the 10 out 10.  seven out of ten got treated better than you ten out of ten. I was about the money. So if you're gonna do it, you have to be about the money. You can't be entering this game to just show off, because it's a business and there's a lot of competition. That's the first thing. The second thing is yeah, the first thing you need to be able to do is get a bunch of chicks. So the first thing you need to do is listen to John Anthony and sleep with a bunch of women because a bunch of women are not going to want to do it or they're going to be crap at the job or lazy. You need to be able to tear through a bunch of women to find the good ones who can make you money. And then on top of that, if you're really serious about learning, I hate to do a plug on your channel or anything, but if you're really getting to John Anthony's course, learn how to get girls, and after that, go to cobertake.com and I have a course telling you exactly how to do it from head to toe and how to make money from digital painting. No problem. But you're not going to be able to do it unless women listen to you. The idea that women don't listen to me, but maybe if I had a camp business, they listen to me like no, it's not that. Women have to listen to you first, and then you can turn that into. Since this whole corona thing, loads of girls have tried to  fans, but you know what's amazing about about the digital campaign. It doesn't matter if a woman wants to be an only fans girl, a housewife, a lawyer, it doesn't matter what a woman wants to do. If a man's not in charge, she's gonna fuck it up. So all the girls who try and do only fans by themselves make no money. The girls who make big money on only fans, all of them work for men. All of them. If you see a girl and she's like, I'm in the top not 0.1% only fans. She is working for a man. The man is in charge of what she's doing. The man's in charge of her sets. I have one guy in my war room in my private network who's making 100 brand a month month. He has 10 girls. He's making 100 K a month. So you can really kill it if you're a man in charge of it. You need a masculine brain to approach it. The female mind is very lazy. Like they'll make a couple hundred bucks. They won't log in again for weeks. They're just lazy. They don't approach it like a man money money money money. But it can be taught. And yeah, only fans is fantastic. All you need is an Instagram page and the knowledge that  teach and back. Anyone, any girl can be like, but you need a man in charge. You need a man in charge. Yeah, I've told, I've said on the stream that my main shake helps me, Pimp the second girl. I don't think the second girls would be watching me. But even if they are, well, she's been around for eight years and you haven't. So you need to put some fucking work in and show me your loyal. Like what? I haven't lied about anything. The problem with lying is that it's very feminine and it's and you're going to lose a woman's respect. You can laugh. This is a lot of men don't realize. If let's say you cheat, right? And you come home and you, you know, you just let stick all over your show. If you start going, no, my friends, girlfriend hugged me. Blah, blah, blah. And you lie. And then she catches you lying. Now you look like a punk because you're scared of a girl. You won't even tell the truth to a girl, right? You don't have to be an insensitive person. If you just say, look, I don't want to upset you. But yeah, it's a girl's lips. Like what? If you tell the truth, she'll respect you. None of what I have ever done has been based on lies. I don't lie. I don't deceive. I don't trick.  people they all he forced these girls onto cam he seduced he tricked them there's no tricks there's no lies it's very just much like you earn a thousand dollars a month as a waitress I'll pay you five thousand dollars a month to live in my mansion step my laptop do you want to look it's there's no lie there's no trick it's very honest I'm not honest individual as a whole so yeah I don't think I've lied about it I don't have to hide me what what about women don't want to be right they want attention right so they don't care about winning an argument you can't win an argument with a woman because how many times you prove her wrong she's not interested in me correct she's interested in the tension but um this is another thing like a lot of things can be sexualized like and I mean this in in a in a completely normal way but a lot of things can be sexualized when you when you're at the apex of the game all the things that women hate the things that make them angry outside of sex make them come in sex I mean that like she's mad right she's mad like  I have girls who get mad that I'm with another girl. But if I'm fucking her saying, I can't wait to finish her. If you want to kick you out number another girl here, you're a scank that, she's coming all over the place. So, it makes her mad outside of the bedroom. Then she loves it in the bedroom. For all the things that can provoke an emotional response, and if you can sexualize it, then it's not so big a deal. So, that's another angle that's part of the Pimkin. It's a big part of it. It's a big part of it. There's a whole, this, yeah, the idea that, what are they saying? You have to hang out with people and get social circle and then you're gonna get girls. Just trying to make you join their social circle. That's bullshit. That's bullshit. I mean, if you're out and about, you might meet a female, yeah, sure. But also, I'm being honest with you, I don't know in my social circle, I don't know men who roll with chicks who aren't theirs. Like, what kind of guys do you know that or just hang around with all these female friends all the time? What kind of dudes are they anyway? If you see me with a girl, she's my girl. Or she's a girl who I'm dating. I'm trying to get married. Yeah, why would I be hanging around with five girls? I want my friends.  Like it's just me. I don't I don't think that's Now I do some of my five friends we talk about Barbies all the time. They're my friends. You can fuck them If I had to say the easiest place in the world to get delayed I would say it's probably two places for me. I thought it was either England Because English girls are fucking Morals and I mean that in like they're just stupid like hey, do you want to come drink vodka and play video games? Okay, they're just idiots like this. They're just dumb They and they don't have any expectations for you as a man. Oh, no, they're not hot. We're talking about they cast But they're not hot. I'm just talking about you know like to get late, you know England's pretty easy If you want to sleep with beautiful women, I actually had and I've heard I've heard bad things about this place But personally I had a lot of success in Sweden. Yeah, I mean MLD hates my guts Well, listen, and I mean this absolutely sincere. This is not Provado because what he does is he sits there in his little chair angles the camera so it doesn't look small and  classes and talks. I'm a tough guy, I'm a tough guy. Please understand something. I grew up in a world where if I had a problem with somebody, we agreed to date, we agreed a time, we turned up and we got in the cage, we fought. This was my career, this is what I did. This is how it didn't matter what you said, all the words were cheap. There was a day and a time to do something about it. If modern life or Ryan is upset, I will put them on a first class ticket, first time they've afforded, first time they've ever flown first class in their lives. And I will fly them here. And on national Romanian television, we can enter the cage and they can show me that they're a man. But if they're not prepared to do that, which they won't be, I mean, even if they come to you, I will, we'll send a contract, we can make this all very legal. If they're not prepared to do something about what I'm saying about them, besides bitch on their YouTube channels, which I don't watch, who gives a fuck. Those who care to be hate to me, like, I own a Bugatti, like, I'm an important guy,irrel kid,  me. Please, I don't care, I don't care. Like, I don't care. If you want to do something, you can come get a whooping. But if you don't want to whooping, then just shut up and get over it, right? You're small, I'm big, you're poor, I'm rich, get over it. But I can't remember saying, I can't remember, I'll say, oh yeah, to get late, sweeten, I had a lot of good luck in Stockholm. Have you ever tried sweeten now? Swedish girls have amazing genetics, but they ruin so 19, they're beautiful, but at 24 they're fucked, because they don't look after themselves and go to the gym. But they are, they are quite liberal in regards to sex is not a big deal for them. It's easy to get a beautiful girl and she'll have sex with you just for the sake of having sex with you. They're quite liberal like that. It's like, oh, I'm a hoe, it's okay, it's like a feminist nation kind of thing. So you can tear through sweetest girls pretty easily. And I've had some beautiful Swedish women who turned out to be good girlfriends, I'm not necessarily bad people, but they're quite liberal and open-minded and I thought sweeten was a good place to go, but it's not cheap.  And you need to have a bit of money, but you need to have a bit of gain. But also the truth is this, this is the truth at your level with the amount of women you've been. There isn't a country on earth. You would. And that's the thing what Anthony says, the 21 con. Anthony is completely right. There's a war on men in America. There is a genuine war on men in masculinity and just just the way I conduct my life, even though I've never hurt anybody ever. The number of women I've told to get the fuck out of the house in the middle of the night, because they talk bad. In America, one of them would have gone vengeance to the police of some garbage lie and ruin my life. Literally, they can do that in America. We're here. They can't do that. I kick you out because you annoyed me and you're out with street fuck you. But in America, you can't even do that. Right? You have no control. So living in the West as a man is very dangerous. And a lot of the guys who come to me for mentorship, they say, what should I do? And I'm like, my friend, if you're going to live in America, it's going to be hard. The system is against you. And this is it. Like you said, supply the man basic capitalism. If you're in a city full of hot women, hot women have less than ego, right? Because there's hot women.  everywhere. But yeah, but certainly Ukraine and Romania are very similar. The women are not easy. They're quite crude. Especially the hot ones. You know, they're a bit flaky. They're not easy. They're definitely not easy. And it's the same even in Moscow. I was playing in Moscow. And also you have to understand a lot of people don't respect this. A lot of people say, oh, Andrew moved to some third world shithole. Look, Bucharest is filimilian here. It's filip, there's a lot of men here with money. That's a big one. Yeah, just because we have money, they think, oh, you have money. So girls, there's a lot of men with money in Brazil. There's a lot of men with money here. If you go to Moscow and you think because you have 10 American dollars, you're going to get laid, you're a fool because there's plenty of millionaires in Moscow. There's billionaires in all the garths and there's G. Vaglins and mafia boys all over the place. And here in Romania, like if I go to if I go to try my car fix, my Lamborghini fix is a six week list. Like there's a whole bunch of people with here with money. So money's not enough. Like you buy that on the fix. And that's it.  And it's kind of crazy. Like when you, they say, they say, hate never comes from above. That's one fact. But there's other factors involved. But for someone to try and demonize my success or your success so heavily, to try and demonize so heavily only shows their own insecurity. It's kind of like, if I'm driving, if I'm driving the Lambo, right? You know what I love to hear? I never got this in a manion, never. If I was in England and I'm in a Lamborghini, you know what, someone who goes rented, I'm like, the idea that I own this car is so beyond your comprehension that it must be rented. That's a compliment. To me, that's a compliment. It's like someone saying you're on steroids when you're not, right? Or someone saying you're recruiters when you're not. My women are so attractive. You cannot, and you cannot believe that they're not paid for. Like being horrible to people is not being an alpha. Being a guy who has no sense of humor, a boring...  is not being an alpha. But you don't have to be a dickhead boring. And that's to try her version. That's a beta male who's trying to impersonate an alpha male as a personality. I can have jokes and laugh. And I tell my woman I love her. And I'm very normal. Like I know who I am as an individual. She, no one messes with me and she knows that. But I don't have to fuck you, bitch. Fuck you ass. Dude, dude. Yeah. Anyone who's acting that way is just trying to impersonate. That's the thing. And that's the thing. Because when I talk to another guy who's genuinely about it, like me and you, we're just friendly. There's none of this fostering. There's none of this. Hey, man, when you talk this, but I fuck that, dude. It's just, it's just imitators. Like a lot of them are just imitators. And you get this all across the world. It's kind of weird. Like a lot of people talk about, there's a whole bunch of people talking about how there's a lack of masculinity in the world. And that is true. But I grew up in the fight circuit. So I always.  threw up around dangerous men. That was my whole life. And we were all very nice to each other. Nobody was like, oh, gonna fuck my wife in the ass. So hard, no one talked like that. Like everyone's like, I'm trained really hard. I hope I win. We're normal people. So when I see dudes sitting there going, hey, you know what? Whose fucking tactics you so smart. I'm fucking, I'm gonna fucking, I'm gonna fucking, you're not gonna do anything. You've never even had a professional fight in your life. You don't have the balls to do anything. Just, you're embarrassing yourself. Anyone with a brain, you embarrass yourself, right? And, but they don't know how to ask. Because if what I was saying about them wasn't true, they wouldn't even be phased by it. The fact they're so upset by me, because they know it's true. They know what I'm saying is true, right? Every time they talk about me, I don't even know, I don't even watch it. Fuck them. Yeah, so the war room is an organization I created because it was what I was looking for when I was younger. So when I was 21 or 22, I watched the Matrix. Remember in the Matrix were Neo downloads all that information into his brain.  like I know Kung Fu and Morpheus has shown me because he downloads it. I was like where do I go online to learn how to get rich, get very powerful friends and get a bunch of money. That's why I wanted. I wanted like 10 past courts, I want 10 drivers licenses, I want paperwork that made me above the law, I want friends who in 50 countries around the world who I could crash with, I want a beautiful girls, I want money and I couldn't find it anywhere. So when I kind of became successful, I put that together. So the war room is based to be an organization based around personal sovereignty. It's not a political organization, we're not about Trump, you know, we're not about saving the West in any particular way. We're about saving yourself as an individual, getting as many past courts as possible, getting as many drivers as possible as much paperwork as possible so no one can contain you. Corona has proved that right during Corona. I've been to 16 countries. I tried to go somewhere, a language passport, no, American passport, no Nigerian passport, no, Maldonovan passport.  No, Romanian passport, yes. So you need a bunch of paperwork nowadays even traveling. So we teach all that, we teach people how to make money online, we do teach about girls, we teach about everything a man needs and it's a network. If you go, when I go to Belarus, I'm gonna be meeting War Room guys, guys on the ground, know the city, who you can trust and take care of you. So it's an international network in 60 countries and we have some amazing guys in there. So it's big, but we kick, we, I like, because I like to make life difficult. There is a culture inside where you must grab. You must do impressive things and you must meet milestones and you must show your impressive things to other people. If you do not prove you are advancing as a human in whichever the different metrics, I don't wanna give too much away. In the many different metrics, you get kicked out. So over time, only half of the members survive. Half of the guys join and they can't keep up and they get kicked out. So this is a group for winners. Everyone in there is a winner and if you join and...  You're not a winner, you need to become a winner. You can't just join and sit around. It's the opposite of that. So I think it's history. I won't say how many people are in there now, but a good 600 people got kicked out in its history. I don't see myself ever getting married because I don't see the advantage to getting married. I'm a woman and I love her and work together. Why do I need to get married? Yeah, same. Why? The women want to get married, right? So most men who get married get pressured into it. I believe this is the case. Men get pressured. Please, please, please, and they give in. I will never get married because I don't want to. I don't see the advantage. As for a relationship, yeah, I have relationships. And I believe in a relationship. Look, if you're sick, you want a woman who's going to give a shit, right? You're just going to spin plates forever. What's going to happen when you're sick or something bad happens or not from an emotional perspective? But if I'm sick, I want a girl to look, bring me suit. You want that. It's normal, right? So I have relationships. They'll never be monogamous, no, because that's not who I am as an individual.  I refuse to be monogamous because I'm true to my biology and I'm true to who I am as a man and a woman can go and choose a monogamous man If she so chooses it's up to her. I will not be a monogamous individual, but I will still love I say to you I will love you. I will still love you. I will still take care of you I'm still your man. You still call me if there's a problem. I'm still here for you But I'm gonna fuck that bitch. It is what it is like I will never be monogamous and I will never get married but but also This is another point I like to make If people are happy Be happy. I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't recommend it But if you're if you're hell-bent on doing it I'm not trying to talk you out of it Like if you want to you know, you can do anything you want you won't jump off a bridge go do it I'm not trying to talk you out of it, but I just don't think it's a good idea Percy I kind of feel like there needs to be a definition as well There needs to be some distinction and I understand that like Rolos talked bad about me and and some of the other guys have talked bad about me But I being honest the reason Rolo doesn't  Because I don't think he's saying he's a playboy. He's saying, I'm a theorist, and this is my theory. And I think some of his theories are right. And by his own theory, by his own theory of hypergaming, or hypergaming, the fact that women want the best they could, by his own theory, of course we have women more attractive than John or Ryan. Because we're higher value males, right? So, Rollo's own theory, cement. It's cement are attractiveness. It's cement are success. I know a little bit. I see in the chat people are talking about Richard Cooper. I have nothing against Richard. I like it. I know you're looking at me mad now. I'm just saying. He's never offended me. Maybe in the past he's insulting me, whatever, whatever. I talk to him. He seems like a nice enough guy. I don't think he's particularly saying about slaying pussy. Too much. He's just giving theories and advice based on his life experience, right? I have nothing I can't say. It doesn't matter if you're skeptical.  It doesn't matter if you do not believe, because it's happened. And it's not by doing what exactly. Many people have done amazing things. Different methods, right? We had one guy that became a millionaire with only fans, girls. We had another guy that became a millionaire with DeFi project. We had another guy who watches on crypto. We had another guy who invested in the casino. We had another guy who did a real estate deal based on someone else who met in the world in South Africa. We have lots of guys who made lots of money. Your network is your network. To come along to a network, an international network, headed by a desimillionaire, and full of multi-millionaires, and to say, unskeptical, how can I be a millionaire if I join doing what exactly? Is a very feminine amateur approach? You understand? If I sit with millionaires, I don't sit and go, how do I become rich exactly? That's not how the world functions. If you're a skeptical edit, I very, very, very much recommend you do not join. Because all...  I can tell by your attitude when we tell you what to do or you see other people doing things You're gonna fail because you're not gonna have the right ethic If you're skeptical, please do not join because you're just gonna get kicked out The war mr. People who have the mentality there's for winners You have to be the kind of guy who can join in a hyper competitive environment Full of lions and start to run with the pride You can't beat some dude who sits there and start saying to the lions you guys said you were gonna give me some food That's not what we're looking for That's not what we're looking for so any you're not you're not welcome in the world and if you're skeptical You can keep your skepticism and the winners will be the winners and you can just stay outside If you're gonna try and dis me then most of the time it's not worth my time But I really did grow up in a physical realm and I want to try and explain my mentality I grew up in a very physical world like if people are gonna make this videos about me on YouTube They're welcome to but if you want to de-garner my respect you're gonna  to get in the cage or come see me on the street and do something because I'm a physical individual. This is who I am. This is how I gained respect from the world by becoming the champion. This is how other men gained respect from me. Even then I beat. I respected them. I beat an Armenian guy. I broke my hand on his head because I was closed and I shook his hand and said, you are a fucking hero. This is how I operate. If you're not a physical individual, then nothing you say matters anyway because at the end of the day, all your opinions I could take away from you with my physicality that you lack. It's like whatever. It literally is whatever to me. I don't operate in that sphere. I operate a physical sphere. If any of these men want to do something, we can opt, we can arrange it, but they won't. If they hate me, that's fine. All I can talk about is my personal experiences with people. My experiences with Rolo were always positive until he got tricked by the Miko's. My experiences with Cooper are currently positive. I understand he spoke bad about me in the past, but I don't know. Grudges seems to be nice enough right now.  My experience with Cooper was he seems to be nice enough right now. And Ryan and NLD we've talked about and it is what it is and I'm just living life. It's all like I know I know I'm fucking. So I'm not worried what they're saying. I know what I'm fucking and I know they're good. I know they're beautiful. So my life's good. Completely and I think I'm responsible because that's my mental model for everyone. Whether I am truly completely responsible or not is a different debate. However, my mental model is every single thing that happens to me is my fault. All of it. If it rains, it's my fault. That's how much control I want over my life because if it's not my fault I don't have control of it. If you want to absorb responsibility then you absorb authority over it. And that's why a lot of men make the biggest mistake. Oh, it wasn't my fault. Well now you can't fix it. So it's my fault. It's my fault. I didn't have to be so devilishly handsome. They can't help that. But you can't help what you said. Well, you can't help that. But there's also a huge, I'll make this very clear. There is a huge degree of jealousy wrapped up in...  this matrix. If I was some short little dork and broke and said the same things, nobody would care. But because I remind these nerds of the guy who picked on him in school, because I'm big and tall and strong and smart and women love me and I haven't been gay to a bunch of cars and hundreds of millions of those are properly in a private jetty y'all, because I lived a dream life of every man, a bunch of people are pissed off at me and they would be jailed. Of course, there's a huge degree of that. I didn't have to be so monumentally successful and brash, but I decided to be, so I take responsibility for all of it and also I'm all perfect person. If I go to jail for this garbage, which I know I've done nothing wrong, but I do know I have done things wrong in my life, so all in all, fair enough, me and my brother kept saying that to each other and jail. All in all, fair enough. You know, we're here for some garbage, complete garbage, yes. But when we were 19 and we were drinking WKDs in liquid nightclub and that guy bumped into us and we were a bit drunk and he ran his mouth and we took his teeth out. Was that necessary really for a young Institute?  We're young and stupid and we hurt some guy. So all in all, calls me justice, put me with the call rooms. Whatever, I'm all perfect person. I'm also not a coward. I'm all afraid. Yeah, it would be, but I'll get stories. I'll come out and do podcasts. He-hoo! With it. What am I supposed to do? So I'll take responsibility for it. But I also understand why there's people in rooms right now sitting there frustrated that I'm not in jail. Because these people are analyzing my life forensically. And they're like, damn. I-I'll never be. I will never have a fraction of his capability or his finance. The way these women stick up for him in a door, my wife would never stick by me like that. I hate it. I-I did it. I totally did it. And that's my fault for being so. Well, I think the NVs designed to motivate, but the Matrix has taken NV and it's corrupted it. So I-I've always been- I've told this story and on the podcast before, but I've been at NV.  be his person. I told this story because it was so pertinent to me about how those people don't care. I was walking to school. I was walking to sixth home college in Luton. I was 16, 17 years old. And I used to have to walk about an hour each day to school when it was raining and I was walking. And I was walking with three of my friends at a Ferrari. It was an F430. I think pulled up at the, I was most surprised for a hurry. That one's yeah. Pull up at the lights, made a bunch of noise, and I'll stand in there and I watched it. And then the light went green and he's tore off. I said to my friends, I said, bro, how do we get Ferraris? And he's like, what do you mean? I was like, my mom is on a council estate. Single mother. She raises three kids on three hundred pounds a month. I can, we can barely afford food. He has 200 grand for a car. Liquid for a car. Something is broken. None of the teachers at school have Ferraris. None of the university professors at Ferrari. No one else I know has the Ferrari. What do we have to do to break the matrix and find the money?  This is all a lie, I want a Ferrari and my friends who like, hmm, don't know. That's why I have for all the friends. Well no, that's why I have for worries and they don't. That's why I now have 33 for Rs. Because I won. I was envious. I was envious of this man. Most people don't care. I tried to envy a danger anger as power. But what we have people doing now, because people are, because they don't believe in themselves, because the matrix is dampened their soul when they feel envious, because they want to level the playing field, which is all envy is, instead of trying to elevate themselves and try and drag others down. So when people look at my life and are envious of me, what they should say is, he's truly from the most humble possible socio-economic beginnings. He is a person of color from a council estate, a single mother household. He is the bracket of criminal. He's at the bomb, and he made it up to the highest echelons he's on phone with Elon Musk and his ability. He can do a eye to do it, but they don't believe in himself, so what they do instead is, well, I want to level the playing field.  feel so I got to drag him down and they do that primarily through to characters. So he has all these things but either bad person, I'm a good person and it's the nature to they don't believe in themselves. So envy when you're trying to drag others down is actually it's just laziness because you feel envious but you don't have enough fire about yourself to go out there and attack the world and equal the playing field with bigger. So you want to equal the playing field with by dragging someone else down. It's just laziness. Lazy people. People who are not lazy would see me as an inspiration but inspiration is of the envy. So it is. So I think humans are designed to be envious and I think the correct mental model for envy is inspiration and the incorrect mental model for envy is going to be attempting to attack someone's character and I think I guess I guess this is just rival mechanism. You see your opponent has three rocks and you only have two. You want four. I'll watch him lose. Is that why you have 59 cars? We'll kiss and I have to raise.  my friend. You said you only drive four of them. I've only got seven, but they're all in the garage at the same time. No, you know what? I've been mostly you're in a circle. I've gone as many cars as I have. I've got your complete right. Yeah. And but they all go wrong all the time and I only wanted to match you want to drive. Correct. And it's funny because I have so many of the theme car. I have three SF90s, all three have a currently have a warning light. I have four 765s, only one of them's working. I have to. Brose on. Yeah, it's nightmare. And then you've lost it for a month because you've got to go about to the garage and then it's a 25 gram bill for a correct gearbox. You don't need correct. It is a nightmare. The reason I buy so many cars is because I'm passionate about cars and I guess you say I'm very hard on myself, but I like to spoil myself with cars because I can't think of another way to spoil myself. Clothes. Okay, you buy a wardrobe of clothes. How many clothes? Diamond watches. Okay, I had 30 diamond watches for. Let me ask you about it. So I get what sort of buy. Besides cars, please, you're another  very high network individual. Please correct me because I buy a new car every weekend. I'm cause I'm bored. What else is am I supposed to buy with all my money? Yeah, cars, watches, clothes, assets, experiences, experiences are great, but I'm locked in a room. It's by cars. Nothing else. I bought like 40 cars and took out a jail. There's nothing to do with 30 cars. What are these? These are my products. Have you bought a lot since coming out of jail? Oh yeah. So is this a reaction to it? It's like, you know, it's funny. When they raided my house, the first thing the police said is where's the baguette? First words. It's almost like the remaining state just wanted to steal money. Interesting. Anyway, back to you. Um, when they raided my house, I have a safe and I have all my diamond watches in a safe on a schooly thing and his bulletproof glass and boblers. I'm not open to safe. I was like, well, what happens to Vito and Mr. Ski Mask with the shop? He says, well, you're going to jail. So it doesn't matter. It takes us three months with a chainsaw organ in that safe. I went to store your house while we give it. I was like, well, that's a pretty valid point.  fire in which we all burn, including a safe. I mean, it can hold someone out for a certain amount of time, and I'm sure with mocks, they get it. So I opened the safe and they took all my watches. I just feel, you know what, I don't even drive them. I just, I like, I think what I think if I have to analyze it, what I truly think it is. I think it's because it's most men's dream. Most men's dream is a Lamborghini, let's say, and they have to save and they have to finance it and work out how they're going to pay for it and they have to get the carriage for it. It's a big deal. So by me trivializing that big deal, it highlights to me the echelon of my life. If I walk into a car dealer and say, what have you got? What have you got right now? Oh, this and this. Okay, don't ask the price. Don't go and care what it is. Don't care what it costs and pay for it and then leave it at the dealership for four months. Before eventually get collects on a truck, because I never even pick it up. He goes into some storage units, somewhere. I get other people's dreams with ease. I take their dream scenario and I trivialize it.  just yeah okay I'm like what I want and I think that that's what I enjoy about it's kind of like that is he did this thing well it's got like a man's in love with the supermodel I love the supermodel he writes on her Instagram and well these dudes this is real a man's in love with a girl on Instagram she got three million followers and she's beautiful and he's liking her posts and right underneath it and he's in boxing and she's not replying he's obsessed with her and I'm like yeah okay coffee fine Tuesday do I really want to talk to her no but this man wants it so bad I'd have to make it so ridiculously easy I guess it's kind of like a peacock putting up his feathers you know or a lion saying don't come near my tearful don't come near my tree or or on the island it's the same in a fiscal stance so I just take other people's dreams and I reduce them to nothing to dust and then I put it in storage and then I forget that I even have the car most of the time till I'm reminded it needs a service and then I'm annoyed I have it unless hey then it gets serviced  with back and storage. I just take on a- maybe I'm a dream catcher. I take other people's dreams, take them all, put them in a big warehouse. Take warehouse. And then these people get mad at it. Some people listen to this and are inspired by it. Some people get mad and those are the two camps. The ones who believe I shouldn't be in jail and the ones who rejoice when I go to jail. The ones who rejoice when I go to jail though don't understand a very important part of this whole equation is that jail makes me stonk. I think the best way to predict the future is to study history. I believe in times of old. Let's go back to the last three thousand years. If you were a king, your life was pretty good. Or it was as good as life could be. To be a king you had power influence money. That's what you had and you were a king and you lived a good version of life. If you weren't a king you were an average man, a common man. And I think the world is cyclical. When you were a common man two thousand years ago you were effectively a slave and life was terrible. And then that was the same all the way up to  So perhaps 1930s, 1940s being a common man was pretty terrible. And perhaps it was the war and the massive loss of life. Perhaps it was something else, I'm not sure. But I kind of feel like there was a golden period between the 50s to 60s to 70s to 80s, maybe even the 90s. We're being a normal hardworking man, because life is cyclical. Went from being a terrible existence to quite a good existence. In the 60s, you could be a normal man who worked in a factory, an unskilled labor job, and with one wage, you could afford a house, you could afford a car, you could afford a race of family, your children would not be garbage in school, your wife would respect you, you'd have a home cooked meal. That was a good. Times are good. All the things I said about playing Uno earlier in Hyper Bowl are true. What matters most? Your wife loves you. You're respected as the breadwinner. Your kids respect you. They listen to you. Your house is clean. Your house is safe. Your car works. Your life is good. I feel like because it's cyclical.  those good times are over and we're going back to where it was before. The kings have always been fine and we always will. But if you're the common man, I think that the good days are over. And I think it's going to get harder and harder. Inflation is going to absolutely decimate your spending power. Now, inflation doesn't damage you. Inflation doesn't damage you because I own all the assets. Inflation just means houses get work more money. Inflation just means Bitcoin and stock and land and houses. All go up. Inflation means my car collection is no longer worth 110 million. It's not worth 300 million. Whatever. Inflation is amazing for the rich man. I love it. But for the broke man, you're done. You're done. You're finished. Because inflation is meaning your money is worth less. And it's going to take more of your money to buy a house. And your wage is not going to increase at the rate of inflation. It's becoming more and more possible for you to own assets. For us asset owners, inflation is fantastic. So the common man is about to get rent.  I think inflation is going to make it exceptionally difficult. I think AI is going to make most jobs worth less than they already currently are. If you're a newspaper writer or whatever, AI is going to take that in the next 10 years. And if you still have a job, it's going to be only managing the AI, which means you're going to be paid even less than you currently pay. I think life is about to become exceptionally difficult for the people in the middle. I think the good times are over. I think it's going to go back to the feudal system of kings and serfs and peasants. And I think if you're a normal average person now, you should feel deep fear and panic and understand that you have a certain amount of time to get into the higher bracket of the social class before these hard times come. And the most scary thing about these hard times is I have no real evidence for this. It's just in my mind. I feel like the gap is going to permanently close. And olden times, let me think about this thought. And olden times, the chance of turning into...  to anything more than a peasant when you were born a peasant was effectively zero, unless there was chaos, unless there was a war or some great catastrophe, which allowed social mobility for you to go to war, win, get a knighthood for bravery, get some land and change your social mobility class, but there had to be war and chaos for you to escape. Because without the chaos, it's kind of like a prison break. When all the rules are being adhered to and the prison is operating as it should, you're stuck in your cell. But if there's a prison riot, you have a chance to escape, which means uncertainty and chaos are required for the difference in social mobility. And that's always been the case. But now I feel like with AI and certain other things, although there's gonna be instability in the world, although they're gonna continue to lie to us, I feel like the matrix is gonna gain enough control to keep us all in our pods or in our 15-minute cities, or our electric cars will be turned off, or we need to get our bug rations for the week, so that there can't ever be enough true chaos for you to escape. There won't be true social mobility, and I feel like there's gonna be a...  the people who are rich now, their bloodlines will be rich for a very long time. And the people who are poor now, they don't get rich soon. In the next 10 years or so, they're never going to get rich. The prices of houses are going to continue to go up. The prices of land is going to continue to go up. The place is going to continue to happen. The wages will not catch up. It's going to get harder and harder for the average person to ever stand a chance. It's almost impossible right now. How does the average person on average wage by house in London right now? It's almost impossible already. I think in the next 10 years it's going to become truly impossible. I'm going to use AI to keep the gap closed. And what's interesting about that is, well, I'm in a rich team, I guess. But what I find most interesting about that is to socio-ramifications of the fact that I think this is quite pertinent to most average people. I think most normal people understand if you were to ask them how is the economy they'd say, those impossible. I can't pay for my bills. I can't pay to eat. I can't afford a house.  my mortgage, I'm never going to get rich this way. They understand all of this, but they're not panicking. Why are you not panicking? The Titanic just hit the iceberg. You may not be in the water yet, but it's certainty. There's nowhere else to go. It's going to sink. It's going to happen. Panic now. Don't panic at the end with everyone else as they go into the icy depths. No, I would argue if I was on the Titanic and it got struck by the iceberg. I could have gone on a lifeboat nice and early. Now, I wouldn't have women and children first. I'm just using this as a sample. I know. I know what you're going to do. I could have gone to the top deck with no one else who's panicking and said, you know what? I want this. I want to unliked boat. No, I don't feel comfortable on a lifeboat. In the guard probably would have said to me, you don't even go on a lifeboat. It was no big deal. I said, yeah, but please just give me the lifeboat or here's some money or whatever. I want this one. Give me this. Everyone started panicking at the end. It's no length. And people are sitting here now going, oh yeah, the economy's bad. But you know, maybe we vote for this person.  Who are you going to vote for that's going to put money in your pocket? Actually, come along and say here's money. Nobody. Still about pay your council tax, still a brokey, nobody cares. No one you vote for is going to change it. It's going to get worse. It's going to continue. And you know the boat is going to sink and you're not panicking. That's why I kind of catch myself. And one of the things I try very hard not to do is become a leetus. Because when you've come from the absolute bottom to the absolute top and you've done it all off of your own back and hard work and dedication and never missing a day, the only shortcut to life is to never miss a day. One, because of compounding interest and two, because sometimes you get lucky. And you'll never miss a lucky day if you try every day. If you don't try every day, you might miss your lucky day. And that's what we would all understand. You never miss a day and you never don't try. And you're always on time. And as I like today, no, on time. And you ch-  try and improve every aspect of your life and you're a professional and you try and make sure that you analyze your decisions, you give yourself feedback, you don't make mistakes, you're not lazy, if you try and you make it to the top, you end up elitist because you look at the people down below and you're like, well why didn't you try? I did, oh I did too, no you didn't, that's a lot, now you're lying to me and that annoys me. And you catch yourself being very elitist and this is what's scary about it because I'm from a lute and counsel estate. And now I have all this money, but if I meet somebody who's truly broke, truly broke, I'm all talking about you not high hundreds of millions, but if I meet somebody who's broke, I think you're an idiot and I catch myself going, is that bad? Am I elitist? Or do I sit down now and I just say no, I started lower than you and beat you, how are you poor? You're lazy. Okay, okay, Fernando, I was going to say, why would you say if there is you if you wanted that position as well? No, I was, but I bought out. And I think one of the three, there's only three reasons you can't get rich in the world today.  is either you're stupid, you're lazy or you're arrogant. And I find the most common one is lazy and arrogant. It's not stupid. There's nobody at home who is too stupid to become rich. I'm sure anyone watching this podcast right now, if you're just sitting down next to me and I want to say, do this, do this, do this, do this, do this, you could do it. Of course you could. But you're too lazy to learn how to do it yourself. And you're too arrogant to listen. And you're too arrogant to listen. It's not about being stupid. You're lazy or arrogant. It's one of the two. Those are the two most common factors of people. So when I meet people who have truly failed and they pretend to me that they didn't want to fail, I know they're one of the three. And it's usually arrogant because when I sit and say to them, you could have gone out, they don't say you're right, I could have gone out, I didn't try. That shows humility. They don't do that. They say, no, no, no, because it's a excuse, excuse someone else's fault. The matrix is fault. No self-countability. Oh, well, you don't know what you're talking about anyway. Errogance, arrogance, arrogance. It sounds like 70 mints at it to me. Well, yeah, exactly. And then it's loose. So I catch myself being elitist and I try.  It's very hard not to be because I don't consider myself a rich man. I'm a poor man with lots of money. And what's scary about being a leetist is, if I'm from a lute and councilor's day, and I have a bunch of money now, and I see the common man as a lazy idiot. Imagine how the elute sees. And then you start to really go down the rabbit hole where you understand these people who've been in charge of the world for a very long time, who own the banks, who believe their genetic and security to us because why not? The family's always on the bank. They can be a fat loser, but they just believe there's something because why not? They have a good boat. That's just what we're going to believe, isn't it? Imagine how they view the common man. You think they give a shit about you or your family or your income or your wages? You think they care about you? You think they're going to make life easier for the common man in the next 10 years as you've just asked, or are they going to continue to decimate your lifestyle for their own forever profit? There's no light without dark, which is a basic fundamental law of the universe which can't be broken. And especially as these large companies want forever profits, which they do, and they own everything. I don't think many people understand if you go into Sainsbury's and you look around  This is probably the find 10 brands that are owned by the same company that own things breeze owned every brand is all they own everything. So if they want forever a prop which they do, they're not going to do that without only everything. Well, and also you have to take that money from somebody if they can make you poor so they can get richer. They will. If they own all the assets they want. So if you're going to kind of person is going to quit because it's hard, then fuck off. I don't even want your energy around me because quitters are the worst people on the planet. You can give a quitter absolutely everything and they will still fail. You can give it. It doesn't matter what it is. If you go to IKEA and buy a flat pack, fucking table and put it in front of a quitter, you will never have a table. He'll look at it as long and a quitter. Quitter is going to have every single advantage. Quitter is going to have all the information. Quitter is going to have all the tooth lids. Quitter is going to have a mentorship. Quitter is going to have someone who messages them every morning. Hey bro, let's get it. And guess what they're going to do at the end? Quitter. Quitter is going to have shit.  So if you're a quitter, I don't even want you even inside my organization. I don't want quitters in your near me because you're never going to be successful. And the people who join and then quit because they had to do an hours work or the people who come along and go to do this or maybe it's a scam. Idiots, peongs, they will stay brokeies and wait geese forever. Leave them there, right? You need the people who don't quit. I don't quit. Every single facet of my life is testament to the fact that I don't quit. When people see my plane in the sky, you can you can say whatever you want about me. You can call me arrogant. You can go me anything you want. You cannot call me a quitter. I didn't quit. So that's the difference. When it was hard, I did it anyway. That's who I've always been. And if you don't have that kind of tenacity, you're never going to be anything. So the people who come along talk about passive income. They sound like quitters to me. There's not people who don't want to work. I love work. I'm ready to work. I'll dig a hole. You broke me a billion dollars right now. Give me a shovel. I'll dig a hole. I don't give a fuck. Give me the shovel. Give me the money. I will dig a hole. I'm not afraid to work. I think follow your passion is also a terrible piece of advice. Yeah. Yeah. People say...  Hey man, you need to find your what you're passionate about and do that and what they're trying to say is only do what you like Because you have no motivation to do anything else and Motivation in and of itself is a scam. I don't believe in motivation. I believe in discipline I am not motivated to do the things I'm supposed to do every day I don't wake up full of like joy I have to go to the gym or that I have to work or to deal with crap I don't feel motivated to do them. I'm disciplined. I do them regardless of how I feel whether I'm in the mood to do it or I'm not in the mood to do it. It gets done. That's discipline discipline is a real thing motivation is fleeting Yeah, you're never going to be permanently motivated So when someone comes along and says oh do what you're passionate about what they're saying is you'll have endless motivation And then you'll be able to try hard you're the kind of person who can only try hard at something he enjoys Then you're gonna fail because most things you enjoy don't pay any money if they paid money you would enjoy It's called a job, right? Nobody likes their job. You like your hobby. I'm sure you like playing video games Maybe 1% not point 1% can make money from video games, right? Most people you're never gonna make it Do you think the guy in China who owns a concrete plan?  is passionate about concrete. You can sit in there stroking it at night, naked in bed, fuck no, it's money. Be passionate about success. If you're passionate about money, then you can be passionate about anything. I'll be passionate about any business on earth that pays me. If you pay me a billion dollars to dig that hole, I'll be very passionate about that hole. I will dig that hole with passion for the cash. Because you know the cash in the city. It's right, so when people come along and say, oh, you need to find something you're passionate about. Follow your passion. Bro, you're gonna follow your passion to the fucking food bank. You're never gonna make any money that way. You have to sit there and go, what is gonna pay me? The problem is as well is difficult because the way that humans work and the way that we are, we evolve this to species is that we don't really learn lessons unless they're learning a hard way. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not gonna learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, doesn't slow his ass down until he wrecks it. Like this is how people are, right? So you need that pain.  for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything. It's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ, blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just spunk it, act an idiot, and it all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, it's and don't and don't be dumb with it. So you need to you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things, you need to have to to a degree, some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right. The book, that's not going to teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets. You need to make mistakes. You need to suffer. You need to have the tax man knocking at your door. You got to deal with all that stuff so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kind of how it works. Yeah, you know what's actually the  saying if you know what you have, you ain't got much, that is completely true. I don't have a clue how much money I have. When I was broke, I knew exactly how much money I had. I had 117 pounds in the net west, and that was a poor rent paid I got nothing else. When I was broke, I knew exactly how much I had, but now I'm at a point where it gets really difficult to truly measure how much money I have, because you have cash, okay, that's easy. I have some crypto which is constantly fluctuating, and then you have assets, and the price of the assets is constantly fluctuating. And then I have companies in income streams which need to be valued, and how do you value them, right? They can be an eight times multiplier and some circumstances and others that be a ten times multiplier. So it's really difficult for me to put a value on it. If you were to say to me how much money do I have in the bank, but then even then, if I'm going to be careful, I say, but even then, even then, once you have a healthy respect for money, once you get past a certain amount of money, you don't need it in the bank. Like there's this dough point me having 50M liquid in the bank. Why? What am I going to buy? Well, you're like, as long as you have whatever you have in the bank to run around the world it with, you have enough. See you.  try and put that money to use, right? You buy assets at 6 Y Z. So it's really difficult. I mean, I have my online school, which we'll talk about later, Hustles University. That's already been valued. That was valued at 300 million. Yeah, I missed a broken day. What? Because when you have limitations, money makes it fun though. It money does make life fun, but when you have limitations, you're better at living in the moment and you're better at appreciating things. So what happens is now at my point, right? No matter how much fun I'm having, it's always, even if it's only 1% in the back of my mind, that it could be more fun somewhere else. If I can go anywhere I want all the time with no limits, limitations, I never have to turn up to a job, I don't have anything I have to do. I can go anywhere, right? And I got a plane waiting for me. If I'm in Marbella in the middle of a party, how good that party is, how much fun I'm having, whatever girls I'm with, whatever, I'm a boy texting me from Miquinos saying it's going off in Miquinos. Part of me thinking, should I just, it's, I can get there by, it's 3 a.m. now, I can be there by, before the club closes, and Miquinos.  And then it's hard to just live in the moment and be happy with what you're doing Yeah, because there's unlimited choices like going to Tesco. There's only one sandwich. It's fine There's a hundred sandwiches you start reading every sandwich Which ones the one I want maybe that one was better But so the broken days were good days bro man like I get McDonald's as you're laughing with your boys Yeah, the broken days are great and I'm not complaining about being rich Obviously I worked hard for this and it's and it's a fantastic life. I live now But I think without those broken days without those original days to compare it to without that juxtaposition Then I don't think being rich would be fun at all I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you weren't rich That's the only thing that makes it fun the only thing that makes about ten thousand dollars steak fun Is that you can laugh saying how you never had ten grand your bank to your 27 years old? Yeah, that's otherwise it's boring otherwise you okay? Staking and I think if you're born with too much money that you'll never truly be happy I think you need the broken days are the best days. Yeah, it's not the destination is the journey and and and  humans we all work in in regards to, it's even the way the human body works, right? If you're driving at 200 miles an hour, you don't feel it. You only feel the acceleration getting to 200 miles an hour. Yeah, yeah. So if you're born at 200 miles an hour, it doesn't feel fast. It doesn't feel fun. Me, my life feels fun now because of all the acceleration to get here and I can remember the times when I was stuck by the side of the motorway without a car. So I have that juxtaposition. Without that, it's not even interesting. It's not even fun. So the brokey days, anyone who's out here who's broke, good. These are going to be the happiest days of your life once you've made it. Just got to remember everything and sit around with your boys. I mean, maybe some people change with money. Maybe if you get new friends and things change, but I hang around with the exact same people I did when I was poor. I got the same friends. I live with the same people, the same guys, same jokes, nothing's changed for me. So for me, I'm just a broke guy with a bunch of money. That's just all this happening. I think sales jobs are probably the best job any person can get. If I had to get a job again, it'd be a sales job.  Because you learn a lot as a salesman you learn and sales are really important skill You learn a skill and also if you're actually good at it It's not even really like having a job. They don't fire the top salesman. Yeah, no, they don't they do not fire the top sales No, no, yeah, you turn up late. You just do you crash your car Well, sorry, gee boom. Here's my numbers. They're like all right dickhead But all right, bye they don't give a fuck if you're the big boss right? So if you're a salesman it's the only time you get any kind of freedom and Also all the responsibility and all the pressures on your back where it belongs as a man you need to adopt Stress and adopt problems if you want to be successful as a man and as a salesman you get that so I have a bunch of sales jobs I did a bunch of sales things I was fighting became world champion start making money with fighting But even fighting kickboxing is not boxing bro Most I've ever got paid for a fight was like 200 grand as a kickbox You don't make that much money man. I had an apartment at a BMW and I was doing all right But I wasn't balling, you know I couldn't just pull my mouth out the sky and just do whatever like you've your fight in twice in a year Yeah, unless they you get 50  grand for one fight, 40 grand for another fight, what night you grand, by the time you give your manager 20% pay all your rent, pay your car, but you ain't doing rich. Right. And that's the best you'll ever got. I kickboxing ever. Well, even a top top level, top top top level. You have to go to UFC and even most UFC fighters have no money. Yeah. You got to be the champ champ to get paid. The thing is with the UFC is that everyone says Dana White should pay them more, but look at how liquid the UFC is even during COVID when basically every other organization couldn't function and shut down. He managed to keep shows running. He managed to keep UFC running, keep fighters getting paid, keep keep fighters in shape. I mean, I know a lot of kickboxers who didn't have a fight for two and a half years, I guess they're two and a half years. Yeah, and then you can do it and do what? Yeah. I'm going to drive to the gym every day, eat good every day without going to be paid to fight now. So it's hard. So maybe he does rub the fighters. I don't know, but he's an excellent businessman. He's provided a platform for people. But the point I'm trying to make is that fighting as a career path is a terrible career path because it's just too hard to make money. Too much can go wrong. Yeah, unlucky. You can break your hand.  You know, you can get sick on the day before a fight and then lose the fight because you had a bit of a cold and now you're you got knocked out and you're You know, I mean like it's hard to say for it is too hard. It's it's not it's unpredictable So I always knew that even when I was fighting and I was always trying to find a way to make money Even when I was fighting all I did was try different ways to make money I tried to I tried a million things and that's what you have to do You have to try a bunch of things and learn a bunch of lessons to do you have finally find something that works So that's a good question I think one of the reasons why I was so motivated to make money is because even when I was completely broke Through fighting I had access to a lifestyle. I saw I saw money, right? So man, I could tell you stories now that even sounds stupid to me I went to doville France to fight for a world title and I was sitting there and the promoter hadn't turned up yet And I ordered two waters to peria and they came and they were like nine euro each and I paid for them And I said to Tristan 20 quid for fucking water Because we're brokeies and he's like yeah, that's crazy and and  And we look at around and there's all these tables just water, champagne, food, you know, like a thousand dollar lunch, just a thousand pound lunches. No one gave a shit, right? And we're sitting there going, where are we going wrong with life? Like we're worried about the price of water. That dude's got lobster. He's got like a big bottle of table to be. He's like, we're going wrong. So I always knew there was outside of the matrix. There were these people who were living in a way that money didn't have any significance. Money wasn't real to them. So I always knew it. I was always around it, especially through fighting. I went to a bunch of crazy countries, Kazakhstan, all these places. We're in Kazakhstan, a poor country. It's just G-wagon, G-wagon, G-wagon, G-wagon. I'm like, what's going on? Like there are people who are living outside the matrix. And once you live outside of it, once you get to a certain level of incomes and wealth, everything becomes free. Like when I was looking at the price of that water, no one else in that restaurant even looked at the price of anything. It didn't matter. And that's what I'm like now. I don't know the price of anything I eat or buy. If it's not a house or a car, even most super cars, Gene. I don't even know. If I want the new Maserati MC.  2020 the spider I'm just gonna text my boy. Yeah fully spec every option and it's gonna come out the bank And I know this like it doesn't make a difference if I have 11.8 million or 11.4 million What does it doesn't make it doesn't mean anything so you get to a point where the whole world's free And then you start just buy and stuff Not because you want it, but because it's completely free So even if you 1% want it right? You're like oh well, I kind of maybe I might use it once for the geez I might try it one day this summer Yeah, you know, and that's how you get to it's the same way people just buy coffee I went when you end up doing that with everything so I always knew that that kind of life existed I used to talk with my brother about all the time. I was like bro. We're doing something wrong something doesn't add up We're still thinking in terms of like make money spend money money in the bank It doesn't there's people who are living for free and they just point at things and they get everything they want And my brother used to call me crazy. He said what are you talking about? No, there's the matrix. We're inside the system. We need to escape and now I managed to find a way out  So I always knew it existed. I was always looking for it. And it does exist, man. You can get to a point of income. You can get to a point of wealth generation where literally everything, I can't, I don't know how else to say. I want to say in a more articulate way for the sake of the podcast, the only way I can explain it is everything is free. That's how I view the world. Everything's free. If I want something, it's free. I want dinner, free coffee, free supercars, free private jets of free, it's free, it's free. I just want it because all they want is numbers on a screen and numbers on a screen are, what's the numbers on a screen? It's nothing, it's free. I don't know how else to say it. You're telling me, have I give you some numbers on a screen? You're going to go and build me a W-16 fucking Bugatti sheer on pure sport and you're going to deliver it to me in my house and you're going to put it in the color I want and it's going to be gorgeous and beautiful and everyone's going to be jealous and you're going to do that and all you want is a few numbers on a screen. Say, take it. Take it, you know what I mean? It's free. I don't know how else to explain it. That's the level the world gets to. I think that's one of the biggest mistakes that people can make. One...  the largest things that hold people back from wealth is to people around them. Not only because of the mindsets of the people around them, but also trying to find people around you who you can truly actually trust is difficult. It's difficult man. I'm telling you, if you get 20 people, 20 full grown men in a room and they can trust each other completely and nobody's out to snake anyone, even if all 20 are working normal jobs, but they pool their spare income, you will be rich. You'll be fine. The problem is fine in 20 people you can trust. 20 people with normal jobs, even with normal jobs, you could pool your spare income, you could buy crypto currencies, you could buy houses, you could do whatever you want to do, and you would find a way to escape the matrix, at least maybe not to the insane levels, but you'd all be comfortable, right? By just pooling incomes. The problem is one of them 20 is going to snake you. One of them 20 is what his woman is going to leave him and he's going to get fucked over here, you get fucked over by extension. One of them 20, his wife will be in her ear, you're always out with them boys, you can't be with them anymore. The woman gets involved, so I'm messing it all up. So it's hard.  People don't understand that the entire world, the most valuable thing on the planet today is human capital. Even the people at the very, very tough echelons of life, all they care about is controlling people. The people who are in charge of governments and stuff, all they care about is controlling people, making sure you do what they want you to do. I don't want to get too political and talk about Epstein's Island and the Lightcraft. But once you get to a certain level of money, all they want is people. People are the most important thing. You can't have a business without people. You can't have a government without people. You don't have anything without people. So I don't see why you wouldn't have the people you're born with who share blood with and just do a handshake as men and say, okay, let's not fuck each other over, let's get rich. Because now you're doubling your manpower, right? You're doubling up. So I think that I always will always close with my brother and he's always been close with me because we are a team and you need to have a team. And if you have a team, you stand a better chance. It's player versus player out here, man. It's on the street. It's not easy for every dollar you make, for every pound you take, you're took it from someone else. You don't make money, you take money. People don't understand the way the money works. You're not the Federal Reserve, you can't create...  money from thin air. Every single pound in your bank is money you took from someone else. And when I say take, I don't mean in a negative way. You might have convinced them to give it to you. You might have a coffee shop. I'll give you a nice coffee. You'll give me some money. Cool. But you still took his money, right? So if you're out here trying to take stuff from other people, don't you want to have a team? You want to do it by yourself? You want to be Rambo? Because you get two of you doing it. You get two of you. That's right. So the whole idea of this lone soldier, this Rambo, I'll do it all by myself. That's all dead, bro. You need to have a team. It's player versus player. And for the same reason if you were out here on the street and you wanted to defend yourself, you want your boys around you. It's the same thing we try to get rich. The problem is, it's trying to find guys on your level. That's the hard part, right? So you're interested in boys being close in? We've always been closest to beginning. Every single battle, either of us have the face we face as a team. Yeah. And our battle to become rich, we face as a team. We sat there and go, okay, we are going to get rich. It doesn't matter if I, if right now, I'm going to start this business and I ain't going to make any money. So you're going to work away, G-Jobs, so we have somewhere to live. And I'm going to focus on this as a team, right?  So at least we have somewhere to live. If I'm working with you, Joel, we can't focus on the business. If we're both trying the business, we have nowhere to live, et cetera. So we've always worked as a team. We've doubled up our manpower. And I think a lot of men understand this. And intrinsically, we'd like the idea of this. But a lot of the time, women getting away, I've seen it a million times where I've seen women getting away of partnerships like that so many times. Because women don't like you having a strong masculine network because then you don't need them. They want you to need them. I'll help you. I'll be your partner. That's the biggest mistake. You're going to get me started. Biggest mistake you can make is a man is start trying to start business with your wife or some shit. Because now you've got two different battles on the relationship you're trying to be in control of. And I deal with the business as well. Now it's different if you run the business and you hire her. And she does a little bit admin. Cool. That's fine. But I'm talking about, let's say 50, 50 business, but let's say your chick goes, I want to open a beauty salon. And you pay for her to open a beauty salon. And now this beauty salon, you've put a million dollars of your money in it. And it's not open on a Thursday. And why isn't open on Thursday? I had a hair.  I'm not a headache. You mean you're not a headache, bro, I just got a million. Yeah, but Claire's sick and I have a headache. And now you got the relationship, it's all messed up. This bitch is lazy. She thought it'd be a sex in the city episode where she just drinks lattes and makes money. And she realized she had to actually do shit. You know what I mean? It's all getting messy there. When you're with your boys and you can get less than you invest a million in something, it's not open on Thursday. You can order stuff and say, what the fuck's wrong with you? Tell me a bitch, you're a man. You could just say, look, we need to open. You can't do that with chicks, it's hard. So even now I've got 45 people who work for me and not single one is a female, not one. Well, women don't need money. This is the thing. I mean, there are women out there who say they need to get the bag and all this crap. I think it's very masculine mindset for a female to have. Women don't really need money. Not to the extent a man needs money. I understand they need to live and they say it's expensive to get their nails done blah, blah, blah, blah. But they don't need a nice car. They don't need a nice place to even live. They don't need to pay for bottle bills or table spends and none of these things. They don't need any of that if they're attractive. So being attractive in and of itself is a curse.  I don't really, I don't know if this idea of ugly even then is worked because let's say a girl, right? Goes to the gym every day. Her body is banging. Her hair is long and it's nice and it's maintained. Sure, and her nails are done. She got a nice manicure. She got sunglasses on. She's dressed up nice. She got a little dress on. She's got heels on. She's walking on the street. It's hard to be ugly. You know what I mean? Like you might only be a six, but you're all right. Like dude, still wanting. Still bangable. You still bitch. You know what I'm saying? It's very hard as a chick to become unbangable. If you're trying your best, unless you fully give up. Unless you give up. So I think the path for because we have to not conflate in confused issues here. What we're actually talking about is status. We're not talking about money. We're talking about status. Men want money because we want to be high status males. Females want to be high status females. They don't need money to do that. They can do that purely through their estates. So if I was a woman, thank God I'm not. So I think I'd be a terrible existence. But if I was a woman, I would understand, okay, I want to be the highest state of state.  I can I need to I need to look good I need to look gorgeous and get a banging Instagram profile I'm a high-status now now billionaires want to talk to me for a billionaire to want to talk to us We need money. It's not the whole you know I'm saying like if you see if there's a billionaire's boat the chicks who get on that boat don't have to be anything other than pretty That is it for us to go on that boat We have to be connected important rich interesting got no people. We got a network. It's hard So what I'm saying is if you're looking for status whether as a male or a female there's different paths I don't think a rich female is a high-status female if you're to take a woman Who's unattractive, but she had a bunch of money? No one's gonna look her and go wow. No, it's gonna give a shit. I don't care. She's busted. I'm interested I can give you the 19 year old brokey with the big titties. That's that's the one I want to talk to so Women can access money and women can access high-status men via their aesthetics So I think that's a much more intelligent way for a female to increase her stays now I know this is gonna upset everyone. Do you want me sitting there going? You're saying women are only good for how they look?  Well all this other crap. I'm not saying that. I'm saying that women are judged instantly on how they look Just like men are judged instantly on our status how rich we are the car we turn up in the table We're sitting at. Yeah, that's the real world now. Maybe you have more than just some big kits Maybe you also a nice person's unlikely, but maybe you are but that's but we're just talking about status games here Right. Yeah, so any woman who's dedicating herself to hustling instead of dedicating herself to the gym is making a mistake but truthfully we're living in a world now where the two things that the webcam business really is selling Is it selling attention? Just the first day we live in an attention economy and also it's selling information it's selling It's a service right. It's not a physical product So I sat there and I understood that even if I launched my webcam business divided brand new girl I have to she has to get attention right people have to know as she exists to want to spend money on her So you have to be an expert at soliciting attention then once you get the attention you have to find a way to monetize it So the girl would monetize it by sitting there talking away You could advertise her and spend money. That's all advertising is getting attention  for money, right? So I understood a bunch of things and when I closed that business and I closed it because I couldn't be bothered with the female headache anymore, I still very much understood. Any business not going to launch from now on out, I need to find a way to get attention. Not a negative way, not an attention seeking way, but that's what advertising is. How do I get attention in the world today, which is difficult. And then once I get that attention, how do I monetize it? Because that's the world we now live in. Rihanna, when she launches a makeup brand, no one buys it because of the makeup. They buy it because it's Rihanna. She has attention. She can monetize it any way she chooses. Rihanna can launch a fucking clothing brand, makeup, sofas, who cares? Rihanna. She's going to sell, right? So that proves that we now live in an economy. We live in a world where the most valuable currency, the most valuable thing that exists is attention. It's extremely difficult to get because people's attention spans are lower than ever. Yep. Bro, they're not existing. Have you ever watched someone on TikTok? Watched. Next time someone's on TikTok, watch them because I don't have a TikTok account myself. I see people on it. How long do they...  give a video to interest them. Maybe a third of a second. They're like, that quick. If you don't get my attention and not point two five seconds, I'm not interested, right? That's how hard it is now. So, and it's getting harder and harder because the apps and the algorithms are retraining our brains to do that. So now we live in a world where if you can find a way to hack these algorithms and you can find a way to get attention and there's lots of different ways to do that, then you can find a way to monetize it and off the back of that, you can become a very, very wealthy individual. And when I say modern wealth creation methods, it's because a lot of the wealth creation methods that you're going to hear from older people simply don't work. Such as property. Yeah, property. I mean, of course, the old guy is going to sit there and go save your money, put it in a savings account, get a mortgage. Bro, of course that worked for you. You put money in a savings account getting 4% interest. Now they won't give us 1%. You put your money in a savings account. You bought a house for 85 grand. Now it's worth half a mill. And at the time you bought it for 85 grand, you'll probably earn a 30 grand a year. Now I'm earning 40 grand a year. The house is called  10 times more. I get no interest on my money. So everything you're telling me is outdated. It doesn't work anymore. If you're going to follow the path that your parents follow, you're not going to ever become rich. You need modern ways to make money, modern wealth creation. And I won't say what all 18 are, but we teach them inside of Hustle University because there are ways to make money in the modern world, which no one in your school is going to teach you, which no other older people are going to know they're going to talk about. There's a lot of ways to do it. And one of them is monetizing attention. So what you just said in regards to the affiliate section is one of the 18 ways. I have, there's a 16 year old kid making 45 grand a month from his TikTok because all he's done is he's gone into Hustle University. He's joined. He say, okay, how do I get attention? I'm 16. I'm not a flawless orator. I don't have a life or life experiences, which are interesting enough to be used in a podcast, which you're going to ever allow people to pay attention to me. But take does. So let me go and find all of Tate's old stuff. Let me chop it up. Let me make a tick.  talk for take that gets attention. How do I monetize attention? Now people are on my page. How do I monetize it? Well, I could take my referral link. I'm in H.U. Here they can sign up 50% off my link. Boom. So he's taken attention, the attention to eye generate. It always runs chop-ups from TikTok. Let's monetize it. And he's been in 45 around a month. Do 16. That's my. So like it's crazy. So there's so much money that can be made, but you have to find a way to get attention in the first place, right? That's a hard part. And if you look at a lot of companies, so many of them have huge profit margins, they have to spend all their money on advertising to sell any product. And then the margin gets wrecked because they have to get attention in the old fashioned way, which is advertising. And that's a very expensive way to get attention. You need to find another way now. And it's difficult. That's that is the only hurdle between being broke and bringing a billionaire attention. How do you get it without embarrassing yourself and being a jackass? Because no one buys some a clown, right? So me, I'm lucky because I've had a very, very eclectic life and I'm good at speaking and I have a good memory and I have a lot of stories and I can sit and tell people and I can talk in a way.  that make people know I know what I'm talking about. So that's how I get attention, right? But if you don't even have that, then it's difficult. It's hard. You gotta find a way. And I don't exist in a vacuum. The educational system exists in a vacuum because the loans that they'll give you you can only spend on that education. If they were to open it up to fair market, nobody would go university. They'd just say here's 50 G's. You can buy Bitcoin, you can start a business, you can put a house to pause it, or you can buy a degree. Who's gonna choose a degree? No one. So they deliberately link the loan to the education and say you could only have one with the other because they don't exist in a fair and open economy because they wouldn't be able to succeed in a fair and open economy because they are selling a scam. They're selling a lie. I exist in a fair and open economy. You don't have, you've spent $49 with HU. You can spend that on anything else. You can go buy Snickers and people are saying Bitcoin's a scam. People are saying, like the people are saying some of the most fundamental, rudimentary, new financial systems on the planet, like the blockchain are a scam. There's always someone who's gonna say some things are scam. There's some people who are negative. And the reason that people are negative like that is because it is a...  they're lazy. If they say something is a scam, they don't have to try. Right? If they have to, I'm not saying he's going to instantly make you rich. You have to work like you do on anything else of value. You have to get in there and try. If they get in there and they don't want to try, what's the first thing I'm going to say? Scam, I joined. He told me to do something. It takes an hour and a half. I'm lazy. Scam. That's it. That's 16 year old kid making 45 grand. He's making TikToks all day every day. He's working. He ain't getting money for free. He's sitting there finding videos, chopping them up, making them entertaining, adding the fucking titles that he's working for. A lot of people with no money are really, really arrogant. I know a lot of broke people who are very arrogant. They'll come along and go, I think that's a scam. Oh, do you, broky? Oh, broky thinks that's a scam. Oh, tell me again about how my online educational platform, the biggest in the world, which I've built, when I'm flying around in my private jet. Tell me again about how I'm out here to scam you, if you're fucking 36 pounds. It's dumb because they're arrogant. And their arrogance is a shield for their laziness. People.  People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard, I work smart. Ballocks, more cover. Anything it takes to say, I don't wanna work. Do you believe in that work, small or no huddle? I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something until all the hard work's done. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmo's gonna smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some god-given gift. You understand? You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go, I work smart, I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for...  12 hours a day and get 12 times to work done. I am absolutely and early a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life does work. This podcast is work. I'm getting the car and went to another meeting work. I'm gonna fuck a bitch. That's work. She's gonna be on my arm at the fucking can on the film festival. That's more credibility. I consider it work to fuck her. That's work. I'm gonna go to the gym so I'm in good shape work. It's all work. My entire life does work. And people don't want to look at life that way. They want to talk about work, life balance, and being lazy and all this crap. I don't believe in any of that. I believe in if you want to win, you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work. It's player versus player. If you're gonna sit there and go, I don't want to work more than an hour a day. Well, the guy who does want to work more than an hour a day is gonna beat you. And no matter how smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And this is why we talk about things like passive income. Passive income is a fucking scam. I'm tired of people. I'm tired of people coming to me saying, I want to make passive income. I'm, look, everyone loves passive money, right? I make money.  as I sleep. I get it. You need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money you run out of time you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles. My point is if you have no money and you're coming to me saying I want to make passive income, why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first because there's no such thing as completely truly 100% passive. You're gonna have to check on it, you have to maintain it, you're gonna have to find a new tenant for that property, you're gonna have to make sure that DeFi crypto farm, you're in, doesn't go to zero, it's not a rub pull. You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right? But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is amazing to me. You should be worried about active income. If you show me, if I'm a broken and you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour. I don't sit there and go, okay, but how can I make that passive? I go, cool, I make a eighteen thousand dollars a day because I'm gonna work. You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time.  Look at passive income, because I have 18 hours a day I work. When all 18 of those hours are done and my workload still isn't finished, I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive, either via staff or whatever else. And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time and when all my time is done, now I have to become more efficient so that I can get more done within the same time frame. To sit there and say, I don't want to use my time so I want passive income is dumbass, is dumb shit. The 16 year old making 45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me though, I don't want to make the tip talks. I want someone else to make it passive that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working. You have to just work. Some point of the bite the bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me talking about passive income and they're a broke you, I'm like, you are just lazy. You are lazy. You'll never get anywhere. Lazy people never get anywhere in life, doesn't matter what it is, they never get tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never going to get it. But also diversification becomes very easy when you have a good team. It's amazing. Every single thing I talk about ties back to things I've already talked about before. We talk about having good people around you, right? So how can I run all these casinos while I'm not even there? I've got people around me who can do things for me. I've got a good team of people.  If you start with a good team, you're gonna make it. You're really, that's really true. Brotherhood in and of itself is so valuable. If you sit around with 20 people and none of them are lazy and none of them are snakes, you're gonna be fine. So you need to have people, you can, you know, send, give this guy's in charge of this thing. That guy's in charge of this thing. They're gonna get people with different roles, different roles. Absolutely. Absolutely. You gotta have a team, you gotta have a network. And my network is so strong, that's one of the big advantages I have. I have people around me who I can genuinely seriously try. I think the world is a violent place. I think there's violence all around us. I think that I view the world in a violent way. And I don't mean that in a negative context. I say a lot of things that people take them as negative, but I see them as positive. Like I say I'm an angry person and people that imagine me to be like, I'm happy. I'm super happy, but I'm angry. Angri is motivating to me. You can't sleep if you're angry, so you gotta work. So I'm an angry guy, but I'm a happy guy. And I see the world is a violent place. I've always seen it as a violent place. If most people look at a tree, they see a beautiful tree.  right? If I look at a big strong beautiful tree, I think he must have fucked up every other little sapling around him. He took all the water, took all the nutrients, he destroyed them all. There was once 20 trees and all 19 are dead and they got one tree left, the big G, top G tree, top tree. That's it. That's violence. Violence got him there, right? He destroyed his enemy. That's how we go to the top. You see a beautiful tree, I see violence. You understand? And that's the true nature of the universe. You have to learn that you have to take things from other people. And by taking it, I'm not saying go rob a bank. I'm not saying that. I'm saying completely the opposite. You can be a philanthropist. I'm taking money from everyone inside of H.U. But I'm changing their lives. It's a good thing. You can take money in a positive way. Most people don't look at the light, look at life that way. And when you look at life that way, you need to start identifying. One of the things we teach you to start of H.U. is to identify every single time your money is taken from you. So I say this to people. I say for the next two weeks, every time.  You spend money even if it's a pound right down how they got it from you Now what do you mean? I'm like all right cool. You're walking down the street. You're going to Starbucks you buy coffee Why did they take your money? Well, I want a coffee. Yeah, but how okay? You want a coffee, right? Cool Did you only want a coffee because you saw Starbucks or do you want a coffee beforehand? Why did you want their coffee and not another coffee? Did you buy a cake as well? Why did you buy a cake? All right cool? So now you identified how they took your money then realize how they could have took more of your money You bought a cake but you didn't buy sandwich why the sandwiches weren't on display or they look cold They look rubbish or the woman who was serving me was old ugly Maybe she was a young QE and talked to me about below me sandwiches were involved right so you just start identifying how your money is taken from you Because once you identify how your money is taken from you You can start to actually intelligently think about how you can take money from other people if I had to open a Coffee shop if I sit in a coffee shop right by sitting Starbucks the whole time I'm in there Not only am I thinking about how they got the money from me and how much I spent I think about how I could outcompete them That's it. They're okay cool. I'm in Starbucks. I spent five pounds sixty eight  I got a latte and I got a donut and I'm sitting here and that business place that that commercial property right across the street is Available for lease. How could I outcompete this coffee shop which just took my money? What's the profit margin on this 5.68? How much it just cost them the coffee pennies? Don't up 30 p. Maybe right how much is the staff they pay the staff minimum wage eight pound an hour? So I've already paid half I've already paid 30 minutes work from that broken the way she's there for the not 30 minutes of free Right How much is the rent how much is the business rates? If I'd open up there, how would I attract people to come into my shop as opposed to their shop? They got a big brand name on brand new. Okay, well the bitch working here's ugly my one's gonna be hot boom That's the beginning next thing today. Have any signers outside? No, I'm gonna try and put some signers outside Do they have parking? No, I need parking but we just start thinking about how you can convince people to give you their money as Supposed to give it to the places they already give it different. I literally and once you do that people say I can't think of how to make money If you start doing that for a year and just keep a notepad you'll have a hundred ideas of how to make money You'll sit there and go there's a place here  doing this and we could do a better this way. This place online is doing this, we can do a better this way. And then to get them all done, what do you need? Network, you need people. It's all about people. Then you need either go in the war room, if you wanna join, or have your people around you and say, okay, we can make money with this. Who's gonna do it? Who's not lazy? Who's gonna put 4 a.m. tomorrow? Boom, let's get it done. So there's unlimited ways to make money, but most people go through life and their money is taken from them and they don't even identify how they got tricked out of it. They just have, yeah, they just have, how did I spend 16 grand in a circle last night? Oh, because my ass got drunk. How did they get me drunk? Well, because the guy, when I first bought the first bought La Champagne was there on the table, pouring, pouring, pouring, putting in my hand, got my drunk, then I spent 16 grand on balls. That's how they got my money. So if I open a club, I need to make sure when people first come in, they get fucking hammered. Nobody thinks about it that way. Nobody thinks how did they get that out of me? Right, why am I spending $2,000 for dinner and nava call? Is it the food or is it the fact that I'm a nava call and tag myself a nava call? You have to identify how you're getting famosed, how you're getting f-  That's how you do it. Most people just walk through life, getting finesse, fluff right and set her, give it all their money up. And I'm like, oh, how did that happen? You got to learn to finesse other people. Yeah, but it's not finesse in a negative way. It's in a good way. It's a good way. You have to take money from other people. That's the only way you're gonna make money. You have to take it. There's a, there's a pimpe. And he said a really intelligent line. He said, business is just other people's money. That's all business here. I want to start a business. So you want other people's money. That's what you want. So how are you gonna give it to you? You have to think about it. Nobody thinks about it. And the easiest way to think about it is to think how you're giving yours away. That's a mental model you should adopt. And you'll end up below to business ideas. Business ideas are everywhere. It's just execution, which is difficult. I have a massive aspect for Islam because they have principles which they refuse to bend on. And we live in a world now where every single principle is being constantly bent and broken. And I like to see a fundamental, or I like to see a mental model which is rigid. There's nothing left rigid anymore. The law isn't rigid. Christianity isn't rigid. Like the only thing you can sit there and say, they will not bend or they will not break.  is Islam. So I have absolute respect for them because it's just a man, but it's just a masculine imperative. It's just a masculine mindset to have. And as a man, I respect people who say what they mean, mean what they say. Those are the rules. Oh, you don't like it tough. And besides Islam, there's not much of that left in the world now. Now everything is just bending and breaking and it's making it up. Like I think Christianity is a joke. I think it's a joke of a religion. If someone were to ask me my religion, I would have to say if I was to find God, it would have to be via Islam because how am I going to go to a Christian church when they got gay pastors and shit? The Bible says, no, when you're just ignoring it, what is this? It's not even a thing. Like to me, it's a joke of a religion. Now I think it's a joke. So if you're going to bend all your own rules, if you're going to be tolerant of everything and stand for nothing, then I don't think you have any. What's actually happening is that the New World Order and people who are in charge of the world are using certain agendas to enforce, to enforce, they're using them as a disguise to enforce  Understand it's like the green new deal they come along and say global warming global warming global warming They pretend it's about the planet are really it's about just raising taxes to the sky locking in your house Taking your car away. They don't give you shit about the planet. It's a disguise So the people who are in charge of the world are using certain agendas which they don't want you to argue against to sneak in a bunch of other legislation a bunch of other rules and the whole Pro gay acceptance thing is exactly the same. It's nothing to do with gays the people in charge of world Don't care about anyone but themselves. They don't care about you whether you're gay or straight But not interested what they're interested in doing is controlling the minds of people and affecting the way people operate in a way Which is beneficial to them. I don't want to get too political on this podcast to say what they're really doing Because the video get taken down but anyone who has a brain who wants to go and find out you will find out that all this green agenda They're pushing has nothing to do with the environment all this gay stuff. They're pushing has nothing to do with gay people It's all to do with control people in charge of the world want more control if they gave a shit about global warming and rising sea levels Why does every single multi-millionaire and billionaire buy a house on the beach the first place they buy the  mention. But don't we're all going to drown next year. You're polished. It's a lie. It's all a lie. They don't care. But by saying that, now there's carbon credits, carbon limits, you can't drive your car past 8 PM because of the environment. You can't eat meat anymore because of the environment. Stay home, eat the bugs, be a slave, be a slave, be a slave. Every single government in the world is interested in control that's all they've ever wanted. That's all they ever want more of. Governments want control. They want to control their populist. They think of us as sheep. We're cattle to them. They want us to comply. They don't want our individuality. They don't want us to think for ourselves. They want us to just sit there and obey like robots. So every single one of them is slowly inching day by day, pushing the limits, taking as much control as they can from the people to the people who revolve. And do it slowly and incrementally, they get away with a lot. And that's what they're doing. And they're all inching towards communism, which is what they want in the end, because communism is the governmental system that allows us the most control over the world. People sit there and go, Oh, no, the governments don't want communism. The governments want free enterprise because governments want money and governments want you are everyone to be rich.  They want people to be wealthy. This is beyond money that the people in charge of the world printing the money They don't care about about money. They don't care about economies. They don't care about taxes all these things are Broke-consideration when you print the money. Do you give a shit if the economy's good or bad? You print the money You don't care what you care about is when you click your fingers to people obey you That's what they want. They want power. Oh, yeah That's what it's really about the whole world's about power So when when someone comes on TV and tells me I'm supposed to believe something You need to believe this about the planet. You need to believe this about the gauge you need to believe this about this virus We need to believe this I sit there and I look at it and go. Why do you want me to believe this? Do you think why it's a lot and and and sorry, sorry I'm gonna start now. Sorry, bro. It's like why do you want me to believe this? Do you want me to believe this because it's good for me or is it because it's good for you? Are the rules made for the benefit of me or are they made for the benefit of the people who make the rules and you sit there and you Understand that all of it is programming all of it is a lie They want you to believe things that are not true like go to university getting debt sit there  You know learn a degree that they want to believe all this crap so that you are as enslaved as they can make you This is all they want and I understand that so whenever they come along with anything this is not this is not about gay people as a Whole don't give a shit any agenda. They try and push on me. I know Is not for my benefit. I know it. So I so I reject basically all of it like you look at Tyson Fury, right? How can you not respect the heavyweight champ gypsy king G? Right and he was talking about how he was depressed and how he He fought his way out of it and everything huge respect for the guy He was depressed and the only way he fall and beat his depression was one day he got up Grabbed himself by the bootstraps got in the gym became back became the champ again brought himself back to the former champion He was he did it himself, right? And I think that that's really the only way any of these things can be beat I think if I were to talk to Tyson or Tyson were to talk to anybody. He'd say the same thing He'd say look and to the day even if you're struggling It's you that's gonna have to get up and get the work done and change your  life. I think that a lot of the help, which is being purported now by the system, by the matrix, isn't designed to help. I think it's designed to keep people in this state of depression because when you're depressed, you're submissive. You don't care about what happens to you, you're depressed. Depressed people aren't going to riot against a new law or against COVID tyranny because they're depressed. They're too busy. They're at home when they're sad. I think that keeping everybody in a degree of semi-neutral depression, semi-sad is good for their ability to control all of us. So when they go on the TV and say, you're depressed, it's a disease, you can't fix it. There's nothing you can do about it. It's not your fault. I think they're just trying to reinforce in your mind that you're never going to get better. I think if they really cared, they'd say, like Tyson Fury says, you're depressed, but you can beat this. You can do this. I don't hear them saying that very often. They just sit there and say, everyone's depressed and it's normal, except it. I don't accept that. I don't accept that. I don't think people should sit there and accept that they're sad. Change it. I think only you can change it. That's what I do. If there's a, if there's an advantage to only having one female, which I'm sure there are some, I can name them  then yeah, that's the decision I'll make. If I think there's, if I think there's a managed having more than one, then that's the decision I'm going to make. Some people really need a female in their life because they need that kind of stability and direction and motivation. I'm not that guy. I do not need a woman to tell me to go work. I do not need her to tell me to put the video games down. I do not need to be cooked for and mothered. Like, it's nice if she does, but I'll survive. I did all this myself. I'll be okay. Like, the menial tasks you complete, I can hire somebody to do. It's not a big deal. I absolutely believe in love. I believe in family. I believe having kids is an amazing thing. But does that mean I'm ever going to live the completely traditional I'm at home. wife says come home. That's never going to happen. That's not who I am as a man. If I have a woman who I love with all my heart and we have children, I'm still going to be out until whenever the fuck I'm out. I might be gone two weeks. I'm out. See you. See you in two weeks. If during those two weeks, I meet a big, big, you, whatever it is, it is what it is. Doesn't mean I don't love my woman at home. Doesn't mean I'm not going to come back to her. But I'm just true to, I'm just true to my instinct as a man. I don't think I should apologize for it. I think a lot of people are socially  In addition to apologize for things, that's not me. Society says I should do X. Well, society says I should do a bunch of dumb shit. But, everything society tells me to do is wrong. So now society's gonna sit here and say that I'm a bad person. And if I fall in love with a woman, we have a child. I take care of her financially. She's safe, the child's safe. I love them both. I spend time with them. And sometimes I'm away with my brother and there's a couple chicks around. Does that make me a horrible person? According to society, get fucked. Don't care. I do what I want. That's what I want to do at the time. That's what I'm gonna do. My kids are broke. They are brokeies. Yeah. Yeah, cause they ain't gonna get the lessons in the other way. You know what? It's actually different. So if I had a daughter, my number one concern wouldn't be spoiling her. So I think spoiling a chick isn't even a bad thing really. I don't think it affects their mentality nearly as much as a man. But the problem with spoiling a woman is, if she has too much access to money, a man's gonna get hold of it. I've been around, bro. I know. If, let's say I had a daughter, she's 18, and she has access to much money. Her boyfriend, whoever the fuck he is, if he has any game.  Any game is gonna be in the club on my money driving her fast car with no insurance No, I'm saying she'll be buying him nice presents and shit. So that one noise about the chick So she can't have any money because I want some fucking side dude getting yeah my son ain't gonna get any money because I don't want him Losing his hunger. I want him to grow up broke I want him to go through all the struggles I went through I want him to suffer I want him to have that fire now I I had some major disadvantages to the fact that I had absolutely zero access to money my family was completely broke So I will give him some advantages Let's say like when I was a fighter and I was fighting I couldn't pay the rent if my son when he wins his fight I'll give him a financial bonus myself for winning. He still has to go win Yeah, you know what I'm saying my kids are not gonna be born into any kind of wealthy environment and in any kind of money When I have children, I probably won't even raise them in a western country because I think western countries are soft Probably if I have boys I want them growing up in deep Russia All it's cool. Yeah  like in the mountains with the goats, like just running in the snow barefoot. Could be one. Yeah, well monsters. That's what I want. I don't see the point and I'll have to send them to some private school to sit around, bunch of fucking talks. I don't see that. I think the best education in the world comes from the streets and comes from hardship. I don't think a private school can teach my kids anything that I can't teach them or that they actually need to know. So when I have children, their lives will be very, very hard. And I also think that a father's job, this kind of ties back into what I was saying earlier when you're saying about having one woman in a family except I think a father's job is to be a role model, not a second mother. A lot of fathers think that they're a good father because they're home every day. I'm not saying it does spend time with their kids, but I think you're also a good father if you live a life of exceptional, exceptionality in that you lay a blueprint for your children to want to follow. My sons are going to grow up and see me and how I live and want to be like me. That means they're going to have to need certain attributes, right? If I'm home every day, changing diapers, it's not the same. You know, my dad was barely around, but he was a superhero. And I wanted to be like a superhero. So it's not so much about with a female.  with a mother, it's about the quantity of time. With a father, I really think it's about the quality of time. The mother does, diapers, the food, the basic tenets of life, right? But the true exceptionalism's gonna come from the father and to do that, you need to be a role model. And if that means you have to be out, conquer in the world, you're gonna be out conquer in the world, so it goes. I have a show-biz version, like I don't walk around my house with my chick, talking about the matrixes out to enslaved us, right? She knows it. I've said it a few times. She already knows the story. So it's just me and her. I don't have to sit her down and say, listen, bitch, you went to school, you're a dumbass. I don't have to do that, right? There's a time and a place. Yeah. But it's all very real. These are the things I say, these are the things I believe. These are the things I talk about in my private networks. I just don't talk about them. Here, to public, I don't talk about them nearly as deeper as advanced. Amongst my private networks, I like to talk about them at a much more intricate level, because to the normies, to the brokenies, they're not ready to listen to it. The matrix, they say in the movie, people who are still dependent on the system will fight to defend the system. There are people who I'll sit there and say.  to them. Look, your university degrees is a scam. They lied to you. I will show you how to make money. And their reply will be, no, I went to a good university. They are desperate. No, that degree means something. You work in Gregg's team doesn't mean in shot up. They don't, they won't accept it. Right. So certain people are not ready for the truth. People who are ready for the truth seek it and they find it. And those are the people I talk to inside of the war room in Husses University. I talk to them. I watch deeper level. But yeah, this is all very, very real. I have a show biz version of myself because in the world we live in today, you need to be able to get information across compendiously and precisely. No one has an intention span. So I'm very good at talking quickly and talking quickly without mistakes and getting my points across and using analogies. I'm very good with analogies. This is all I wouldn't say it's rehearsed, but it's very conscious because I have a lot to say, right? I can't sit here and money because no people are going to watch it. Right. So it, people will probably look at me and think it's fake. It's not fake. It's just a matter of me understanding how things need to be done. And as a professional, I do things as a professional.  I'm on a podcast, I'm going to be professional, I'm going to get as much information across as possible. And my mind works quicker in my mouth. I'm lucky, I'm smart. So that's how it goes. I think that the societal path they've laid out for most men is a sad one. I think that all men like the idea of conquest and like the idea of being high status and being rich and they're telling you that you shouldn't be those things and you shouldn't do those things, you should just go to school, get a wife, sit at home, happy wife, happy life, and it's depressing and it's unhappy. And I promise everyone that there is a degree of happiness, but as a man, that happiness comes from freedom and freedom does require money at some level. And you're going to have to get out there and get paid if you want to be free as an individual and once you're free, you're going to be happy. But you know what, there's this is another thing about money. I'm going to say, I'm going to complain. This is going to upset all the broken's at home. There's nothing to fucking buy. Like you buy three or four diamond watches, you buy a couple suits, you buy some cars, what else is it to buy? You end up just spunking it on bottle shows and 10 thousand dollar stakes. There's nothing to buy. You can go on holiday and travel blah, blah, blah. But if you're actually looking for physical.  items, things to own and buy. There ain't much to buy. Okay, you can buy property, but property is a funny one for me because I'm very anti-governmental as a person and I think that property is one of the big tools the matrix uses to enslave. To keep you in the system. Completely, man. You buy a $10 million house in whatever country. You don't want to piss off the government of that country. Yeah, but say you lose that house. Yeah. There's a lot of people who talk about passive income and we'll talk about passive income because I think that's the biggest scam on the planet. The idea of passive income in and of itself is a lot. You have to put some of the plus go to see that. Bro, bro, yeah, no, like that was all I want passive income. Well, of course you do. Everyone wants passive income, but tell me how you're going to get it because only having tenants is not passive income. Ask anybody who has tenants. It's fucking headache, right? Yeah. If I have a house XYZ, I've got to make sure it's looked after, not broken into the electricity is on, it's cleaned. I got to get someone on the ground. My system's got to deal with it. Now it's just got to be something to deal with. And once I got a bunch of money, what I really wanted more than anything was freedom. There's a bunch of these real high level crypto guys. You know what I think?  guys who invented the theory of them and all that long. The autistic guys, they don't own anything. And I kind of get that. I'm at the point now where they have a backpack of their possessions and if they want a house, they rent it. They want a Lambo, they rent it. If I need to go somewhere, rent, rent, rent, rent, I don't own anything. I don't have any hassle. Nothing's in my name. No government can take anything from me. You know, you get to a point of wealth where you kind of start thinking, do I want to have all this crap now I deal with? Really, you want peace of mind. And I have enough troubles in my head. I don't need to be worried about my mansion and sent a monocoat which has been broken into. And I don't even go there. Do you know what I mean? It's just long. So that's that. And then also what I was saying earlier about property being a tool to the matrix. If you buy a 10 or 20 million dollar property under a government, you can't piss that government off. You can't disagree with that government. You can't, if the tax authority of that government says you owe the money, you better fucking pay it. We're gonna lose a house. Right. If they say you better take an injection in your arm for the good of society, you better take your vaccine, you better put your mask on. You can't afford, you can't even get parking ticket, Mike.  I'm in England right now. I don't only ask this in England, right? And I pull up in the DBS. Have you ever seen James Bond look for parking? No, fuck no. He parks up and gets out. So what I do, park out, boom, get out. I don't look for parking. They put a tick on the DBS. Let's say I decide not to pay that. Right? What they gonna do? I don't have any assets in the UK. They're gonna make a bunch of letters. Send it to a bay lift. Bay lift is gonna drive around the UK. I don't even live here. Boom. It's over, right? If I had a 20 million pound house eventually is gonna go the 60 pound becomes 120 120. 120 becomes 240. Bay lift comes two grand, three grand boom, boom, boom, boom, just to the point where they're gonna take my 20 million pound house off me. Maybe it takes three years, but they will over a parking ticket. So by buying that property, you're now giving all of the government a way to hurt you. You're giving them a leverage over you. Now, I'm at the point of wealth now. I have enough hidden money. Why don't want any government to have any leverage over me? I want the government to say, Andrew, we don't like you. You say, get fucked. You're not safe. All right, I won't come then. Bye. And that's the problem with property. Properly is a tricky one.  I know you can make money with it, but you have to understand that you're they'll use it against you, man It's a leverage so I always knew I want to escape the matrix before I escape it Let me tell you why if COVID has not woke people up in the last three years I don't know what's wrong with the government came along closed your business down by force forced you to have a medical procedure You didn't want made you stay in your house and cover your face With oh because of something with a 99.9% fucking survivory They come along and literally broke every single rule They broke the Geneva human rights convention every single law that they wrote themselves They just broke them all under the disguise of safety more people committed suicide from mental health issues or more people died from Miss doctor's appointments for real injured for real diseases because of this crap They came along and did it because they were told to buy someone above the government because the government's not even in charge of anything And and now they've got another gone back to normal and what things are not gonna do it again for some other reason You think across the next 30 years are gonna come back with some new shit? Fuck them Next time when they come along with this crap. I'm out. I'm bouncing. See ya when they did this I went to Sweden. Sweden was open  whole time. Sweden never locked down. I was in clubs and stalk home. Well, everyone else was here locked in their houses, clapping for the NHS like a jackass. I was in the night club. No masks, no vaccine, no lockdown, nothing. Run around with Swedish chicks. So I just run to freedom, right? But if I had, let's say, a big property within the UK, I can't just say fuck the UK. So once you escape the matrix and you try and find a way to get your wealth outside of the system, then you can exist geographically anywhere. And once you can do that, then laws don't really apply to you. If they made a law in the UK, I was unhappy with. I just leave. And if they made a law in Romania where I live, I'm unhappy with, I would just leave. I don't have to be a law breaker. I don't have to be a criminal. I'll just go somewhere else, right? So property kind of ties you down, things tie you down. And if you look at the real high levels of wealth, if you look at the billionaires and stuff, they're trying to do the same thing. They don't own anything. They have a share in a company which owns a shell company in the Cayman Islands, which owns this subsidiary of a company in Dubai, which owns a boat they can use. It's that. It's that.  Keto. It's the same thing. Get out of the matrix. That's what I was trying to. You're always as an individual. You always have to make a trade-off. And the trade-off is usually between laws and the strength of the government and the judicial system and your safety. Right? This is the usual trade-off. So, Dubai, which I love, and I spend a lot of time in, the judicial system is extremely harsh. The laws are extremely harsh, but it's very, very safe. I'll accept that trade. If you give me a powerful government and a powerful police force, but you give me my safety to wear a $5 million watch, I'll take that all day. But you have countries like America and England where the judicial system and the police are dangerous and they can mess you up. I win, but they don't even give you your safety. So now we scare the cops, arrest them for no reason, and the criminal killing me. So they don't even give me a fair trade-off. So in my view of I'm going to live in a country with a strong judicial system and a strong legal system, I want them to provide me my safety on the street and the safety of my family. And if they don't do that, I don't see why they're seen as so strong. This country is in Africa and Southeast-  the days after with the judicial systems of joke, then fine, the streets aren't safe, the police ain't doing their job, that all makes sense to me, right? When the police are gonna come along and mess you up for not wearing a mask or catch you for speeding and wreck your life, but they can't even offer you safety, then fuck them. So I decided to move somewhere else and there are countries in the world where there's a really interesting delicate balance of a government and a police force which are not strong. And when I'm saying that, I'm not saying I'm breaking the law. I'm not saying it in that way. I'm saying that minor infractions or tiny things are not gonna be persecuted to the end of Earth. Like I wouldn't UK for parking tickets. And this is what I even said, like in Romania you don't get parking tickets. It's just fucking park. You just dump the car, nobody gives you shit, right? So it's just a different way of life over there. But at the same time, Romania and a few other countries in the world, a lot of them are in Eastern Europe. They have a strong morality because they're very religious countries. So although the police are not seen as a strong police force, they're not like the English police, not as well funded, they don't have as fast cars, whatever, whatever. It's actually very safe because people just have a different view of life.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it all adds up. So I moved there purely for small things, bro. kept getting parking tickets, kept getting this, that letter. When you're living in the UK, bro, you got a new letter through your mailbox every day. Someone wants money for something. You did something wrong. Yeah, I had some fun. Yeah, you were breathing that day, give us money. I was just like, fuck, why am I here? Bounce. So I just left and I had really good friends in Romania. I went to visit and ended up staying. But I never thought I'd buy one. But then they tried to keep telling me to put a mask on. I couldn't have it. So I had to get one. And then once you get one, it completely changes how you view the world. Because now you can time travel. If I want to fly to let's say Vienna from here on a normal airplane, let's say the flights at midday, I get to the airport 10 AM, sit around for two hours, fly at 12, land at two, another hour by time I do the passport, get my bag, that my whole day's gone. But if I want to fly to Vienna with my plane, I send a text message, say we're leaving at 12. I get there 1159. We take off at 12. I land in by 1201, the BMW's on the runway. I'm back on the on the motorway. So it literally.  takes two hours. All the other things other side are gone. It takes two hours to get in and out of central London in a car. Yeah. So I can get to Vienna. The same to me going to Vienna now is the same as going to West End. It's like cool. It's an hour, two hours, hour and a half, 30 minutes, whatever it is. So it changes how you view the world. And that's why I end up jumping around all over the place. So my god, something to do here. They're there. There. There. So you just four or five countries in a day sometimes and that's what you're like, bro, let's let's organize this thing. I'm like, I don't even know what I'm doing by six. So next week, Mike Tyson walks in here and tells you he's going to teach you how to box and says you can't fight your pussy. If that upsets you, then you can't learn, right? It's my Tyson. Just shut up and listen. If someone Richard, me comes along and says, Andrew, you don't know shit. You're a dumbass and you're a broken. I'm going to sit there and go, OK, maybe I'm a broken. Elon, tell me something. Right. I'll listen. But if you're going to sit there and go, no, go me names. I'm not listening. You're never going to get anywhere. Right. You don't become you don't become the master unless you're very, very good at being a student. And I've always been very, very good at knowing when to shut up. But I've got to appoint my life now when I'm shut. Yeah, I'm still a student of life.  Right? Nobody knows everything and there's still a lot of people who I respect and will always respect and always I'm quiet around and treat with absolute respect, but I've been learning for a very very long time I've always been very very observant trying to pay a lot of attention and Life really doesn't have to be that complicated when you see somebody that has something you want You just got to try and work out how they got it. Yeah, and that's the missing part Most people see people with things they want and they don't do the second half They don't try and work out how they got that thing. Oh my man as a Ferrari. Okay I wish I had a Ferrari. Okay, they don't sit there and go for an hour. How did you get Ferrari? It doesn't cross that part is the part they don't want to do right? They just go. He has a Ferrari wish I had a Ferrari and they go back to TV Yeah, and that's why they lose When I talk about the matrix I'm talking about the systems which have been created by society Which are deliberately designed to enslave in the movie the matrix were used for our body heat But here in this matrix were used for our efforts and our energies and you're existing inside of a system Which is deliberately rigged to make the rich richer and for the poor to stay poor. Yeah, and  for you can sit there and get upset about it you can sit there and cry about it and say the system needs to change Which is what some people do socialists XYZ, but I think that's not I think I know That's a waste of time right that's futile the best thing to do is to understand the rules of the game and find a way to win So yes the game is rigged yes the Richard are always gonna get richer Yes the poor are always gonna struggle and that's the way the game is set up So you still need to find the best move on the chessboard There's no point sitting there chained I want to play a different games This is never gonna happen because the people with the money other people have to control and they have the power and why would they have the game set up any other way Why would they change it? Yeah, it's also the basic of economics I think a lot of people don't understand the true basics of economics and the basics of economics state that Even giving money to the poor that ends up back in the hands of the rich There's no way to stop the rich getting richer. I've already explained this before but I remember during COVID when they did the stimulus checks And they passed all this free money to everyone a thousand in England they gave a lot more money But in America, I've only like thousand four to dollars each and everyone was happy about it saying oh he's given  money to the poor. Yeah, but what are those poor people spend that money on? They either well Amazon stock tripled because they all went to Amazon. Yeah, so Jeff Bezos got richer. Right. But the fact is that there's less companies than there are people. All those $1400 checks amongst all those people at the bottom ended up getting ended up in the hands of a few companies and the rich got richer and you can't stop it. Doesn't matter if those people invested their money, doesn't matter if they bought stocks, doesn't matter if they bought crypto, doesn't matter if they bought house, whatever. The people who have the assets and have the companies and have the control are always going to end up getting control of the currency and they're always going to be richer. So that's kind of how it works and it's getting worse and worse. It's have nots and have yawts. Yeah, and that's and that's another thing about opportunities, right? Because you have to be positioned to take advantage of opportunities. Yeah. It's like in chess, they say good moves come from good positions. It's true. You can't find a good move from a terrible position, right? If you're sitting at home with no money, it's hard to invest it going out of dollar. No matter what it goes to, right? You've got to be in a good position to take advantage of things. So you always got to be in a position where you have a good network, you have good information, you have some kind of.  with money, you have the ability to survive without that money, you could take a risk, like it's hard to set yourself up. I'm in a position now where I'm in the NBA, I'm an NBA player, I can never go broke again. So it doesn't matter, right? But once you're in the NBA, you can, I can throw a million dollars or something, it doesn't matter, but works at all. So for me, it doesn't make a difference. And that's why it's so much easier. They always say the first million is the hardest and the completely right. Once you get to a certain point, you can just, you can gamble to it. Right? I always knew that the matrix existed. I always knew that the traditional systems, even even when I was going to school and they're sitting there going, you're not going to get a good job if you don't get good grades. I always do one sitting there going, you're a liar. Shut up. I just knew the teacher was lying. I knew school was bullshit. I knew college was bullshit. I knew university was a lie. I always knew it was a trick and a con. I didn't truly understand things to the level I understand them now. But I had an intrinsic understanding. And I think everybody does. If you're, if you're in a gas station and it's three in the morning and a Lambo pulls up and a guy gets out of it, you're thinking criminal drug dealer gangster. Yeah.  thinking, ah, he has a uni degree. Because you're not going to think that. So when you see money, people don't even associate the money they see with university. But then they go, I want to make money so I'm in university. It doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense at all. So I think everybody knows that the system and the path they lay out for you is not a path that's going to lead to where you want to be. And I didn't know what the other path was, but that intrinsic distrust for the system and that distrust for the things they wanted me to do made me search for other avenues. And then I found them, right? And if you speak to the people who are richest, if you speak to the people you know, this is for everyone at home as well, if you speak to the people you know have the most money and go up to them and say, hey, what made you rich? None of them say school. Do any of them say school made me rich? I got an A in GCSE. Like who gives you this bullshit, right? So it's all indoctrination. So I knew it was indoctrination and for that reason, I was always searching. If you're searching, you're going to find it. Join us on Patreon for no ads videos.