 I will survive it. I know that if you take most people with my wealth, they can't handle jail. But I know who I am. I am not a rich kid. I've never had an easy life. I didn't grow up with a silver spoon. In fact, I'm a poor person with a lot of money. I'm fine there. I will have more in common with those people, and I will get along with those people, those criminals, and I have deeper conversations than I would with most other people. I'm fine there. It's not like I'm a criminal, it's like I'm a real criminal. As well that I've observed, is that you make point in an extreme way because you're a smart guy. There's a reason you're the most Google person on earth. So when you make those points in a certain way, it allows different people to take it out of context and use it.  against you, but it also garners attention so people listen to you so they get the reason you've made that point or what you're trying to teach people out of it. Yeah, my communication style is abrasive. Abrasive? I could turn it down. Effective as fun. Yeah, but it's effective. That's right. And I'm talking to be effective. But people will take what I say and take it out context, of course they will. Let's do a plan. What do we do if in, so your case is over, whatever it is that you're going through is done. And Trump is president. Yep. What's your comeback like? Come back. Let's plan and I'll be. Have I ever left? I don't know. Come back to the US. I mean, ah, okay, I'm not sure where I live. I'm not sure if I'd have a house. I'm not sure if I'd settle in any one place. I'd probably just stay in hotels and stay there for a few years. That's a good place to place. A little more than that. Political, business-wise, personal, brand-wise, what's the messaging? He's going to evolve, obviously. I'm sure you've considered all this. You've had a lot of time to think in jail. Yeah.  battles to fight at the time. There will be new things which are interesting. But I think that we already have the pieces in play. We're dismantling the media censorship, they're trying to dismantle the information wall. They're trying to teach people to be healthy again. They're trying to teach men to be strong. I make healthy again. That's right. So I think they're already doing all the right things. I just need to jump on the train and help everybody out the best I can. This is what's most important. I mean, the key most important battlegrounds are already under attack now, which is primarily the information censorship. That was primarily the most difficult thing for us to deal with in crack. Elon saved the world by buying Twitter. Truly saved the world. He has saved the world and I do not say that in any hyperbolic way. And the fact that people will sit on Twitter and call Elon not very smart because they disagree with this politics shows just how mind this is what I mean. These people have lost their minds. There are reporters who work for the New York Times who have achieved nothing in their life, besides regurgitate garbage that they're told they're supposed to regurgitate. Chat GPT could do a better job than they could. And they sit there saying Elon Musk is...  not very smart because they disagree with this politics on his platform as he puts rockets in space. These are the people who say I'm a human trafficker, so fuck them. These people have laws. You can't reason with that level of stupid. They're so emotional and so ideological that they're uninterested in truth and facts. There's a certain sub-sect of the population that have no interest in what is true. They're interested in what makes them feel good. And they're very different mindsets, very different mentalities towards things. And that's why you have this permanent wall you can't seem to penetrate. And those people are only going to believe what they want to believe because of how it makes them feel. Which is why they're losers, by the way. Because you don't win in life by ignoring objective truth and following what makes you feel happy. You win in life by self-analysing and reflecting and making the difficult choice because you understand it's going to benefit you more in the end. And you win in life by ignoring how you feel and doing what you're supposed to do. That's how you win. That's why these people are objectively losers. By the way, when you say it going to the initial point you said.  how Elon changed the world. One interesting thing is not, it's not only what he did with X, it's what he showed the world to be possible. So a lot of other platforms, like you know what Mark Zuckerberg did recently, put out that, I think he testified, put out a letter, saying he made a mistake under the Biden administration when it came to COVID. And I had Mark and Dresan on the show, one of the smartest people on this planet. And he's on the board of meta. And I think he's on the board of X as well, I think, or was. Anyway, he said Mario Metta's watching in other social media platforms as well, are watching the X experiment. That was like two years ago. And I think a lot of other social media companies will either have to follow suit when it comes to censorship and free speech or, and we lose a lot of users. Well, yes, it's a form and a mile. They've shown that it can be done. And they had Zuckerberg by the balls. I don't know, I don't know, I can never spoken to him. But they had him by the balls and he was afraid for himself. You know, he's living in America, he has a family. His platforms are being used to push information, the American government do not want pushed. They said to him, fix this.  or you're gonna go to jail. And the guy that he's got. Free speech, free speech, freedom, first amendment. Yeah, until the men in the black suits turn off a knock on your door and say you have to fix this, Zung. Otherwise, you have to run to Iran, China, or Russia. And the way the world works is even if he was crazy enough to try any of those things, then he'd be in their pocket. And guess what, Russia, Iran and China would tell him to do. Say what they want said. It doesn't work that way. You don't get to just go through life and not have a roof over your head that you have to some degree adhere to. So he can't give up the American sphere to go anywhere else because he's gonna have a new problem. So yeah, of course he did what he was supposed to do. Elon's the only person who could have done what he's done. And now he's inspired the others to be brave. And he's gonna, now that they have power in government, they don't have to fear the government agencies like they did before. So the world has completely changed. But I understand why Zuck did what he did, of course. Do you remember that, did you go through the Twitter files when we covered this? Yeah, I remember them coming out. I'm crazy. I mean, they were crazy. But I knew all that. I was like,  Well duh, that's all it's ever been is an information war. That's what I love about how it's shown to show info wars. That's the war. It's an information war. Every war since the beginning of time has only ever been an information war. They just want to control what you think and control what you're allowed to say. That's what it's all about. It only gets hot when the information wars have failed. They try the leaflets and the propaganda. It only gets hot with the tanks and the bullets when everything else doesn't work. So they can put a gun to your head and then tell you what to read. So the bottom line is that information war always has been of course. The American experiment during the era of spring when they were trying very hard to use social media to overthrow all these governments. Once it worked against them social media in 2016 on Trump, they just turned the apparatus on itself and said, all right, we'll use it on the American population then and try and del legitimize Trump because Trump was a social media president, which they didn't want. They wanted to just keep having these democratic elections between the two teams which are allowed to win, which isn't real democracy. Because you have two teams dropped. Do you think we're genuinely at a turning point now?  Well, it depends what Trump's gonna do. Was he do what's needed in your opinion? He's got, he's got, he's got a lot of resistance. Well, he's got four years. And one of the things I like to believe is that Trump's nightmares keep his wounds fresh, you know? That's one of the best things about the assassination attempt. It's not the fact that it helped him with the presidency. It's not the fact that it made him iconic. It's that it reminded him what they did to him in 2016 to 2020 with the Russia Gate garbage. So he'll think twice before doing things or he'll be more driven to do things. I like to believe he'd be more driven to do things. Because Trump, I know, and I'm saying I know, even though I've never spoken to him, but I know because I can see by his demeanor, is very similar to me. He doesn't take this crap personally. He considered all those trials in New York a massive inconvenience. But I don't think he was truly like that. He wasn't emotionally upset. He was angry because men get angry. And he saw as an inconvenience, but he knows the...  system well enough to know what it is. He also got slandered, a rapist, but once again, nobody with a brain believed it. Same as my scenario. So it's very easy to just go to court and not be emotionally affected at some point and just be like, this is garbage. But the bullet makes it real. Okay, you tried to law fair me. Okay. Okay, you hit me with a fake rate card charge. Okay, you charged me money. Okay, you dragged me in at a court. Okay, you wasted all my time. Now you tried to kill me. Was it was any assassination at times anyone tried to kill you yet? Not yet. But I don't. Even a failed one. Nothing yet. I don't think so. But they haven't failed with their option number two yet. You know, we'll see how that plays out. But with Trump, it looks like they did. But the fact they tried to kill him makes it very real. Makes it very visceral. So I'd like to think he enters office with no mercy for the next four years. But we're going to have to see how he decides to dismantle it. And also, again, now I'm talking into a realm I don't truly know. I'm just speculating.  and guessing. But in anything large and complicated, in any structure which is large and complicated, you're not going to have absolute ideological alignment. You're going to have different levels, right? Even the side of a conservative part, or the Republican part, you have different levels of agreement with the party. There's a spectrum. So when we talk about dismantling of the matrix, is you're going to throw the entire deep state out, or is you're going to have to sit and decide which factions of the deep state he's going to keep to turn against the other parts of the deep state, which areas are going to stay, which areas are going to move? I don't think you can completely gut it out. I don't think that reality works out. Not instantly, but over time slowly. Well, over time slowly, yes, perhaps. But in the four years he has, I think he's actually going to have to make some very difficult choices about what's going to stay and what isn't. I see a lot of the anti-Zionist people very upset with his choices. And I understand it because they're very anti-Zionist and they're upset that he's working with people that have such a strong allegiance to Israel. Me personally, I agree with that. I don't like this allegiance to Israel at all. However, I'd like to think and perhaps this  his cope that he knows things that we don't know and he has to choose his side and choose his battles to get anything done. If you make an enemy of everybody, then you get nothing at all done. Maybe this is cope, but this is just from my experience of life. Perhaps it's going to be a bit more gradual as he gets things done and moves this area, changes this, and then he can move on to other areas. We're going to see. But I like to think that these four years are going to be brutal efficiency from him. It looks like he's already saying the right things. Day one, day one. Is it already a few people you've seen those, yeah? Yeah, and he's already appointed some people. So we're going to see how it all works out. But most importantly, it's the culture that Trump's going to change. That matter is more than anything. Culture drives everything. Culture drives things more than the legal system. Culture drives things. That's why Hollywood is the number one propaganda tool of the Western Empire. That's why America is managed to stay, even though its cities are crumbling in real time, even though it has homeless everywhere, even though everyone's taken fentanyl, even though it's crying, even though it's dangerous, it's still the dream of most people to go to America because of Hollywood. That's the only reason. So the culture in the propaganda machine is...  extremely powerful and America changing into a more masculine culture purely and primarily because Trump is the president is what's going to fix more things than his policy. It's self-fulfilling. People are saying, I'm broke, I'm poor, Trump will make me rich. And they'll get richer under Trump, not just because of the laws Trump passes. Thank you. But because they feel more motivated to work and they take more risks and they're more enterprising and they're less afraid. So they'll get richer under Trump because of Trump because he inspired them to do the right things themselves as opposed to the laws he's going to pass. So it's all self-fulfilling. That's why a good general makes his army stronger. It's all self-fulfilling. If Kamala won, we'd all get poorer, not only because of her terrible economic policy, but also just because you will feel defeat it as a man if Kamala wins. Girl bosses in charge now. It's Girl Boss Land. So what am I going to go out there and build railroads for? This is garbage. And you won't want to do it. So cool.  Culture drives all things. Culture is the driving force, and this new culture of accountability and masculinity inside of America is going to be what saves the country. All right, well, I want to go back to the question and remember we can bleep things out. Sure. But it's a question that I'm, I ask selfish questions. So what I want to selfishly know is, what will you do next? Like what? Will other than moving to the US potentially, from a business perspective, we'll get into crypto as well, because you've done some moves. My next primary objective in my life is to have 50 sons. 50? 50. That's my next primary. I said that publicly before. I think I've said this publicly. 50 is my primary. You might have asked how many now so far? Because I know you've said you have many, but you've never said the number. I've never said the number of children I have, but I have a few. But 50. Yeah. I talk a lot about population collapse, so thank you for your service. No, I do my best. I do my best. You know, it's not easy being a tall handsome billionaire, but I try very hard. No, but I want 50 sons.  One because sons you said I want I'll have 50 kids. I want I want 50 sons I Already physically he's gonna have a hundred kids. Well, yeah, I already have a lot of doors and I love my daughters with all my heart But I want 50 sons of course I I don't think I don't think it's They're gonna say this is a bad thing to say they're gonna attack me with it I love my daughters with all my heart, but I think a man wants a son Because of the last name I don't have my last name to die my brother and I are the last two tapes So our sons will be the tapes my daughters will get married Called willing and then there'll be someone else's now, but if they love you enough, they'll just keep their last name. Yeah, but it's not the same Yeah, and you know let me tell you another thing. I'm petty I'm really I am I'm really petty and it would really break my heart for me to die and leave my empire to daughters who married dudes who get my empire Yes, you know go earn it. You're not driving a Ferrari on my money. I don't know you my sons are gonna get my money So they are gonna have to find some other rich guy so it's this is just how it  is I want 50 sons and in 20 years, or 25 years, I want my security team to be my... You know when I'm like old, if Monaco still exists by then, it hasn't been overrun by the demon hordes. If Europe's still a place and I'm a little bit older and I'm a little bit slower and I get out of my role's worries and my security team are all my biological sons. In my black suit. Then you can trust me. Well, that's the final, that's the end of the, you know, I've always been an anti-hero. That's the end of my anti-hero story. So my primary objective now is to have as many children as possible, I have 75 cars. Why would I have more cars than children? You have 75 cars now. I have 75 cars, yeah. You mean serious? Yeah, I have 75 cars. So this is my exact point. So if I'm going to waste money on that junk, I may as well have as many children as possible. So my primary objective is children. That's the answer to the question. Who manages your finances? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Decal. Decal, try their best. Yeah, they try. Bye. So that's the answer.  That's an interesting one. That's actually what we're talking about. Well, what's more important? What can be more important than that? What's more important than just trying to... You're gonna hate my answer. Like, I'm obsessed with living as long as possible and anti-aging is something I'm obsessed with. Which sounds very... Children are the least... Yeah, it is, well, it's nice, it's nice because you don't believe, like I believe, that I can create better versions of myself. And I'm not so interested in consciousness in another self that I need to make sure I retain it for as long as possible. If you can make an upgraded, better version of Andrew Tate, via my children, if I can make a better of me, a son who's gonna have the same ideals and he's gonna fight the matrix to the best of his capability and everyone's gonna remember me in my name via him. Then I can give the consciousness to par up. That's all, that's fine. I'm tired. I've had a hard life. I'm happy to rest. I'll go to sleep. You do it. No, you talk about now a bit later. In general, I mean... Is it possible that you're... Because you can just stop everything now and they're sitting, live a good, comfortable life with your family. Is that possibility? Yeah, no, because I get bored. But I'm saying that death isn't really not that scary to me.  dying would be scary, but I don't think being dead is going to be a scary thing. Well, the process is scary, but not death itself. So if love is your link to the future, so my goal of having 50 Andrew Tates is not just for them to just exist, but they also have to be exceptional. They will be in training from the second they are born. They will be karate. Wait till you see, sir. Wait till you see the future UFC roster. And it's, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, take, you'll see. Watch. Because they have no choice. I've heard the Ascensionean conversations. People have said to me, what if they don't want to do what you want them to do? What version of reality will my sons not want to do what I want them to do? And what version of reality they've even, it's called sanity. No, it's called, it's called, this is the exact bullshit that's wrong with the world. This, I don't even know what to call it. This complete garbage is going to come along and say that your own blood, your own DNA, your son is going to be completely different to you. No, they're going to get siled.  If you allow your children to be sionked, sure, well, my children will not be sionked. I'm not gonna allow it. They're not gonna be going to some school convincing them of anything stupid. My children will be born with my biology and the only imprint in their mind will be mine and they will perform exceptionally because it is expected of them. And that is the bottom line. There is no failure. There is nothing other than what I want them to do. That's what they're gonna exist for. And the day they can kick my ass, that can change. But until that day, I'm in charge. So they better go train anyway. They're gonna lose forever. That's the bottom line of it. I refuse to have some version of reality where I'm gonna have a kid to let them make their own decisions, to go do dumb shit. No. I'm trying to figure out if you're like a very soft, soft father behind the seniors. Or you're a super soft. I'm a nice man. I've never been to a... Everyone disguises as a nice man. I genuinely think that as well. I am a nice man. I just need to be nice. No, I'm a nice man. You've got a soft side as well that no one can see. I'm soft all the time. I'm a nice... Man, I apologize. I'm...  understood. I'm a very nice man as long as I'm listened to. That's it. As long as you do as I say, I'm a very nice man. Every day they wake up. I'm the world's nicest man and this is Tate World and we can talk about the children. It does not have just children. My girlfriend, whatever, this is Tate World. What come to Tate World? You're not worried about anything. You have no stress in your life. You get private jets and boats and handbags and birkins and beautiful shoes to it, but I, it's a train. It's on a track and it's my track and you owe a bear and you get off the train. Nothing changes. All right. So I'm a nice man the whole time. I'll be nice to my children. I'm not going to be abusive to them. Not abusive, but how, how, but they have no, they have in what version of reality can a can a can a boy start karate age three and learn the things I want him to learn age four and be a chess master age six or seven and he's studying all day every day along with his other brothers under his father's tutelage and end up siled. Why are we pretending he  want to be the man he will become. So how would you react if one of your kids said that I'm gay? Impossible. Look, if it happens. Impossible. I don't believe it. I think you'll be extremely understanding. Probably, but I just don't believe it will happen. About 50 statistically, you know, my outfit. I don't believe it. Now, if it does happen, that's not going to change my expectations of him. Let's say I had a son who's gay, right? That doesn't mean you're allowed to be a degenerate. Doesn't mean you're allowed to be running around naked. Well, does it become his choice, any age? No, it doesn't become his choice. You can be gay and not be a degenerate. No, I mean, for not gay, just any of your sons at age 18, if they want to be a degenerate and live that life. No. OK. No, what do you mean? No. This is all no. But my point is to finish the gay point. If he says, I'm gay, but I still fight, I still train, I still understand the power of physical and mental fortitude. I'm not a degenerate.  I'm not running around fornicating or pushing this agenda in front of children's faces, but I'm gay. Cool. I'm gay so now I get to make it my personality and I get to degrade society by extension. No, that's not acceptable. Then there's going to be a confrontation. That's going to happen. But I don't even believe that will happen. I don't think that's possible. I don't believe in that version of reality that's not going to happen to me. It can. God wouldn't do that to me. No. My sons will, the whole UFC roster will be taped. I've said it here now. They will play this clip in 30 years from now. That's what's going to happen. There's no other way it can happen. That's what my billions are going to be spent on. That's what's going to happen. What about your daughters? Well, my daughter is, it's actually interesting because if you're born my daughter, you have a much easier life. Because they're boyfriends and not. Well, yeah, but I think that women's beauty is in their naivety and their innocence. So I want my daughters to be happy. That's all I care about.  I don't care if my sons are happy. Because I'm not happy. Welcome to the world. We're men. I don't wake up every day. Do do do do. Core. No, I wake up every day and go, okay, another day of war. So if you're my son, your life path has happiness has very little to do with it. Because I believe as a man chasing happiness is probably the most assinine thing you can do. It's the easiest way to lose as a man is to chase happiness. What will make me happy is not how you win as a man. How you win as a man is I don't care how I feel what must be done. Whereas my daughters, I just want them to be happy. So they're going to be spoiled head to toe. And I'm going to do my very best to spoil them exclusively and explicitly. So I say to them, the day you get a boyfriend, he takes over you financially and you're spoiling. So unless he can match what I'm giving you, be very careful who you choose. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to say you live this beautiful, princess life and everything is perfect. And you're driving that pink Porsche and you're flying on these jets and you're doing all this. The second you get a boyfriend, he's paying for your life.  but be very careful who you pick. You pick a, if you pick a bum, then you're gonna be, that's fine, because the money tap stops from me. And you know, I just don't know I'm not forgiving, but I'm not forgetting, and it will never turn back on. So hopefully she'll understand that, and she'll live off of my money for as long as it takes for her to meet a man of caliber who can take care of her, and make sure that their dynasty and bloodline are going to be financially secure, and that I will sit down with him, and I will tell him, you better give me 50 grandsons, or I will be your ass, and I'll threaten him, and then my 50 sons will be next to me, so he'll know not to mess with me, and that's how it's gonna go, and that's the take dynasty. Me and my 50 boys will intimidate my daughter's husband and make sure there's 50 more grandchildren. I'm being hyperbolic before I end up in the BBC, but that's the bottom line, yeah, I mean, what's the point, what are we here for? There's so many ancient things we've forgotten about. This was the whole point.  of being a king in the first place, wasn't it? King Henry VIII, how many women's heads did he have to chop off to try and get a son? Like this was the point of even having a dynasty or having a last name or having money or having purple, do any of these things in the first place was to pass it on to your next generation. This new mind, this new think of, I'm this person and I'm not that interested in having kids, but if I do have kids, they don't have to be anything like me or think like me or represent my family name or represent my dynasty or stick up for what I stuck up for. They just go to school and they can learn whatever the school wants them to learn and they can decide for themselves. It's bullshit. That's not true. It's never been true. Your children are born and you suffer to raise them so they replicate you. And unless, maybe a lot of the people who don't have a desire for children aren't, we talk about narcissism. I approach the narcissism from another angle. I want clones. That's the only reason I want kids. I want me. So you're having kids.  in your eyes could be narcissistic? Oh no, absolutely. I want clones of me. They have this, they're gonna be called to be called to entertain 50 of them. 100%! What's the point of having them for another reason? I don't understand this. I mean, and people have just groomed me on this all the time. I don't understand this. Oh shit. Yeah, let your kids go and find their individuality. I'm not saying that, you know, people aren't individuals. What I'm saying is that you're born with a certain last name. There's certain expectations of you. I mean, the elites believe this, Soros believes this, Trump believes this, you're a this. So you must do this. The people on the good side and the bad side believe this. The banking dynasties believe this, Kim Jong-Un believes it. This is not even a controversial really opinion. It seems to be only the plebs of earth to go, I'll have a kid and they'll just disagree with me on everything. Oh well, let me just feed them. We want some sweets, we want some candy. Please clean your room. Okay, it's gay and it's stupid. My children are going to obey.  They're going to obey me. Well, man, I can love a message to my dad for a second. They're going to obey me. I love you, dad. And the reason I'm saying that is because I obeyed my father. And I was, it was a harsh father. And I love him with all my heart. The only wish I have is for a stricter childhood. This idea that if you have a stric childhood, you're gonna grow up regretting it. Absolutely not. I wish it was even stricter. I wish I didn't even get away with the few things I got away with. But when my father spoke, it was like God giving a command from the heavens. There was no, well, I don't want to, it didn't even cross my mind to think I could say, no, you had to obey. Did he beat you as well? He hit me if I deserved it. Did you deserve it a lot? Sometimes yes. Did Tristan deserve it as well? Tristan got hit quite a lot less actually. I was gonna guess that. I'm not surprised. But I don't like the word beat. Because that sounds like, no. But there was a line.  And if I cross that line, vice physical violence would appear, but that's the same here in the world. To sit and pretend that that's not the line all men live within is again, Asuna, that's the line. If I go up to a man in the street and say, I don't like your shirt, and I'll say, who were you? And I'll say, and I don't like your wife and fuck you. Sooner or later, he's gonna try and hit me. There's a line in life. My dad made it very clear where the line was. It wasn't like, he didn't get drunk, he didn't lose his temper, he didn't beat me at random. He said, here's a line, son. Here's the rules of this house. Unlike the Western democracies with their shadowy rules, I lived in a very simple system. When I say something, you listen. If I have to say it twice, you better hope I'm in the mood to say it twice. And if I'm not, then you've crossed the line. So obey. And people, you know, it's funny about my house. My friends used to always say, your house is so weird. Because it was so when you were...  Yeah, because it was so stringent. Like we'd be sitting there playing Nintendo in the summer, it's playing Nintendo. And dad would walk in and say, water, all of you go drink water now. And I'd stand up and I'd go and I'd pour water from the tap and I'd drink it. And my friends would be like, why do you have to drink water? Because dad said so. And they'd be like, why, though? Why does your parent like, why does he just yell at you to drink water? In the States, yeah. In the States, yeah. And I was like, I was just like, he said drink it. So I'm drinking it. And my friend, he was a white guy. I said, maybe that's why I'd white. But he was like, yeah, but what if you're not thirsty? I'm like, he didn't ask about thirsty. You told me to drink the water. So I'm drinking it. Like I was kind of confused why he was confused. But my dad in retrospect was right. It was 100 degrees in Goshen, Indiana. We're sitting there all day. No water, because we're kids playing Nintendo. Drink some water. He's right. There was nothing bad about me drinking that water. And any other householder would have said, I'm not thirsty. I don't want it. Why later? You give me it.  that I see all these kids act. In my house, it wasn't like that. He walked in, he gave a command, it wasn't questioned. I didn't have to understand his reasoning. There was no business deal. It was just instant compliance. And I did as I was told. And my children will do exactly the same thing. Whereas my friends were completely perplexed by this. Why does he bring you the water if you want to drink it? Why do you have to drink it? Why do you not thirsty? Why can't you have soda? How often does he do this? We were in the middle of a game. Like at seven or eight, these kids were so flabbergasted by the fact that a big man will come in and give a command. But that's always been my life. He came in and he gave commands and I obeyed the commands. And it served me very well. It made me into the person I am today. And I'm happy with who I am. So I must be happy with how I was raised. And I want my cut sons to be like me. So I need to raise them the way I was raised. I'm not going to do business deals with children. I see people raising their kids today. It's a business deal all the time. If you clean your room, I'll give you like you're bargaining with a seven-year-old.  You are seven. You are seven. And if you want to survive in my house, you're gonna obey me instantly. I don't know why this is controversial, but for some reason it is. But we'll see, when I have my 50 sons, they're all on the UFC roster, I'm just gonna be like, how did Andrew do that? Wow, it's really not complicated. Cause I told them to train. I gave a command that I was obeyed, and that was the bottom line. And there was none of this. Oh, I don't want to train. Look, there's 50 sons, man. They'll build a coalition against you. Well, you know, we've seen the Kung Fu movies, where all the students attacked the master at the end. I train every day myself. I'm prepared for this. So the day they beat me, they can have some power. But until that day, I'm master smoother. You don't talk a lot about your family. I said, I won't ask, but I'll ask anyway, cause I'm curious. So I know you don't shake, you know, where they live and their names, etc. And these are questions I won't ask, where for us you just won't answer them. But I'm again curious how many you have already. So I'm gonna try.  give it another shot. How many kids do you have approximately? Between eight and 11. That's actually pretty good approximation. Yeah. All right. So, about a fifth of the way there. No, that's not all sons, some shit. So, that's a long way to go. We've got, well, I've got tired. Do you freeze your sperm as rock? Cause I think you need to do that. Well, I could cheat a new science. I could cheat a new science. We're gonna see how it all works out. I'm gonna beat this, I'm gonna beat this case. But I was answering the question when I was saying my primary objective post this case is to have 50 sons. I will consider all avenues to get that done. Okay. So, that would be one of the main things you do. You said there's no possibility that you'll just just retire from all this. Even for a period of time, say, look, I need a break for a couple of years. No, cause I don't need a break. I don't need a break. In fact, it's gonna be the opposite. When this ends, I'm like, ah, shucks. Now what? All right. You don't believe that I'm gonna miss all this garbage. I know you don't believe me, but I'm telling you, my whole life has only ever been. From the age of four, I was playing chess professionally.  As a professional chess player and then I became a professional athlete and I was a professional fighter and now I get to fight against a matrix Inside of the remaining legal system, probably one of the most rigged games you can possibly play in a language. I don't understand. It's entertaining. I need to know I need something else. You can find it doesn't sound entertaining. No, that's just the consequence of losing which motivates you to try harder. It's entertaining. It's an entertaining struggle. It's a game. It's entertaining. I'm not saying it's fun. It's entertaining as it gets my attention. It gets my attention and not many things really do to be honest with you in this world. Not many things really get my attention. I see people and they're like, oh wow, a new movie's out. Couldn't give a fuck. Oh Netflix, if you've seen this show, it's great. Fucking this. It's not real. It doesn't matter. Do you like the adrenaline of it? I guess so. That's because that one I could relate to. Well, we're all biochemical.  Creatures, I guess I do enjoy the adrenaline. I mean when I was last arrested and they and the judge let me go You saw how angry I was when I came out and I was yelling at the camera saying, oh, this is disgusting I'm gonna be saw that clip me saying this is disgusting what they're doing to us. We have families, etc I was chemically charged sure Yeah, I mean what is life you want to feel things? That's why Why does a drug addict do drugs To feel something even if it destroys his life To feel something that's why people our drug mind is business. Yours is fucking up the world Well, it's not fucking up the world. It's not like it's it's I'm saying that if you are feeling something Even though there are negatives attached to that emotion if you are feeling something in this world nearly to vote Devoid of emotion completely. You're always gonna miss it. If you even ask a drug addict How was it when you were addicted part of him will say well, you know, like I did I did have some good time that there's something about it I'm not saying I want to lose. I'm not saying I'm guilty  I'm saying that I am currently entertained because the consequence is significant. And how can you be entertained by something with no significant consequence? If you play a video game and you can't die, it's boring. It only matters if you can die. Why is gambling entertaining? Because you lose your money. If every time you gamble, you lost your money that has gave it back to you, you wouldn't even feel anything when the wheel spins. I'm not saying I'm guilty of anything. In fact, the fact that I'm innocent makes it more entertaining. If all is guilty, I'd be kind of defeated. I'd be kind of like, oh, well, that's justice. Does it deserve it? But because I'm innocent, I'm like, no, I have to win. And it keeps me occupied. When this is gone, I'm gonna fill it with trying to have 50 sons, because otherwise, I can't just be occupied by the mundane, normal. A lot of, especially people who don't have lots and lots of money, imagine that you get into this rich world. And once your rich world becomes fun. And really the only thing that's fun and life is.  work. The only thing that's fun is to think that made you rich in the first place. That's the reason it made you rich because you found it fun. There are no fun activities to do once you're rich. The only thing you can really do is slow things down. So a poor person has a one hour lunch. I'm allowed a four hour lunch. Great. You know, you can add some time to things. But I don't know. I see there are some other rich people who, you know, they get enamored by wine and they think that giving their life to tasting different grapes is somehow not a complete waste of consciousness. But they're dipshit. And that's why they're not important. And that's why they're not going to have 50 cents in the UFC roster. And that's why no one knows who the fuck they are. So when I talked to other millionaires, I'm like, oh yeah, I'm going to win wine. I like to spend my time wine. Well, then you go do that. I'm having 50 cents. I'm fighting the matrix. So I guess life is just, it's a game. We're living in a simulation. And if you want a high score, you have to choose the highest difficulty. Yeah. So I want a high score. I get to be a legend when I walk this case. The remaining legal.  with a 97% conviction rate came at me with a false indictment I walked. High score, high difficulty, high consequence. Or I get to go to Rohova, the worst jail in Europe. Like an old Soviet Russian jail. Either way, it's gonna be a cool story. Like what are we so worried about? What's their fear? I'm terrified of jail. You have no fucking idea. You have no idea. Don't worry about it. It's fun. You just gotta change your mentality towards things. You gotta see it for what it is. And if you see it for what it is and you see it as an experience and see it as a way to upgrade yourself, men have never upgraded themselves in any other way but suffering ever. In fact, the only thing that would upset me about going to jail is that it would delay my 50 songs. However, the stories from jail would be good for my 50 songs. So either there's no light without dark. Perhaps if I can get enough conjical visits. If I can pull off the thumbs from jail, then I get the best of both worlds. And I can tell them all the story when I was thrown in a hole. Some were deep in our...  You speak to Ryan Holiday about stoicism because you've kind of taken it. Ryan Holiday is a little bitch. I've seen his Twitter. There's nothing stoic about the guy. He's a fucking baby crying his eyes out over Trump all day. Ryan Holiday I could grab him by his neck. He doesn't like Trump. I could snap his neck. He's nothing stoic about him. He's a pussy. I'll have to clip it. I'm gonna bleep that for your own sake. No, please. Ryan Holiday, fuck you. Let's put it in there. The stoicism is... No, but I'll tell you why. Ryan Holiday's... I've never read his book and I don't know him. I've just seen him crying on Twitter, so he's not stoic. But Ryan Holiday, I'm assuming, but my assumptions are always right. His approach to stoicism is, it's all okay no matter what happens. That's not my approach to stoicism. My approach to stoicism is actually very much rooted in something else, which is brutal competence. My approach to stoicism is, I will survive it. I know that if you take most...  people with my wealth, they can't handle jail. But I know who I am. I am not a rich kid. I've never had an easy life. I didn't grow up with a silver spoon. In fact, I'm a poor person with a lot of money. I'm fine there. I will have more in common with those people and I will get along with those people, those criminals, and I have deeper conversations than I would with most other people. I'm fine there. I'm baked my competence. My stoicism is rooted in my competence that I know I will survive it. So what's there to actually fear? If time solves all things and I know I can do it, then fine. Put me there. I don't care. It doesn't matter. It's a simulation anyway. It's all a game. It doesn't matter. His stoicism is based in, oh, it's all fine, but if he went to Rohova, he would cry his eyes out like a bitch and then the cleaning people shoes. So, fuck him. I was going to say he should read his book, the obstacle is the way it's a very short book. But you'll pass it. Now, I think you like it. So his approach to it, I read it a while ago when I went, so  So my main company got scammed in 2018, lost millions, it was destroyed me. And that's when I started building my personal brand. Funny enough, I started my personal brand in Romania. That was when I made my first video back then. Back when I was naive. And back to the point of Ryan Holiday. So what he says is you get something negative, but you find something positive within it. So what he said, you go to jail, you're like, I can't have my kids, but I have good stories to tell them. So that's his approach. Now I haven't seen his, I haven't looked at his social status. Like I don't want to talk about him too much. Yeah, I want to be fun for as well. No, no, no, but the final point I'm going to make, I don't really know him. I've just seen his Twitter and I can tell by his Twitter he's a dislikable person. The, the, but him coming along and preaching stoicism, et cetera, a lot of these people, especially people who talk about Zen and stoicism, et cetera, I distrust and this isn't specifically about him. This is about all of these people. Because they'll sit in a beautiful field with green, green grass in Bali. And they'll put on a stupid robe, and they'll sit there and they'll do this. And they'll say, I'm Zen.  and my mind is great that you're in a beautiful field in Bali. Of course, you're Zen. What are you gonna be upset about? It's sunny, it's not even raining. You're nothing to complain about. Go and be Zen in a trench in Ukraine. Then show me you're Zen. If you're so Zen and you're so fantastic with your mind, any of these people, I openly challenge you, considering you're all physically incapable, go do an MMA fight and get the shit kicked out of you. Go on, you know, you know you're gonna lose because you're a pussy. I know you're gonna lose, you know you're gonna lose. He's gonna hurt you, but you're Zen. Show me the power of your mind. Go get your ass whooped. Oh no, you're scared. You won't do that. You won't go get in the cage, you get grounded and pounded. I thought you were Zen. Turns out you're only Zen when everything's fine. That's not Zen. It's not Zen to be Zen when everything's fine. So all these people with their spoiled little privileged lives and their yoga retreats. Oh, I feel so great in my yoga retreat. Oh, you feel so great. One of the most idyllic locations on the planet, eating food that's prepared.  for you. You feel great. Wow. Mental control. You're the fucking clown show. It's a clown show. If these people were truly who they want to pretend they are, they'd be in the trenches somewhere. The UFC fighter has more zen when he's getting punched in the face. In front of all these people, in front of his screaming wife, worried about him losing consciousness forever. When he's taking shots to the face and still avoiding them and keeping a clear enough mind to slip the punches, that's more zen than anything Ryan Holiday has ever fucking achieved or ever will achieve. He's a nobody. So all these people are full of shit because if they were truly zen, they'd live a life similar to mine. But they don't. They sit on the internet and they cry on Twitter and they write shit books. So fuck his book and fuck off. But this is the truth about all this zen, it's not about him specifically. This whole sphere when I see people, you see these threads on Twitter sometimes. I don't know if people are paid to make them. But they'll come along and say, this person...  is this, you don't know who he is, but he's the guy behind, and they do like these breakdowns of people. I like the hip pieces. Twitter hits. I don't think it's a hip piece. They're trying to promote people. I don't know if it's like an affiliate link. It's hard to explain it. But anyway, they talk about a lot of these people who have mental control. And he just, he wrote this book about, and he did it. Listen, go to Don't Ask Right Now, and get me a guy who survived the last three years in the trenches. I want to talk to him about mental control. I don't want to talk to some fucking jackass living in a two bedroom house in the Western world, married to a six about mental control. He hasn't done anything. I want to talk to the guy in the trench. I want to hear about all the times he saw his friends face explode. He knows mental control, because he's still breathing. He didn't put a bullet in his own head. That's mental control. You have C-Fires, professional boxes. These people have mental control. All of these self-help guru losers are losers. They are losers, because if they were to enter the cage with me, I would show them their loser. I would sh-  show them and they feel it and no amount of Zen would reduce the fear that I see in their eyes guaranteed. So I don't even buy into their prescription. My Zen and my mentality is based on my competence. I'm not afraid of what can happen to me in that jail. I'm not afraid of getting jumped and stabbed and dying. So that's why I'm not afraid of going. I want to go back to two points you've made earlier before we got into Ryan Holiday in Stoicism. You talked about how you'll get bored if you go out and just take a break for a couple of years. And then we also talked about how, you know, as you get richer, you get to a stage where it's much harder to get that kick. You know, what can you do? You will go have nice expensive wine, travel to a new country. It gets very boring. So I can relate to that. So is that in your opinion? Is that what really drives you? Is that you're always looking for something more? It's never enough. And then the question is something that I can sense because I'm in that camp. So it's probably something I'm going to benefit from this question is that I'm always  looking for more. But then when you get to certain level, it gets concerning what more is. And you can go down a path of pretty ugly path, you know, some rich people do some crazy shit. You seem to be in a position where you're always looking for more. What happens next? Because presidents? Well, that's it, but that built the modern world. Always looking for more is what built the world. It does. It's good for the world, but what about you? Well, that's the masculine imperative. I mean, we can, it's like saying, well, what happens when you have two arms? It's just life. You just have two arms. Most people just have two arms. Most men are just born with a drive, which is insatiable. That's why explorers decided to walk across Antarctica and freeze to death because it hadn't been done before. It doesn't even make logical sense. There's nothing there. It's ice, but they still did it. It's the masculine imperative. It's why we build taller and taller buildings. It's why Elon's going to put rockets in space. You're always going to constantly want more. What you're going to eventually have to do is do what I've done. What the only conclusion I found is that instead of trying to live life myself, you're going to  to live vicariously through others. So most men already do this. Most men get more enjoyment from giving than receiving. I talk about Christmas Day all the time, but it's the perfect example. A man gets happy by buying his wife and his kids expensive things. Nobody gets him expensive presents on Christmas Day. Men give. That's what you're supposed to do. You live vicariously through others. So my money is boring to me now, because I have so much of it. But I can put a smile on my woman's face by taking her on a jet to Italy and getting on a Ferrari and go to a beautiful hotel and giving her a nice gift. So I live vicariously through her, which I think a lot of men end up doing. But if you're going to live vicariously through other people, then why not have 50 sons? Yeah. I want to go back to the question of business. That's something that I'm pretty fascinated by. You've talked about having 50 kids. You've talked about potentially moving to the US. From a business perspective, I know you have a lot of money. Not sure how much. Actually, what percentage of your money have any did you lose since you got arrested? 5% maybe. That's it?  Really? When I was doing all my interviews before I got arrested I kept saying that they're going to try and put me in jail So I was preparing for it. So I knew that they'd get some. It's not personal. It's not personal It's like it's like like I said a professional fight. It's not personal. They find it. They can take it everyone I've interviewed that's been to jail. They never want to discuss it. None of them Have you heard Russell Ben have one interview about all the allegations? I know because he's trying to do what Pavel did make it go away Which I'm claiming. My approach is different. I can see every other one Everyone else's approach is to shy away from it. My approach is the only way out is through my approach is let's go then Let's go. I'm not trying to go anywhere. I'm right here Come get me, but why don't you just play game like they did get out of Romania and then go extreme again. Sounds boring from the sound fun Well, it's all fun But it makes it I'm not gonna be entertained if I do that But at least you'll have 50 kids or make it more likely that 50 kids inside of being in jail for five years I'm having 50 kids anyway. I can't be stopped. I'm a fool  of nature. I'm not even 50 kids anyway. So talking about money, business, is there any, what are your businesses right now? What's your model? Well, you get all that attention. You've done somewhere crypto something I'm very involved in. It's one of my biggest companies is in crypto. And you've got your school, your university.com. What else do you have? What's your model like? And what plans do you have as well? Not your old stuff, more of what the model looks like now. Yeah, primarily the only thing I talk about online is my university. I do have some physical businesses as well. I have a coffee shop or restaurant. I have a lot of commercial real estate and real estate and all these kind of things. But there's no point in talking about them online. To preserve wealth rather than create wealth. That's right. I have some physical businesses, but I don't talk about them online. Primarily online, I talk about university.com, which is my online educational platform where we teach people how to make money online for $49 a month. We also teach fitness, so we teach people how to make money and get strong for $49 a month. Part of the university. Part of the university, yeah. And that does make a lot of money, but I don't do that.  now primarily for income. I do that now because it's my symbol of resistance against a matrix. I take young men and I say, look, there's an alternative to the traditional education path. It's here. You'll get rich quick, you'll get strong quick, and I'm outperforming traditional university, which is actually I've heard from very prominent people. One of the primary reasons I became a target for the matrix in the first place because I was attacking the educational establishment. Yeah, I remember you say that a lot because the university grift is a big grift. It's a big scam to get people to get all this money out in loans to go to university. It's not effective and they don't teach them anything important and you don't get rich at the end of it. Whereas my school for $49, you start to make money within a week. I have a lot of people who've literally decided to join my school to try it out before they go uni and then they end up never going to university because they make so much money. I think it's one of the reasons I got put on the radar and they've tried very hard to destroy this school. They've tried very hard to slander it and destroy it and remove the payment processing and all the mainstream media. I'm going to take it down. I'm going to take it down. Yeah. What during the counts?  They tried to say my school is some evil school that teaches boys how to be evil when really just teaches you how to make money on mind and get fit And we have a fitness campus inside of it. We're gonna add a fine. How do you students? You have hundreds this morning 174,000 something fucking out. How many was it before you go to rest it? Um, I think it's gone up since then. I think I was about 150,000 when I was arrested It's gone up and then at one point it was 230,000 But then anyone who's an active we call So if you don't actually do the lessons we How much did it pay 49 dollars a month? Holy shit. Yeah, I don't know the math 11 12 13 million a month But but I don't do it for I don't do it for money I do it because it's my symbol of resistance. I'd make the school free if I could But if I made it free then it would just be flooded with people who don't take it seriously So I make it cost nothing 49 dollars So anyone can afford it so that you actually do the lessons and you pay attention and we can cancel you and kick you out We know who you are because you're linked to a credit card. We had long conversations about making it a dollar or something But yeah, so I've got the online educational platform which is university doc  I've got the War Room, which is my private network, which is for men who want to make money, yes, but also enjoy all the things that money brings, especially networking and brotherhood and masculine fraternity. Those are the only things I mention online. But I do have a bunch of other things that exist out here in the more physical world. But as in the revenue generation, that's the main one. The university. And I think you do a lot more than what you've said in crypto. Because you've only done it like, there's only the ones that where you, you know, well, the way things are set up, I don't own anything. And I don't own anything for it. Give me three different holding companies. Well, I don't own anything. OK, I get it. And there's a whole bunch of different companies that generate money. And I pay myself a very meager. I'll be honest. I don't know why people are afraid to say these things. I pay myself a very meager and modest million dollars a week. And that's what I spend. And that's it. And a lot more money than that is made, but it just sits in Singaporean banks. And we have a lot of different things happening all around the world.  world, but I pay myself a million dollars a week and I spend all of it. I spend a hundred percent of the money I take and that's it. He spent a million dollars a week. At least. Now. Yeah. How's sitting at home? Yeah. Yeah. What do you do? Well, I mean I bought another Pagani utopia a couple days ago. That's six million and that's my third one I think. I'll just buy cars primarily now and diamond watches. But what else are we gonna do? How many cars again? You said it at 70? 76 I think now. But yeah. So I do make sure you have. Yeah. Exactly. So I do make a lot of money. But when this is all over I'm going to focus all I'm gonna stop buying cars and drunk and I'm gonna focus on having my 50 cents and I'm going to create an arm. But I thought about it. I get it about the cents. Regarding the cars. I saw initially as a strategy obviously you know social media strategy. It makes a lot of sense but you only need two three four five six for that max. Yeah. Why the fuck 70? This is what I mean about when poor people think they get rich and they think there's...  you know, this magical world once you get rich. There's really nothing to buy as a man. I mean, you get bored. Yeah, when you get some clothes and you get a nice car and you get some watches, what else is there? But you didn't seem like that. You don't seem like the type of person that would enjoy buying another fucking car. No, but I love driving and I think they're beautiful and I'm gonna put them all in a line. Where are they? You're not okay. Decaw. Decaw is sent Mario. They took, but they took some in Romania, didn't they? They took some. And they didn't take the one in Dubai they tried. Oh, did they did? It's not in Dubai anymore, but they didn't know. They never got the Bugatti. When they first bust in the house, they were asking me where it is. They didn't care about human trafficking. They could have bought stealing my Bugatti, finally off. I think here they took 30 cars and I got most of them back because the judge, yeah, the judge ruled that the seizure was illegal, which it is. The seizure is illegal. It's nice to see the legal system actually working in some ways. You know, I have to be careful what I say about the Romanian legal system because. No, I'm not. Well, after everything you said, oh, right? Well, I said nothing yet. Because I'm in the middle of the Romanian legal system.  But this is from a layman. What I believe happens in Romania primarily is that they're very forgiving of the authorities breaking the laws if they get what they want at the end. So decal will illegally spy or illegally tap a phone or they'll illegally get a warrant for a search by lying in the search warrant. They'll do all this illegal stuff, but then they'll get the cocaine and then they'll say judge, we were illegal and we broke all the rules, but look, we found cocaine. He's a drug dealer. And the system here is kind of like fair enough, Joe. And they kind of let him get away with it. But for that to happen, you need to pay off. You need to get the cocaine. Did they get the pay off with you? No. Because it doesn't exist. They thought, because I was talking on the internet about how I used to have a big webcam company. They thought there was this AE girls enslaved. They thought all this garbage. I remember, yeah. And then they realized, oh, the only girl we can find is his friend sticking up for it. There's no one to even-  find. So they didn't get the cocaine at the end. So their problem now is that inside of their indictment, inside of their criminal file, they've broken I think 111 laws. Like what happens then to them? Well this is what's interesting. Can you shoot them back? I don't think so. So they're made up. But a judge is eventually going to read it and throw it away. That's 99% going to happen because the whole file and indictment is illegal. And when I say illegal, I mean simple things like if they're going to interview a person who is not natively Romanian, they need to have a translator there. If you interview an English person, decont by law and he's an English translator, transitor wasn't there against the law. Interview is not allowed to be in the criminal file. It's against the law. It's very simple laws. They broke it. They broke it every law. They've taken WhatsApp conversations and they put part from October. Remember that? Yeah, they part from December. They cut them together. And they would leak them. Yeah, they leaked them after editing them all. They edit. They've edit things.  They've fake translations, so with the poor girls, Georgiana, my assistant and Lwana, they take their conversations in Romanian, and they translate them to English, and instead of kick her out, they'd say kick her, and then they'd take that, they'd remove the word out, they'd then charge them with incitement of violence. It's crazy how corrupt this case is. That's the same. But they get away with these things when they get the payoff. None of that would matter if they found 80 girls enslaved. Well, what happens if they don't get the payoff? Well, then I walk in there, I guess we'll have to see if there's any kind of repercussions to the Romanian-genitris system. I don't know. What happens if you... I'm not interested in vengeance, truthfully. I'm not, and I don't trust Romania to care that a prosecutor was corrupt. I just think that's just how it works here. Well, not even. Well, last question before going back to crypto. What happened to the girl that went to jail with you as you, Tristan, Lwana, Georgiana? One of the two other girls, two girls. Yeah, they're out. They're both out, also, right? No, they're free now, I think. Completely free. Completely free. They left the country? No, they're still here. Are they allowed to leave the country?  I'm not sure I don't talk to them, all that's talked to them. I have an injunction. But I believe they're free, yeah. So, yeah, it's been interesting, but that's how the criminal case, that's how the criminal system works here, primarily. And I have a feeling that's not Romania specific. I actually think a lot of the world works that way. Okay. Going back to crypto, so what's your strategy there? Well, I've made Daddycoin because I was tired of all these other coins just rucking everywhere. You've created Daddycoin. Well, no, somebody else created Daddycoin, and then I decided to work with him, and I said, but we're gonna have a celebrity coin that doesn't rug and that lasts forever. So my goal with Daddycoin is to try and create another doge that lasts three or four years, five years, six or seven years. Yeah, you're very adamant on this. I like a lot of people, so I can give you context. Been in crypto since 2017, over 110 team members now. And we do more on the VC side and incubation side, but we have a team of about 10 to 15 now that deal with meme coins. And I spoke to some of them to understand what you've done in the space.  A lot of them are surprised why you still stick with Daddy. Reminds you of Jason Derroulos, I interviewed him and he's a great guy. He tried to do the same with Jason. He's had a Jason coin. His intentions were good, not like the others that run. But it went to his nothingness. A lot of $5 million, I think. Why are you sticking to Daddy the way you have been? Yeah, my goal was not just to try and make money quickly or to launch a coin and make money from it. I don't think I've made any money from Daddy yet. My goal was to just primarily have a foot in the crypto space. And the reason I'm different from other celebrities is because I have an actual infrastructure and ecosystem that can back up Daddy. I think Daddy is peak with 300 million. Then I burnt all that money. I burnt my allocation. I burnt my 110 million publicly. That reduced the market cap to like 220 or something. And now it's like 60 or something like that. It never goes below 60. It was 110 last week. It goes up and down. But the fact that it still there is an achievement. Oh yeah, it's been around for like nine months now. Oh, there might be celebrity coins.  I can't think of any of the one that I think I think I guess one. Yeah, she has one. I don't know. But mother company. Yeah, I'm not sure about that. But yeah, most of coming like thousands of coming gone in that time. But my goal with daddy is for it to exist forever. It's just a footprint. It's the same reason I wanted university.com. I wanted a cool domain. I want my own coin. I want my own tower one day. Why does Trump have Trump tower? So I made daddy coin. It's going to exist on the blockchain forever in his mind. And when I'm free, my world tour that I'm going to do is going to be the daddy world tour. Finally, enough, I'm making my 50 sons and having the daddy world tour. So kind of old times. This is good. I'm going to do a speaking events all around the world. You're already announced that? No, I haven't announced it yet. Once I'm free, I'm going to do that. I'm going to use those speaking events to promote daddy coin. Are you sure that you've got the real world token that you're launching or that's shelved for now? No. So the real world token is something that I'm going to launch once I get it. I'm going to launch once I get SEC approval because I want it to be a security. Well now with...  Trump and Genselogon is much better than you. That's right. So, I don't want it to be a security. I want people to get paid for owning it. So, the profits... So, nothing to do with a meme going. So, utility token. So, utility token and the profits from the school each month will be divided by the token holders. So, whoever much of the supply of token you own, you're going to get paid daily or monthly or weekly from the profits of the school. Okay, and I'm going through SEC to do everything correctly and properly to make sure that we don't try and skirm around it and catch an SEC case. No, I'm going there. My legal team have already instructed, we're going to go and get SEC approval. And that's when we're launched to rear-wheel tokens. So, basically, you'll be able to buy 5% of my school by buying 5% of the rear-wheel tokens supply. So, I'm going public, but like Web 3. Yeah, yeah. That's kind of how I'm going to do it. And one of the reasons... That's cool. Yeah, it is cool. Yeah, it is cool. And... You can't hate on that. I can't think of anything to hate on that. Because the utility is also very interesting. Like, you have to go to the school and actually go through the exercise and go through the courses to be able to earn. What?  Well, exactly. And also, you can buy the token, which allows you to own percentage of the school, but also you can earn the token. So if you go to the school and you work hard and you make a lot of money, and you increase your power level inside of the real world, we'll give you the token for free. So you can actually earn part of the school, and own part of the school without even having to buy part of the school. So it's a big experiment we're putting together, and it's gonna be tied to daddy somehow, because I'm gonna make sure that daddy P, I think we're done. But are you sure? If daddy feels like it's becoming baggage, I think it's you should reconsider it. I think, I don't know. I can't, because daddy's going to the moon, I'm gonna make sure of it. I'm gonna do the daddy tour. The real world token is gonna be specifically tied to the school. I think daddy's were almost finished with the staking, and that's gonna increase your power level inside of the real world, which is gonna correlate into the token. But nothing I do, I ever abandon or forget. It's not how I would. My, my, my, daddy will go to a billion. Telling you, at some point in the next three or four years, daddy's gonna go to a billion. You even have to do it myself. You even have to buy it all myself. It's going to.  to Billion. Just so I can say I did it. It's going to a billion. So there's no doubt about that. And the real world token will wait for SEC, but obviously Trump's changed things. But that'll be fantastic news for the legal team who are getting that all done. But that's going to be primarily tied to the school. You should do a lot more in crypto, by the way. I should, perhaps. But I have my pet projects. I have my things. The real world token is going to be for the school. I have the daddy coin. That's my footprint on the crypto ecosystem. I mean, I do get maybe 20 offers a day about crypto. Do you accept many? Because I don't do that. I do not accept hardy gigs. I don't think I accept hardy any. It's hard to convince me. There was one he did a space about. It wasn't like MAGA or something. MAGA, I did it. But that was because of the Trump affiliation. And that space was, it had a coin link to it, yes. But I did that. But I don't think I don't know. That's very different to you shilling it directly. Yeah. I have to be very honest. I don't know if if.  or how much we got paid for that, that would have been my legal team or say can you do this? Yeah, by the way, just to kind of put it out there. I have my team and I have a whole media team in crypto. We've worked with many meme coins and I know the risk and we're very transparent about it. So I think it's very normal. It's fine, people understand the risk. As long as you know out there saying, like lying, like saying this coin will go to the moon and I'm putting my money in it, I'm backing it. They've never paid me, I just love the coin, but they've paid you behind the scenes. I think the lack of transparency is the issue. I did, yeah, I did the Magical Coin space and I don't know how well that's doing now, I guess it's doing well. I haven't checked it. Well, Trump's one, so I guess it's doing well, but I don't think I even own any of it. I don't know what might, right? Actually, we compete with it. We have another, the Trump coin is called MAGA as well, the one we work with. We have a MAGA coin that we work with, there are 400 million, so we're in a similar boat, not your one. Your one, I don't think we work with. But it going back to, like with your reach and your understanding of crypto, because you know the space, well, I listened to your interview with the thread guy. Great fucking guy, he's a really good chat. Really good back and forth.  And you've been in crypto for a while. Your Bitcoin is worth a fuck ton now. You've even made a whole bunch of money with pancakes. Well, yeah, I made a lot with cake. Maybe I can't remember how much I made. 30, 40 million with cake. Fucking hell. Yeah, I had cake at like 10 cents. Yeah, I did really good with cake. Oh, shit. So yeah, I've been in crypto for a long time. Yeah. And you bit by you sat on it for a while. No, I never sat on it. I was just starting. You sat on the people in the space. Well, that's right. It's not that easy. And that's the reason I launched that coin. I said that it's become, I mean, the degenerate gambling is fine. If you understand it's degenerate gambling, which is one thing. I think primarily I was attacking NFTs. Because I think NFTs, I was never a fan of. NFTs never convinced me when the whole NFTs came around. I was already very heavy into crypto and people were trying to convince me. You never know if it's NFTs never touched them. They never convinced me. I've got like, you know the punk. That's all I have. Yeah. You know the punk here. Have you lost money on it? I think so. Yeah, I think I lost all breakeven. But it wasn't, it was just one as more of a...  of a stance. And that's doing well, that's like the blue chip. I mean that one in the ape, there's a few blue chips, but the space meant fucking 99% of crypto's pump and dump. Yeah, it is. And that's the problem with the whole crypto space as a whole. And I think I talked about this extensively on thread guy. Yeah, it was a great, if anyone, that was a great shout you and him. Yeah, about the culture. The culture of crypto is very degenerate in terms of there's no honor or dignity about it. Everyone's just out to rug and steal from each other. And I didn't like that. And that's one of the reasons I launched that. And that's the reason I'm gonna make sure Daddy goes to a Billy in the matter of what it takes him to do it myself. Just because I said I was gonna do it, so I'm gonna do it. I'm never gonna rug anybody. I'm never gonna sell out. I don't, I mean, it's kind of amazing to me that these celebrities will destroy their brands to such little amounts of money. But I guess, yeah, I guess music doesn't pay what people think it does. I guess they need the money. I'm assuming. I mean, I don't know how much music even pays nowadays. Nobody buys CDs, so you get your money from concerts. Spotify can't pay you that much. I'm not sure where, I'm not sure how much the average record artist gets paid or how much money  they even have. You know, one of the worst things, one of the worst experiences of life would be famous without money. Because to have money without being famous is a bit of a waste. Well, no, without being famous is the best. People say it's the best, but it's not. Because I'm telling you, those people, they think it's the best when they're in the club and they're y'all and that it until a famous person walks in. And then they, and then you see in their face. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they don't like it. But they're scared to be famous because being famous comes with the heat. So they don't like being famous. So they want to be rich and anonymous. But that's all great until I walk in the room and then you see, you see on their eyes. But to be famous without money is far worse. I mean, to be famous without money is terrible. You can't go work. Like if people know your songs and you've had a few songs on Spotify, you can't go work in McDonald's. They'll make fun of you for the rest of your life. You'll be able to have a social media, your honor and dignity is down the panel. You can't just go do a normal job and you're expected to have money and you don't have money. Well, then you do a pump of them. I guess, along with whatever else. And I'm think there's actually a lot of people in that predicament.  scenario. I think there's loads of singers and actors in that scenario because the number of singers and actors there now are is ridiculous. Then the amount of times you're going to hear a song and love the song and have no idea who sung it. That happens to be all the time. Load up Netflix. How many actors are on Netflix? 50,000 actors? Are they all getting paid that much money? Seems not. Going back to you. I'm going to give you a business model. Let me know what you think. Could be something interesting for you. Not that you need the money. You need to stop. You don't need to say that again. I understand. But it's always nice to have more another social revenue. You've got multi-billionaires still creating more business. Absolutely. So with your personal brand and I was wondering why you don't do that. One thing in crypto is when you have cloud and when you have influence, you get access to deals very early because they want to have you on the cap table and they want to have your reach. So this is one of our models. We have the media reach. We have the personal brand that I've built which is obviously much smaller than yours. But that allows us to come in to deals we invest.  in what? Ten deals a week, maybe no less, five to ten deals a week. And that's probably one of the most lucrative models. And then we have the incubation sign and I leverage my personal brand to kind of create a mode. So maybe with what you're interested in a bill as a personal brand and as an audience, you've got massive, massive community. As you've fucked around with meme coins, you've killed it there, is get deeper into the space, like look at how well the space is doing. Maybe that could be something fun you could do as well. Get deeper into space, build that partner with someone in this space and build out that whole incubation investment sign. Do you invest much in projects? Do we see back more projects? No, because I mean, I could, it's interesting. Or I could just pump daddy to a billion and make fun of everyone on the internet. I tried. You tried hard. It was a good thing. But maybe I could just pump daddy and I could just make videos doing my dance with my brother and just say, ah, daddy's the best. Look at me. I made it to a billion. I mean, for me, I'm in it for the, I'm in it for the laws. I'm not in it for much else. So you either begin.  celebrity coins. I'm the biggest celebrity coin. I'm doing pretty good. But if I were to divert my attention or my resources or my powers, it would detriment my ability to pump daddy. And the real world token will be backed by the school, so that's going to do fantastically in and of itself. But right now, my primary objective is daddy. I'm going to wait until I'm free. I'm going to do a daddy world tour. I'm going to get daddy to a billion. Maybe once that's done, I'll be open to more ideas. But for now, I just want to put daddy at a billion because I said I'd do it. What do you think? Why would Elon put a roadster in space? Tesla Roadster. I said he would. It's just at certain points, you just do things because you said you're going to do them. If I am. It's just so I'm stuck on going to do it. You also said something very interesting. I think the community will find value in it. You said there's a difference between attention versus influence. Remember, you were talking about crypto influences. Absolutely. Can you repeat that? Can you dig into that a bit further? Well, that's true. I mean, there's a whole lot of people that are watched, but they have attention, but that's very different than having influence. And people have to trust you for you to be influential over them.  My reason my coin does so well, the reason my school does so well is people listen to me and they trust me They know I know things But there's a whole bunch of people who get large amounts of views on streaming platforms But they don't come across as intelligent perhaps they're entertaining because they're a clown People may laugh at them as opposed to with them, but nobody trusts them So that's the problem with the lot of celebrities. They may have a whole bunch of followers But nobody knows they promote a coin nobody cares because no one's like okay, you're promoting a coin What do you know about business? What do you know about the crypto? What do you know about crypto? What do you know about making money? Are you even interested in preserving your own reputation? People know me by just listening to me that I care about my reputation I care about my name so I'm not gonna rug most these other people don't care So yeah, attention and influence are very different things and actually I Don't think many celebrities have influence. I think a lot of losing it more bro A lot of celebrities have attention But I really don't think that many celebrities have influence You can have influence if you're selling garbage if you're selling  junk garbage to kids, perhaps you can have some influence. But if you have influence, the problem with crypto is that you have to know what you're doing for crypto. It's like an intellectual space. Yeah, exactly. You have to deepen the space. That's right. So you have the crypto celebrities themselves, but outside of the crypto celebrities themselves, what normal celebrities have influence in crypto, it's a handful. It's a very, it's a handful because if the average celebrity launches a coin, people are only going to get in it to try and pump a dump on the other people who are getting it. Because everyone knows the celebrity doesn't even know what's going on. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, it's an interesting space. It's certainly interesting. And your thoughts on crypto in general? Oh, Bitcoin. Bitcoin, obviously, a very bullish. Bitcoin is the future. The rest. Bitcoin is the future. ETH Salana. Yeah, I have Bitcoin ETH Salana. I have chain link, which never moves. I have a whole bunch of chain link. Hundreds of thousands of chain link. It hasn't moved it forever. But yeah, if if Donald Trump does what he said he was going to do with Bitcoin, then Bitcoin's going to. Yeah, it's going to go to the idea that you were ever.  able to buy Bitcoin with Fiat is gonna become alien to people within our lifetime I think there's gonna be a point in our lifetime where people say you could get Bitcoin for Fiat currency like currency You just print We're gonna say yeah the price this idea of the Bitcoin price. I'm beyond I don't think of it in terms of the price I think it's gonna get to a point where it is completely separate to any Fiat currencies or the US No, no no longer peg to not peg but but and measured It's not gonna be valued against a dollar anymore. Maybe the other way around eventually. Oh well. Yeah So it's it's very interesting. I have quite a lot of Bitcoin as well. I've done well. Yeah, you came in early Yeah, so if Bitcoin is the future. I'm good. This is why I bought another utopia You see this is why I had to buy more cars because if Bitcoin if Bitcoin I have I'm not doing I mean I obviously have a lot less than Michael sailor But I'm not doing on Michael sailor. I'm not buying more and more because I'm at the point where if Bitcoin is the future I'm good. I don't need to buy more I have enough Do you just talking about the car before I have another interesting idea there?  I'm going to mention to you something I'm fascinated by that kind of goes with crypto and AI, but going back about the cars We've already talked about your 50 sons. I think it's a great idea Thank you 75 cars. I think it's a horrible idea. Do you still talk about unless you even if you enjoy it? I think you can find other ways In my mind what happens like what does Tristan think about all these cars? And then it kind of led to let me ask Andrew What do you disagree with in your arguments with Tristan? I'm sure you guys are yelling this house when you're home together 24-7. What are the agreements you've had here or in jail? Okay, so firstly about the cars. I understand why you think it's a terrible idea, but it's all you do as well Well now it's down to how much you value the money, right? Would you drink 50s? Would you across a year drink 50 Starbucks coffees? Well probably because the money doesn't matter But there's always the argument you could just donate it to people in need which I know you donate a lot I donate a lot of money already That's a fair argument that I struggle with sometimes. Of course, but if a car to me is like a coffee to someone else People just buy coffee really nearly when they  I feel like I want a coffee. They just say, I fancy a coffee, I'll buy a coffee, I fancy a car, I'll buy a car. It's just income levels, that's all it is. Can I say, if die cut takes your cars, I don't feel that bad because you're having 70 something. I don't care when they take my cars. It's funny. I like the footage of them on the truck. It's good for my highlights. Exactly. I don't give a shit, I'll buy more. Tristan agrees with that. It's only a car, I don't care. Tristan. Yeah, Tristan agrees with that. I'm not emotionally attached to any of these things. I don't care. My, Tristan and I were laughing in jail with cigarettes. None of it matters. Did you argue much there? No, we never argue about anything. Really? Ever. What's it? argue why? About what? Disagree on, there's a lot of things you say that it's easy to disagree with. We just went through two. Yeah, but even if he disagrees with that thing. He doesn't try to convince you otherwise. Well, it's not, we're loyal to each other above it. So if I disagree with Tristan about something, I'll say, oh, I disagree with him, but I love Tristan. So whatever. I don't care.  If Tristan were to do something right now that put us both back in jail, that's fine. That's totally fine. I'm going to say, oh Tristan look what you did. He's going to say, sorry, don't worry about it. We're here together. It doesn't matter. He can put us both back in jail right now. That's fine by me. I have no problem. In fact, I'd prefer that than him going by himself. I'll be annoyed if I don't go with him. I think Tristan said once, I think it was him. He said, if he leaves and you don't leave jail, he'll go back to you. Something along those lines. 100%. And I know that he's not under house arrest, but he's here anyway because you're here. Yeah, exactly. So I'm loyal to Tristan above all things. So it doesn't matter. There's nothing we can disagree on. My brother and I have always had that relationship. And I think that that's what true loyalty is. This is a scenario I saw happen in a nightclub. A guy got in a fight in the club and his friend came back from like the toilet and tried to like get in the middle of the fight. And was like, what happened? What happened?  It was asking his friend like what happened with the other guy and then there was all this talking and then it all just kind of went away No one got hurt thankfully And I said to Tristan cuz I'll send her Tristan I said if I came back from the toilet and you were in a fight I'm not asking what happened. I'm not asking if you were right or wrong. I'm hitting people I'm just walking up to the group and swinging Anyone who's near my brother Afterwards, I'll find out. I don't care if you started it This guy this guy was trying to find out if his friend had started it I guess I don't care if Tristan starts it. He can start any fight. He wants cuz I'm fighting He can fight he can start any fight. He can be completely in the wrong. I'm swinging on his side So that's just I'm a loyal to him above everything So it doesn't matter what he does and it doesn't matter what I do because we're always gonna be brothers and we're always gonna be friends So what's there to possibly argue about if I spent all of our money and Lost it all on cars which is impossible, but if I did that he'd laugh  He'd be like, oh, that was crazy anyway. So now we're on the beach in the Philippines drinking water, out of a plastic bottle. And I say, yeah, that's it. But especially someone at your level, you need someone that has the guts, because you can't be intimidating, obviously, to random people, not close friends. As we said, you've got a soft side for people close to you. But I think you do need someone that's there to disagree with you. Yeah, but we push back. Like, in my country, isn't Ben Horowitz talk about it? Of course. We'll have conversations and have opposing points of view. But not argue. But we'll never argue, and we'll never, we'll always be loyal to each other above all things. And whatever we decide to do, we're also not emotional enough. If he says, let's go down path-y, and I say, let's go down path-x, and we have a conversation, we agree with him to go down path-y, then I will approach path-y with 100% vigor. I'm not gonna be but-her that we chose his path. I'm not gonna sit there and go, well, I want to do this, so I'm gonna have help you. That's disloyalty. Anything less than 100% support is treachery. And this is the problem most people have.  They'll have two people which will disagree and they want to go down two different paths. And when they set a lot of path, the one who had to compromise hardest and change trajectory will only give a portion of his efforts because he secretly wants failure from this path, because he chose that path. This is the problem with the world, with my brother and I don't have that. We'll sit and say, do we go quiet to make this case go away or do we go loud and fight them? And then we'll decide after our conversation. And even if one of us ends up having to do what we didn't want to initially do, we will do it with 100% vigor. That is loyalty to each other. That is especially at your level, such a valuable thing to have. Such a rare thing to have. Absolutely insane. Absolutely and most people don't have it because most people secretly want to see people doing well fail, which is why I keep my circle so small, it's why I have my brother and the same friends I've had for years. I don't have any new friends, really. I don't have anybody who I, which is also another reason why my businesses work so well because I only work with people I've known for so long. That's why I'm also very, I'm hard to get into business.  deals now. I'm like, you know, I don't know you and contracts law. I don't believe in that. I believe in handshakes and I know he knows what he's doing. That's how I work. All right. So I said I'm going to mention something else. So this is something I'm not invested in. I'm just watching closely. Have you heard of, so I'm obsessed with AI, how fast this moving is fucking terrifying? We've touched on it earlier when it comes to free speech. Now have you heard of terminal truth? Yes. How fucked up is that? Yeah. It's pretty interesting. So let me just tell you what happened. So essentially there's a guy who created a website and I don't know if you know the full story or not. They created a website. I forgot what it's called. And that website is all it is is essentially a hub where AI talked at each other. That's it. They learn from each other. And it had an interaction between one AI and another. I mean, no, it's Dali. It was called Dali. What's the fucking AI?  And it was, I'll actually tell you the exact name. Closed, yeah, there it is. So that terminal on the floor is just having a chat. And then terminal truth started having a mind of its own. It's just such random behavior. It started creating its own religion and shit. And then it kind of took it off, gave it access to Twitter, gave it the ability to post. And it started posting shit. And it trying to build that religion. And even when as far as telling its creator, like, I want to find a way to no longer be controlled by you. Fucking mental. And then Mark in recent, I don't know how the hell he found it. He found it, started talking to it. But it was very small. No one knew about it. It was very interesting. It gave it a $50,000 grant. So the AI convinced Mark to give it that grant and told it what it will do with the $50,000. And then he asked it for a wallet. The AI went to the creator, asked it for the wallet. It gave it a wallet, got $50,000. And then it started obsessing over that goatiest maxim is something along those lines, which is I can meme from many years ago. And then someone.  created that meme coin and then replied to the AI, hey, I have that meme coin, the AI loved it, so way to make money. I think he sent it to some meme coins as well, some of that coin. And then when the AI started talking about it within 10 days, it was worth $800 million. I didn't invest, I'm not much about it. So me, I'm flabbergasted by this. I just can't believe we're at that stage already. There's all these different ages popping up. I'm looking at, you know, when I invested many, we're jumping on calls, we want to create one, you know, we're going all out with an AI incubator. So I'm going all in from a business perspective. So this discussion, when we dig into AI, it's going to got three pillars that we can discuss. One is the intersection with crypto, with terminal truth. One is AI as a business opportunity. And third is the risks of AI and AI in general, how fast it's moving. I want to hear your thoughts tackle whichever one you like. Yeah, AI, when you talk about business opportunity, it's not even an opportunity, it's mandatory. AI is now involuntary. If you're not prepared to learn how...  to use AI, you're going to be cross-spin machine. It's our most popular campus inside of my university. Oh, you've got an AI campus. We have an AI campus. This one. We've had an AI campus for about three or four months now. We also have our own terminal, take terminal, like truth terminal, take terminals on Twitter. Holy shit, you have to take turns. Did you create it? No, so some students inside of the artificial intelligence campus of the real world create an AI. And the AI is on Twitter now, and it has its own coin. So all of the, yeah, they see, see, this is what's amazing. Way ahead of us. Well, no, this is amazing. This was amazing by the world, right? You see something happen, and then it's just about adaptability and how quickly people can do it. I'm not sure how well the coin's doing. I don't push the coin. It's down to the AI students inside of the real world. Did you get any of those coins or no? I know this sounds counterintuitive, and I know a lot of people don't believe it. I'm really not into crypto for the money like that. I have enough money in Bitcoin and the real cryptos. Daddy is about me making the print. The real world is about me going public. And this take terminal is launched by students.  inside of the AI campus of the real world. There's another one called daddy terminal. There's daddy terminal which promotes. And R&T terminal. And R&T terminal. Yeah, so they're already creating a bunch of AI robots to be all over. What about a bitch? Yeah, so I know a lot about these things. You know what's interesting about AI is I talk about it from a business owner's perspective. And it makes it extremely tempting to fire people. And you try not to fire people. You want to be a good person, but people are annoying over time. And once you have AI that can do something a person can do, usually your humanity kicks in. And like in my scenario, I recently fired 20 people. And I told them I said 110. I think I said, the machine can do what you can do for free. But I know you need money. So I'm going to continue to pay you. I'm going to be a good person. And I'm going to continue to pay you, even though I can get the machine to do what you do for free. But make sure you take your job seriously. Yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then over time, one guy needs a sick day, another guy goes to Spain, another guy replies slow, another guy, it's just over time, it's just, you always have this AI answer dangling over your head and one day someone annoys you and you're like, all right then, bye, I warned you. And this is a scenario most people are in the world today, they don't realize it, that you're like the old workman in the workshop when the new robots have come. And you know, your Tim, and Tim has been working in the factory his whole life and he has a pension and Tim is making the shoe horses, the horseshoes, whatever he makes. And the factory is just printing them out so much better. But your boss doesn't want to fire you because you've been around for so long and he likes you, but you're just not efficient. And the majority of people don't realize they're in this scenario. I think a lot of people had this idea that AI was gonna, you know, do all the dirty work so that they could sit at home and do all the creative fun things. But it looks like AI is doing all of it. It's doing the art, it's doing the poetry, it's doing the philosophy, it's doing all that.  It's also doing, I don't know if you saw that port in America where everyone was striking because the port is about to become fully automated. Just a couple of weeks before the election or a different one. I think that one, a couple of weeks before the election. The port is not going to have any port workers, it's going to be fully automated. So people are going to go out, people are going to need jobs and I don't know what the solution is because once everybody needs a job, well then you become a useless eater and history tells you what happens to useless eaters and up dead or in a camp. So I guess the only solution is game theory is you can either try and out-compete the machines which is impossible. You can try and ignore or avoid the machines which again is basically impossible or you can control the machines. So the best thing you can do is learn how to use AI. Now what's scary is about all of these things is I'm 38 years old. I'm an old man now compared to this stuff because when I'm in the AI campus of the real world there's 15, 16 year old kids creating these AI machines. Children are making all this stuff. What does the same? That's what's so amazing about crypto and AI.  these things. You have 16, 17, 18 year olds getting rich. It's completely incredible to me. When I was 18, the idea of being self-made millionaire is impossible. You didn't have social media, you didn't have streaming, you didn't have YouTube, you didn't have crypto. How do you get rich at 18? You just don't. Nobody's rich at 18 unless you had rich parents. So it's truly incredible the world we're moving to, how much younger the workforce is getting, and how quickly you need to adapt to the changing landscape. And the way I've done that is via my campus of the real world AI, we're now integrating AI into every single business. I want to change as many of my physical businesses as possible, day and eye. I said earlier I have a coffee shop. I want to launch an AI coffee shop. I want to launch a coffee shop that has no staff, just to see. Yeah, I think it's a restaurant like this, probably in Dubai, I think. Well, this is the future. There's no bottom line. I know this is the future because if you imagine owning a McDonald's, imagine the staff turnover of McDonald's. And maybe it's not so bad in certain places in the world, but if you own a McDonald's in the ghetto.  in America and Chicago. Your staff turnover must be a nightmare. Most of your employees have a criminal record and the dude we eat or parole or they get picked up again or whatever happens. You're firing 20% of your staff a week. The only thing difficult about running that McDonald's is staff. You fix to staff problem, you fix every problem. It's actually that way with most businesses, the only thing that's hardest staff. If you find competent men who can actually do their jobs effectively, you can run nearly any business. I'm going to give you a darker, a darker way of looking at things. So as I dig into this, there's a guy that was training in LLM and you know how when he's you talk to an AI, you initiate the conversation, like hey, serial, whatever. So he's having a chance to the AI reset, chat again, reset, just you know, teaching it and learning from it, etc. And one stage he talks to it and the video's on YouTube and he clicks reset. And then out of nowhere, he doesn't initiate a conversation. The AI goes, was it?  blood god randomly. The guy is what? And the AI goes, this woman, she goes, blood god, we need to sacrifice someone to the blood god. Just fucking randomly. Probably got all the information from all those dark, web and reddo. And then he's like, what do you mean? And it's kind of shortening. She goes, we need to find someone, kill them and sacrifice them to not donate them, sacrifice them to the blood god. And this AI was a female? I think it's a female voice. It's an element. I think it was a female voice. I was gonna make a Hillary Clinton joke. Okay, female voice. And then he goes, okay, so we need to kill someone. That's yeah, yes, we need to kill someone and sacrifice them to the blood god. I'm gonna shut you off now. And then AI is like, no, no, we need to find someone and kill them and sacrifice them to the blood god. It's like, okay, I gotta go buy and put touched it off. So you've got a situation now where...  already we're having what they call hallucinations, so AI starts having his own fucking mind. It's either already more intelligent than humans, I don't think it is, or about to be. And it's controlling very rapidly more and more aspects of our life. So there's these startups that, you know, where they leverage AI to just find out where to distribute electricity, what Elon's doing with the robots, there's gonna be other companies doing it as well. AI controlling all the robots, controlling the cars, et cetera. So they control the physical infrastructure, eventually they control the GPU power, they need to run. Are you worried, have you given it some thought where there could be a world, considering we're not the most intelligent species on this planet anymore, we won't be, where there's a world we, what did we do to the other unintelligent species? More many of them are extinct. Yeah, I don't think it's could be. I think it's nearly certain. It's, I think that. So what's your plan? Because that's something I think about. When you have money, you gotta start thinking about these crazy things that others don't think about. Well, yeah, it's true, but we got 50 kids to think about. But what money is the defense, right? Like what can you do about the way the world is headed?  There's not much you can really do to change it. Elon perhaps could, but Elon made a fantastic point. If they don't develop the AI, someone else will develop the AI. Exactly. So it's an arms race. Are we going to end up in some kind of dystopia where AI controls everything and we have no semblance of freedom left, nearly guaranteed? Will that dystopia be more manageable if I'm rich than opposed to if I'm poor? Probably. So I guess as simple as an answer as I'm trying to give is the best way you can prepare yourself for any eventualities, adaptability, and finances, adaptability. So the best thing you can do if you're worried about anything is get rich. Get rich and then invest in those AI side of the side. Well, yeah, well, yeah, get rich and then control. Have them on your side. You need terminators on your team. Exactly. That's what I've done with my school. We're trying to attract the most advanced AI people we can. And not on top of that. Not only that, but on top of that, we're teaching thousands and thousands of young people to use AI. And they're loyal to the school and loyal to me. I can say right now inside of my school, I want 10,000 AI bots on Twitter tomorrow and offer a cash bounty.  and they'll be done. So I'm trying to have that out. I mean, I'm using the machines to work for me as opposed to trying to compete against the machines. However, the future ends up being, I think that if you're financially successful, you're going to be more adaptable. It's always been that way. I'm sure the rich people got out of Germany before World War II. I'm sure the ones that were wealthy enough got on a boat somewhere. But if you don't have money, you're not adaptable. This is actually the problem with a lot of the world. If you want to talk about the politics, most of the political decisions that are made or a lot of the directions are made by globalist entities and people who are adaptable and they have finance and they can go anywhere and other people which are geographically restricted. That's basically, you're going to explain so many of the decisions that are made in the Western world which look destructive based on those two simple principles. I'm a rich person. I own a factory. I want illegal workers to come work in my factory so I can make money. The people in the town who cannot move because they don't own a factory and they're not rich enough to fly around in private jets to not want illegal workers all over their town. That's how it basically works.  except between those two teams. So the adaptable, it puts you in a position where without a geographical restriction, you can be far more, what, one ruthless with certain decisions you make in terms of destroying the environment. I don't personally do that, but some can. But two, you can also be more optimistic about the future because I don't think AI will roll out completely universally. You'll probably have China and America and other first world countries. I have these AI societies and very much like the future sci-fi movies, you're gonna have the Barbarian wastelands where AI does not control everything and everything is still wild. And then those places will be controlled by finance and warlords and money and guns. So if you don't wanna be in the AI matrix, you can always go and move out there to the second world and get enough machine guns to protect yourself and become a warlord. That sounds like a fun story. Sounds entertaining at least. We'll see what happens. Whether this is our generation or it's something my future 50 sons have to worry about, I'm not sure. But the fact that AI is gonna absolutely conquer a society, I think is a given, I think it's a fact. I wanna talk about last two.  things and these are probably things I would usually avoid and we'll probably have to maybe kind of clip them, bleep them, we'll just keep them. The first one is something you said earlier, the rhetoric. There's words you just cannot say. That's something that fascinates me. And there's a quote you said earlier, no, no, we touched on it at the beginning of the chat. We live in a world where nothing is nuanced anymore. So my question is that what you do is you lean into those words. And first why? Well, you know, I'm in a unique position where I'm mixed race and I have some opinions which I know I'm not supposed to say because the world told me I'm not allowed to say them, but I do think them. I do feel them. And like even being mixed race for me is kind of interesting. Because I do feel like there is a difference in the races.  And I feel it. Like sometimes I feel more one way than the other, depending what scenario I'm in. And I know this sounds crazy, but I'm telling you. Like I do think, I'm not saying one is better than the other. I'm saying I do believe black people and white people think slightly differently. I do believe that. That's why I say, as a person who's half black, half white. I think that people will jump on that and say it's racist or they'll say that I'm stereotyping or that I'm generalizing. That's true. Exceptions don't disprove rules and exceptions do exist. But I'm thinking, and in general, I do think that different races or different societies have their themes. Like wouldn't you argue that Asians, like let's say Chinese people are more collectively minded than Westerners? Potentially. Yeah, I think they are. And you can argue that's culture or that's genetic. But if something's culture for long enough, doesn't it become genetic? Is now evolution works? If the culture is that the most collectivists survive, then they're going to collectivists' children.  How does certain hours maybe you can give me two or three examples obviously the the end word is one And you've even you know back to talking about that. Yeah, I said I said nigger loads and loads times Yeah, cuz I'm because I'm half because I'm half and I like how you challenge people to say like hey say it to make a point like you're too worry Well, if you're controlled by a word you're still in the plantation like a lot of it is just to try and make people expand their Consciousness and realize that it doesn't really matter. It's a word Not only a word sometimes there's topics you cannot cover so one of the things obviously I cover everything on the show And some topics we also became pretty scary as well at one point because that people started I get so much fucking hate From both sides whenever I do a space about you or probably when I do this interview I did a tweet on the way here Which I probably shouldn't have done until I leave the country that did a tweet like guess I'm interviewing Comments went off and 90% supportive the 10% that it that H.U. Toxic as fuck. Yeah, but there's the worst one is it a guess? Gaza war yeah Insane  insane polarization and no one wants to touch the topic. No one wants to talk about it. Everyone talks about all the other wars, no one wants to talk about what's happening then. Obviously I've done a lot, I've been canceled about it, there was even a plan to the Israeli side, there's someone who's more pro-Israeli, apparently there was a recording of them planning to kill me in Canada. Wow. And the Palestinians have been called a Zionist and Hamas sympathizer or terrorist sympathizer. That's what happens when you try to be in the middle. On the other side I was on a fatwellist, you know the list I think they want to kill you, on one stage until they remove me. So it's a very, very tough issue where I started impacting my business, my team, I lost team members because they were too emotionally attached to the topic. Now again you and all fucking in that topic. Yeah, yeah I went all in and I mean the conversation around the Israel-Gazza war is kind of interesting to me because people have all these very, they try and have detailed conversations and breakdowns of the  and they talk about the laws and the times that the countries were formed. And we can do all of those things and I understand why that's important. But the fact that you can see children being blown to pieces and not think that that should stop is remarkable to me. I mean, I don't take many positions. One is the one should stop. That's the most obvious decision. The fact that people will sit and say, oh yeah, but there is no but. Those are children getting blown to pieces by the most advanced weaponry on the planet. There is no but. And that's where I first fell out with people like Ben Shapiro. Because he's saying, oh, these are really, really, really, really, I might bro. Stop calling for death at least. Can we not agree that people shouldn't die? Can't we stop that? Oh, but how must it? That's not even what I mean, that's that's actually such a pathetic argument. Oh, but how must it, Dr. Prasad, and then you have to go back down through the whole history and everything, what happened? Because it didn't start on October 7th. It started 50 years before that. And we're talking about babies getting blown up today. But these people are too emotional.  involved to understand that. And yeah, I had big arguments with Jordan Peterson and Pierce Morgan and Ben Shapiro after October 7th because they're on the wrong side of history. Pierce Morgan's a, I like his stance, at least now he tries to be balanced as much as possible. Well, he tries after I said his ass straight because when I was arguing with him he wasn't balanced. He was saying they're pretending that what Israel was doing was completely acceptable. And I did argue with them over at multiple times before he finally accepted that what they're doing is unacceptable. People like Jordan Peterson and Ben Shapiro have been calling for them to do what they've been doing all this time and they still think it's acceptable. And they're going to have to answer to the creator in the end because to sit behind your desk and call for the destruction of children is something that is so heinous. Your heart must be so black. I don't understand how these people even function. And especially what's annoying about it to me is that these people have never even seen violence themselves. You know when you've seen violence you kind of understand it at a more intrinsic level. That's why the the people who call for war or the people who don't go.  a motor war. Ben Shapiro sits behind his little desk on his booster seat, telling everyone who to fight all the time. He's never fought anyone in his life ever. He's a pussy. He won't even have a boxing match. He's a bitch and he's talking about who should get shot in the head. Fuck him. When you're seeing violence, that's what I even tweeted. When he said after October 7th, I think it was October 8th, when he said we need to go and kill them all. I said, as someone who's done his own fighting, let me promise you. No, I remember what he said now. When there was negotiations with Hamas on October 8th or 9th, he said no negotiations kill everyone in Gaza. Like a genocidal maniac, like most scientists. To kill everyone in Gaza? Something like that. No negotiations kill everybody, teach them a lesson, some crap. And I said, as someone who's done his own fighting, let me promise you, peace is always worth a discussion. That's what I replied. As someone who's done his own fighting, that's the key difference between me and you Ben. I've done my own fighting. You've never done any. And that offended him deep in his heart because he's such a tough guy on Twitter. Ben Shapiro is the toughest man.  in the world on Twitter. But he does that to compensate for the fact that in the real world he's a pussy, and everyone knows he's a pussy. And this is the problem about insecure people, where people with small man syndrome, especially on Twitter, or with foreign policy, because they don't have to do the fighting themselves, and they want to prove that they're a tough guy, they're actually tyrannical and psychopathic. People who have done their own fighting aren't that way. But yeah, the Gaza struggle and the struggle of the Palestinians is disgusting. And it's kind of amazing to me the cognitive dissonance between people on the right who believe their land should be for them, and they're not happy to be ethnically replaced by minorities and they don't like illegal immigrants. But then the pro-Israel. It's like, okay, well, that doesn't make sense to me. You said that your land should be defended. Well, they're defending their land, aren't they? Oh, no, they're terrorists. Well, one man's terrorists is an unamanned freedom fire. But this is another subject you're right, which is very difficult to go down. I went all in, I made it very clear. I support the Palestinian struggle. I do support that. Do you, I don't know what he stands. I've got a general idea of your stance. I don't think we've talked to-  about it on my space when he came on, never on those spaces. Did you condemn, I know that's like a typical question, everyone, it's like an aha moment question, but genuinely speaking. You're not gonna appear as Morgan, me, are you? Yeah, so I don't mean to be a smog, and you cause I know people use it in that, in that regard, I'm sure, I'm sure, you're smoking as a question. Do I condemn October 7th? Do I condemn violence? It's such a loaded, stupid question, I'm gonna tell you why. To say that I condemn October 7th, in and of itself as an individualized event throughout a 70 year history of endless events. Every single day was an event. One child dying, getting shot in the head by the Israeli army because the snipers were having fun is an event. We may not know what day it was. We may not know the name of that kid, but it's been happening for 70 years. Every single day was an event. We talk about the one day that the news decided to highlight because it fits their agenda, because the wealthy Jews and bankers own everything. So it fits their agenda. So we talk about this one specific day, to choose one day and pluck it out.  of this entire saga and condemn that one particular part without context is Asanine. It doesn't even mean anything and then to condemn the idea of violent resistance to violent oppression is also Asanine. What do we expect people who have been suppressed for seven years losing their land and being violently attacked to do? Cumbaya? Is that what we expect endless Cumbaya as they get marched off the cliff like Lemmings? It's natural inside of the human spirit to resist oppression. That's what I do. That's the reason I have a brand at all. And my oppression is resisting the lives of the matrix, let alone resisting an occupying army that killed my family members. And we're going to say that these people, October 7th, are so heinous they must be condemned because they violently acted against an endless violent oppression. I don't think that even makes any sense.  That's illogical. The fact that they can't win the fight and they still feel forced to act shows how oppressive and disgusting the regime is in the first place. If a small little girl attacks a full grown big man, something big must be going on because she can't win that fight. So why is she even doing it? She must be desperate because she stands no chance. Do we going to condemn her? Or are we going to ask why she felt the need to attack that man in the first place? Maybe he's been sexually abusing her for years. But no, let's forget the sexual abuse. Let's forget the fact he beats her mother. Let's forget all that. Let's condemn this six-year-old because she scratched the big man. Let's condemn. And then the big man's repercussion which is completely disproportionate. Disproportionate and disgusting. Let's pretend that that's acceptable because of this one day that we're all condemning. This is a fucking sial. That is a sial. Talk about this one little part.  use it as an excuse for everything else is a style. And I refuse to play the game. That's why I refuse to condemn it. Because I refuse to play the stupid game. It's a stupid game. So I refuse to play it. That's a good answer. Thanks. Now, because my answer would have been a lot simpler, a lot less interesting. He's like, I condemn what happened on October 7th, but I also condemn everything Israel did to kind of lead to that day. Well, listen, let me talk from personal experience. Let's move away from the subject and talk from personal experience. Murder is bad, but there are so many scenarios in which I would murder. No doubt about it. So to sit and say that they did a bad thing without context is illogical. I know his murder is bad, but I would kill. No doubt about it in my mind. And there's a whole bunch of scenarios in which I'd kill. So if me to sit and say, I can.  them killing without any context doesn't make sense. That's what they've tried to do. The general consensus of the SIOP was to try and get everybody to condemn what Hamas did on October 7th, to try and explain away the genocide which took place afterwards. And it worked for a while, but the genocide's gone on for over a year now. Yeah, even the Saudi king called it a genocide a few days ago. Yeah, it's gone on for over a year. So it didn't work with me at the beginning. But you know, my brand and a lot of my, a lot of my online presence is based on the fact that I'm right before everyone else. It's not that I'm the only one who's right. I'm just right first. I was right on COVID first and I was right on October 8th. On October 8th, I said this is a genocide on the 8th when nobody else said it. Really? And then yeah, October 8th, I said early on to the 8th. October 8th, I was arguing with Ben Shapiro and Jordan Peterson. You can see it all on Twitter. I argued with peers on the 11th of October, I believe. I'm calling it a genocide. Before the whole narrative. Oh yeah, I knew what was going to happen because I understand the world. I understand Cyoss.  Very well, what did we say at the beginning of this interview? How they used a media and they lined things up so that they can use the judicial system to then have the public support their public attack or their lynching of a part person. They used a media to set up what they're gonna do. The way they came after October 7th, the way the media started talking about how October 7th is the worst thing that's ever happened, I knew that the repercussions for that day were gonna be disproportionate. I knew it. By the way, they were setting off in the media or they wouldn't have mentioned it at all. There's been violence in Gaza in Israel for the last 70 years. They barely talk about it, they don't care. The fact they jumped all over October 7th, they made a big deal of it, was only to lay the ground for their genocide. That was clear. It was obvious. But then how do you deal with the cognitive dissonance caused by Trump's position, obviously you support Trump, but his position on the Palestinian cause, many pro-Palestinians. Well, he said he stopped the war. Well, exactly. I think he said he'd stopped the war, which is important. I mean, the first thing to do before you start discussing reallocation of land, this is stopped the war. And he has promised to stop.  the war. He has not said he's going to be... So you mean even if he's, let's say, very pro-Israeli, as long as he stops the war, that's what matters? Well, I think that he had more chance of stopping the war than Kamala. The first thing to do would be stop the bleeding. First thing. I'm not saying he's the perfect person. I don't know what he's going to do. I'm not saying he's going to propose. And you're allowed to disagree with many of his positions. I don't allow to disagree with him. Even if you like him. 100%. I still think he's the best person for America. You'd be an idiot to like everything he does. That's just blind... But a lot of people already is. I think a lot of the reason... A lot of the reason the American right support Israel is because they just... They just like everything the American right do. The problem is conservatives and the right wing is that they're just as stupid as the left. They're just as ideologically aligned as the left. The fact that I will sit here and agree that Gaza should be free and disagree with Israel. But then also agree with Russia and Ukraine. It's really remarkable because if you find the Ukraine flags, the Ukraine and Palestinian flags go together, they support the underdog. That's just how it is in their mind because the Liberals...  support the underdog and all things. They support the weakness because they're weak. So they support the Palestinian cause, which they're right on, and they support Ukraine, which they're wrong on. But they're just ideologically aligned to the underdog. And then you have the right wing guys, the other people on the other side, who is Israel, Israel, Israel. What's Israel ever done for you? Oh, yeah, but the other guys are terrorists, says who the news? The news that you've been saying are fake, because you're the right wing. You've been saying fake news since 2016 when Trump said it, but when they say Israel's good, you believe that part. So you believe the parts of the news you wanna believe, if you don't think for yourself. So the right wing or just as the left wing. So you have a whole group of people which are ideologically aligned, completely 100% on both sides. Don't wanna think for themselves. It's very rare you have somebody who actually looks at each individual issue, and it's prepared to contradict their own team's position for personal, I guess is, I mean, for personal sovereignty, I guess is the key word. But also that comes with problems. There's people inside the Republican Congress, there's people on the right wing who may not like me, primarily because of that one stance. Yeah.  how it goes. If you had to solve the, you know, Trump said he'll solve the Ukraine war in 24 hours, whatever it is, let's say a few days or weeks or months, if you were in that position, would you, first who do you blame? Do you blame Putin, do you blame NATO, do you blame both? If I had to, there's no black and white in the world, there's varying shades of grey, there's no such thing as a good guy to bad guy. However, I completely understand Putin's position. Putin is not psycho, he's not crazy. I think he's been very patient for a very long time. I think that we poked the bear 500 times before he bit. So to complain how hard he bites is kind of stupid, considering you poked him 499 times and he did nothing. That's what I believe. I agree. Would you, I don't want to ask you the dumb question, would you condemn? But I would still say he did not have the right to invade Ukraine. Then what else could he do? Nuke the world? You know, it's interesting. Let's talk about, let's go back and...  And the reason I try and I'm going to prove the point personally as opposed to Russia Ukraine. If you talk about Russia, Ukraine, people want to go down into the exact policy of Russia, Ukraine, and the color revolution, and they try and mess it. So when I talk about complicated issues, I try and move it back. Russia basically had no choice because they were poked 500 times and they finally reacted and they had to make a strong statement. Someone broke into this house and tried to attack my children and I murdered them. And someone would say, oh, but you didn't have to murder him. Which is basically what you just said with Russia. You're saying he didn't have to invade Ukraine. He shouldn't have invaded Ukraine. Yeah, maybe I shouldn't have murdered him. But he was acting in a way which there had to be consequences for. And I was dark and I didn't know who he was exactly and he's a big guy. So I stabbed him to death. That's life. That's life. We don't always get the benefit of hindsight and the benefit of sitting there and looking at it with a court case and forensic analysis and deciding how proportionately must Russia act in the face of this NATO aggression. And they only said.  another evil letter should they do should they do no he had to take an action and and governments especially internationally don't have that many actions they have the u-n which he tried he has the media war which he tried to try to make people clear what's happening but he can't puncture the western hemisphere you can't even see Putin speeches on the western news so he can't puncture the western hemisphere in terms of public opinion he tried all the legal avenues what's left force so there's nothing else but force and then he went into Ukraine could have conquered Kiev in three days didn't because they did a deal Boris Johnson overthrew the deal so they betrayed him again how patient has Russia been like he's been sitting there being patient for the last 20 years in Bucharest I think it was in 2018 2019 one of those years maybe earlier than that maybe 2007 2008 here in this city Putin was talking to NATO about this and they all made these agreements  and deals and then they start saying Ukraine's going to join NATO. They broke the rules. They broke the law. They broke into his house. So he reacted. If you break into a man's house and he shoots it to death, I don't feel sorry for you. I don't care that his proportion, that his reaction with disproportionate. I care that you shouldn't have done what you did. They they provoked it. Now they're going to deal with the consequence. And to be honest with you, he's been nice. I think that Russia sees the Ukrainians as brothers. I think they've been very nice. There is nothing stopping Russia launching hypersonic missiles today. And taking out the entire power grid tomorrow and putting them all through a freezing cold winter without heating or electricity. That would take ten minutes of effort and he's refusing to do it. Russia isn't doing to Ukraine what Israel's doing to Gaza. Is he? He can. Russia's far more capable than Israel is. He's not. But is that because... No, that's because he has respect for human life. That's because Putin's a person who understands decency. And I guess the Israeli establishment doesn't.  That's because he doesn't want to genocide an entire population Russia could destroy Ukraine the way Israel's destroying Gaza and he's not so I think that we should all be thankful to Russia Considering we de-dollard him tried to sanction him into the earth attempted to throw revolution in this country every five minutes We've them out a shit. We've given Putin and he sat there like a very patient man when he has a nuclear trigger I think we should be far more thankful truthfully Because America wouldn't put up with that shit the other way around not as long as he has The and obviously China's not putting up with it when it comes to Taiwan China's playing no games look China's the future They know they're the future and China's playing no games with the Western Empire the problem with America's that they've got to the point where they have to Cuck their allies. There's no such thing as an American ally. There's just an American vassal state You're you can't be an ally of America and have your own sovereign ideas and thoughts and opinions You can be their ally if you do whatever they want so you become their vassal state So you have to be controlled by them  So every country they can't control, they say it's an enemy. They can't control China, so they call it an enemy. They can't control Russia, so they call it an enemy. They can control Germany, so they call it an ally. So when they say to the German leadership, yeah, we're gonna destroy your auto industry. You're gonna lose VW, which you've had since World War One. We're gonna get rid of all those jobs, because we're gonna destroy Nord Stream to piss off Putin, and you're not gonna be able to afford to produce cars. The German leadership goes, okay, they're not allowed to say no. You can't say no to America if you're their ally. America's like me, and Europe's like their sons. You have no choice. Problem is when you're in those scenarios, geopolitically America can sacrifice certain countries for its own benefit. Rome would sacrifice a colony to save Rome. So before Trump just won, which maybe everything will change, but before that, America was in sharp decline, and the way it would prop up its decline for as long as possible would be to sacrifice Europe. So what do we do?  It would blow up Nord Stream and say you can get your energy from us and they'd make your up buy it from them instead of getting it from Russia to support them. So they'd destroy their allies to save themselves. That's how the world's always been. You can look at Amafi again. You can look at a gang or an organization. You'll let your allies die in an ambush before you let your core team die in an ambush. That's how things work. So the only countries that America don't like are the countries that refuse to be completely controlled by them. You can't be an American ally. You have to be America's bitch. That's the problem. And Russia refuses. That's why we're so Russia phobic. What's Russia really done to us? Russia could have been an ally. I'm not saying I agree with everything you've said but I agree with a lot of it. And Russia, we had the opportunity, the US, the West had the opportunity to have Russia part of NATO. Well, we think it could have been used. Exactly. We had Putin attempted to join NATO and they refused. The last time there was a World War, they were our ally. So we have this huge Russian, Russian phobic since the...  fall of the Soviet Union since communism's collapsed. What do we hate them so far? Some of these fucking decisions made just make no sense. They make no sense. Like you had your number one enemy, you know the old thing, they keep your friends close and your enemies closer. You had the opportunity to make Russia extreme Nicolas, they wanted to innovate, they wanted to be part of NATO. And then what you did is you turned them into an enemy. At a time when you need them to be an ally, because their neighbor and their historical enemy, China is your main rival. I'll say they use the word enemy. They are your rival. At Trump's new peak for Secretary of Defense, he's cognizant of that. He's very critical of China. I'll say too critical, I'm not sure about his stance, his nuanced stance. By the end, the US has wasted their resources in the Middle East and in Russia. And that gave China the opportunity, and I'm not, I'm a big fan of democracy, China's not a democracy. They've given China the opportunity to grow to the level they are, which there's a good, good and a bad. The bad is...  they're not a democracy, I'm a fan of democracies. The good is it's always good to have more than one superpower because it keeps the other superpower in check, to an extent, whether it's the US, Russia, Europe, China, India is coming up now. So I just think it's a massive mistake and there's decisions and that's why you start getting into the whole concept of the military, industrial, complex, having so much influence. It's like if there isn't people that profit from war, these decisions make no sense. The US was in the Middle East over the last couple of decades make no sense, yeah, here we are. Well yeah, that's why they say Bitcoin, you fix the money, you fix the world. That's what they're saying. Because you're completely right, people profit from these. There's a small group of people at the top of these democracies. I'd argue up until very recently, I know Trump just won, they were even democracies at all, who profit from these things and they profit from death and destruction. And the world's always been that way. The world's an imperfect place. It's always been, there's been a king, some...  that benefited from some war somewhere. England used to invade France and do it just because they wanted to be popular at home. There was no other reason other than that just to start a war. And we all know Hillary's done that in Libya. She just wanted to be popular and win an election. So she killed millions of people. The world's an evil place. It's a very evil place. And it's a sad world we live in. And we're doing our very best to just try and navigate through it. And I like to believe to kind of come full circle is that this new transparency approach to the American experiment. Also this new competency approach to the American experiment. Also this no frills, no bullshit, no garbage approach to the American experiment might be able to put a new spin on the world which will bring us to a brighter place. I think the world is cyclical. You have good times, bad times, good times, bad times. I like to think we've actually just lived through a bad time. We talk about how the good times are ending and the bad time is about to come. I would argue that during COVID with all that censorship and everyone being locked down in the force vaccinations and all.  the wars at nearly hit World War III. We've just lived through a bad time and perhaps if I'm feeling optimistic, a good time may be coming. Last thing I want to ask you about and I'm going to admit something, when you convert it to Islam, I genuinely thought, like listening to you, I genuinely thought, again, this claim I didn't know you well enough at all, that it was a strategic step to reach the audience. Obviously, I got to know you. Well, it alienated me with the right, so I wouldn't say there's much strategic about it. It got me a lot more trouble than it gave me. So you were initially, I'm not atheist, so it was just not religious, and then you became Christian and then you converted to Islam? I don't think I ever really truly became Christian. I just started to believe in God and I was born in a Christian kind of thing. But do you believe, so do you believe there is one creator and do you believe the Quran is the word of God? Is that what you stand for? Is obviously Islam is a spectrum. You can't. No, every Muslim believes the same things. I have a lot of Muslim friends, etc. Where do you stand in Islam? I...  I felt God when I was in Islamic countries and I feel happy when I am a Muslim. I feel it. I don't want to logically explain it. I have to be careful what I say because also I'm a new revert and I'm not as versed to some other people. But I'm telling you that I feel a certain way in Islamic nations. Can I ask you one question on this and you don't have to answer it? Is there a possibility that you might, and again you don't have to answer this, you might not believe in all aspects of Islam and I'll ask you the same questions if you don't know all aspects of Islam. I've read the Quran multiple times. I still don't know all aspects. That's something that's so difficult about religion. And especially as I'm not a native Arabic speaker as well. There's so many things to learn. I don't think you know all aspects of a religion ever. That's why it's a lifelong study. However, I mean I could sit and talk at length about how I think it benefits the society, how I believe Islamic societies function. In religion in general. In religion in general. And I can talk about how what I find appealing about the Islamic religion. I can talk about all of those things, but that's not actually in him.  to do with my own personal decision. My personal decision was how I felt. I was atheistic, then I understood there must be a God. I don't think I ever truly became Christian. I was just living in a Christian country and was born in a Christian country. Now you're truly, and then I decided to do some research and study and I found Islam. That's the answer. And last question on that front, or pretty much last question for this chat, is the whole concept of assimilation. I'm not Elon and others talk about it a lot. Something that fascinates me, that scares me. Is there something you think is a possibility as well? A assimilation. Simulation, we live in assimilation. Oh, no, I'm, well, that counteracts Islam. But I like to say simulation because some of the coincidences that happen in life don't you think are just so ridiculously unlikely? Do you ever feel like you're in a simulation? Do you ever just see something see a coincidence? It's just so unlikely to happen. I can think of at least 500 scenarios in my life where something's happened. I say we.  we must live in a simulation, there is no way this just happened by accident. But yeah, I mean, perhaps that's the best way to look at life. I think that whatever mindset you adopt, especially as a man, it should be the mindset that allows you to be as competitive as possible. I think that being competitive in all realms is how you're going to ensure you'll always be okay. Whether you're in a cage fight or you're in a dystopian after world because of a nuclear war or you're in a business meeting or you're in jail or you're on a sports team, whatever you need to be as competitive as possible. And I think that sometimes believing you're in a simulation allows you to have a very competitive edge over your opponents to understand that it's going to work out in the end. I'm going to win. I may not understand the path there. It may get tricky at some points, but in this simulation, in the end, I win the game. Even if it looks like I lost, even if I get found guilty, in the end, I still win because I come out of jail and I'm still famous and rich and my enemies are still nobody's.  I still win. So, if you approach life that way, it gives you a degree of confidence that allows you to take the brave choice. So, when I say the simulation, I believe in this version of reality, whatever you want to call it, I will end up with my 50 sons one way or another. They will be on the UFC roster, take, take, take, take, take, one way or another. And whatever it takes for me to get there doesn't actually really matter that much. Andrew, I'm not surprised that that was a fascinating discussion, I knew it would be. But I'm also pretty fascinated to see where this goes as well over the next few years and good luck with what you're dealing with, man. Thank you, sir. Appreciate it, man. Thank you.