 So your dad was in the CIA, right? Yes. A society where a man will not be controlled by a female's feelings. It's a society that will be successful. Let's take it back to Ukraine Russia. Who are these people who decide they can start World War III? West is ruined by men who will sit there and allow their female to control them. China is we do what's best for China. We don't do what's best for you. Do you have any regrets about the way that you close the gap? No. Jay Z-sold drugs, all the rappers sing about selling drugs and killing people. What did I do? What's your opinion on Agenda 2030? Well, yeah. Now I'm 18 years old, so I'm a millionaire. And I'm like, how did you get rich? Oh, I'm a streamer. I'm a YouTuber. There's about 20 different ways an 18 year old can get rich. When I was 18, you weren't rich. No one was rich. But if you were to go back and say, look, the life-changing money for me was made by what? Webcams? Yeah, but... When was the last time you called?  I don't cry very often, I cry very f***ing. AI within 50 years is going to be at a level where it can destroy humanity. When a man like that steps into life and is in your life for 23 years, they have a profound effect on you as a man. My trainer's probably the most important man who's alive breathing in my life today. If you make people feel better, which is effectively what we do. This is what we do as a business. You make people feel better. Good, just do me a favor, never remove anything negative about me, I like it. We might just run around, yeah, that one was right, that one wasn't. I was with him for a year, we slept together a hundred times, but two of them were right. None of this even makes sense. What ever happens to you, big guy? Well, should I get seized? No, you still got that. What, in Rome, anyone? No comment. Do you think that now that Trump's in charge, that he's going to f***ing... Trump is Batman. Have you seen him Batman and where he says everyone?  hates me but it doesn't matter I'm not the hero they want I'm the hero. If there's one piece of gold and pearl wisdom you could leave and impart in this audience it's going to move in one percent for all their life from today they can take action on what it is. Well that's a good question. There's a few stories about female prison guards that I've heard that Mayor should be told on this podcast. I can't tell on this podcast friend I have to escape the Romanian judicial system and then that's actually I will give you a I use actually Tristan still are you are you saying that female prison guards in Romanian prisons are not professionals I'm saying that you have to talk to Tristan about whatever he was is Tristan saying the female prison guard other professional they're very professional yeah okay high-professional professional say like to carry themselves well supposedly it's what I heard supposedly we we you two in in the cell together eventually yeah at the first we weren't but then we made a whole bunch of happy memories and and  truthfully, the hardest times in life are the best times of life. I don't know how else to put it in a way that people understand. Whenever anyone complains about the bad things that happen to them, I think they have the complete mental, wrong mental model. So where are you out with the case right now? Because I've been reading tweets from you lately that say you're a pivotal point. What pivotal point is this? The remaining judicial system is interesting. I can't pretend to understand it even after all this time. We recently just got a very big ruling where the judge ruled the 80% of the evidence against us is illegal evidence. It was illegally obtained, which means it was illegal. They illegally spied on us. They didn't have warrants. They didn't have authorizations. They falsified translations. They lied. They just lied. The whole police setup was corrupt. So all that evidence has been thrown out. So as it currently stands, in a very simple form, they had a file, side one, side two, a bunch of evidence in the middle. The file still exists.  But 80% of the evidence in the middle has been thrown out. So now we have to see if the file is strong enough to proceed and from my understanding it's not. Has it been completely thrown out or is there an amendment period? There's a five-day amendment period, but there's no way DeCott can possibly amend what they have in these five days. So what I believe they're gonna do is take the first file and second file, mix them together, and just throw it back to a judge just to waste more months in my life before a judge reads it all again and then lets us go. So along this process, what is the time frame in terms of whether you're gonna be convicted or not convicted of your supposed crimes? Years, years. We're years away from anything substantial in either direction. I might be free to move soon, but like I said, the remaining judicial system is extremely, it's the Soviet system. It's not like we know in the West. It's very slow, it takes a very long time, and the reason I'm struggling to answer this question is because the more I've researched the remaining judicial system, the more fresh.  I've been in my position. To me, in my current mindset, the case doesn't exist. And I'm just living my life, and I'm home because I want to be because it's raining. And I'm glad I got to go to jail and have a fantastic time with my brother as one of my happiest memories. It's not the worst home to be in either. No, yeah. And there is no case in my mind. And if the police come knock one day and say I have to go back to jail, then I get another fantastic holiday with my brother. And it's a very unique, interesting experience. Some people want to go see this Titanic and a tiny little shell, which gets crushed. And some people want to go climb mountains and there's lots of people who do things which are very uncomfortable to enjoy the experience and talk about it. And I'm very prepared to go back to jail and enjoy the experience. There is no case. I'm totally emotionally over it. After three years, I don't have any emotional investment in it. I'm not excited. I'm not scared. I'm not happy. It doesn't matter if I get good news, bad news. None of it matters anymore. But if you look to your balance sheet on your businesses, you've probably made more money in the last three years by being at home than if you'd been out flying around the world to Croatia. Yeah. I've probably made a lot more money being at home.  then I would have made him I was traveling and living my life in some respects. But in fact, I would actually love to somehow split myself and have the version of events where I didn't get arrested and the version of events where I did get arrested and add it all up at the end to see if I made more because although this has made me monumentally more renowned, it has geographically restricted me and it has resulted in a lot of bands and banking and processing problems and money laundering charges and all this garbage. A lot of seizures, lots of money was taken but it did make me more famous. So it's hard like it's hard to compare the two and decide which one it would have actually been. If you were to put the financial loss and the seizures into a financial point of view, how much money are we talking? 200 million. About that. About 200 million dollars. I've lost. Incas assets. No, cars assets, seizures, everything about 50, 60 million. But we lost payment processors, we lost banks, we had months where we weren't processing or taking any money for our companies, I've lost contract.  I've lost sponsorship deals that it's about 200 million. And what is your main businesses at the moment? The only businesses I mention online are my school, which is the real world, my university, and I also got the War Room, which is my private network. I think most people who have seen me have seen me mention my university before. We teach 18 modern wealth creation methods, so it's an online school that teaches people how to make money online specifically. So that's your front business, but are you still involved in casinos and clubs and all that kind of stuff as well at the back end? So yeah, what I've had to do, because let's talk about this from a philosophical perspective. This garbage case was drummed up on me. I'm in Romania. It's kind of very interesting. Before my case, the ballot has said to you, the Romanian police stink this, you'd say, the Romanian police. Everyone would roll their eyes, but after my case, they're like, well, the Romanian police, we all know what this is. So why did it happen to me? Well, I can, what did we say earlier? It's very interesting. I like going back and checking my thinking. We said earlier that you can have a point of view and you can apply, you have a triangle with three points. Do you have something in the middle?  and it looks different from every single perspective. We can talk about my case from a judicial perspective. Why do rich people catch cases in countries like Romania? We can talk about the fact that it is very common for people who are outlandishly wealthy in communist, previously communist states to catch criminal cases. And it's a way to subjugate and satisfy those who are not wealthy to show that being rich has a consequence to avoid discontentment amongst the populace. We can talk about it from that perspective. Then we can talk about it from a philosophical perspective. Why did this case happen? Well, this case happened for me to learn things. What did you learn? Well, there's some lessons for me to learn. Lesson one, which is a lesson that I saw, I observed, but I refused to learn, which is to be more careful what I say on the internet. But I refused to learn that lesson. I see the lesson. The gold coin's been offered to me, but I've declined. But is that to do with ego? I think it's to do with simple risk reward. But it's.  I've decided that the consequences of talking on the internet are worth it. So I'm going to do it. Same as robbing a bank. But if another man was showing a lesson and you saw him in real life, not following the lesson from the content that I've seen of you over the last five years, you I believe that you'd call him a fucking idiot. Well, it depends on the lesson and it depends. He's prepared to take the consequences. If you're going to sit and feel sorry for yourself for the consequences of your own actions and I'll call you an idiot, if you're going to make a conscious decision and live with the consequences like a man, I'll never call you an idiot. If you're going to sit there and say, this may result in this, but I'm prepared for it, then go for it all day long. But you can't sit and say, oh my God, I don't know. Have you ever seen me on any podcast cry about going to jail? Have you seen me say the, it's corrupt and it's not fair. I went to jail. I went to jail because I had a big mouth and I pissed off important people. Fine. I haven't stopped. I'll keep doing it. Put me back. Fine. I've made my choice. I made my decision. I'm not crying about it.  So your dad was in the CIA, right? Yes. And growing up, you're learning, Jess, off your dad, you're teaching you about the CIA operations that it may have been involved with. Now, you and I both know the CIA control, like to control both sides of narratives geopolitically. They have, they own the good side of the argument and they own the bad side of the argument. So what would your, so people have got it in their heads that you could be, you know, control opposition in this case. Interesting. You know, what's your, what's your thesis on this? Are you control opposition? Because, you know, people are asking, well, I see why they, some people may think that, I guess. I mean, it's, it's pretty empty logic, though, because I think what I try and do is convince people to think for themselves as opposed to make them think anything at all. So from the masculine perspective, if you're control opposition, yeah, you got a good narrative, but from the female perspective, if you're, if you're control opposition, you could potentially have a different perspective. Like in terms of like, you could, women, women could be antagonized by you.  I'm gonna say, yeah, but if I was controlled opposition, I don't think I would have gone to jail. That's one of the good things about my criminal cases that it's justified. It'd be a great comfort wouldn't it? Well, it would, but I mean, that's a pretty deep to the legitimacy levels. It's not normally how it works. But I like to think that I convince people to think for themselves as opposed to trying to make people think anything at all, and that's what they fear most. And people can come to their own conclusions. I'm sure there's fans of mine who believe all different types of things. I'm sure there's fans of mine who are a fan of mine for the mindset and the mentality of speaking their minds that have completely opposing viewpoints. Are you a reader? Are you a read books? In jail. Outside of jail, I'm pretty busy. Have you read the 4-8 laws of power? I have read the 4-8 laws of power, yes. When I look at your writers to know try it on the internet and how you've conducted yourself and controlled the narrative in certain respects and put yourself out there, I would say that you'd probably used a lot of the lessons within that book to create the cut through. Well, yeah, there's universal.  There's universal laws of power. There's universal laws of the universe. I mean, there's things which are just always objectively true and Even if you don't read that book if you look at the most powerful people in the world or people who conduct themselves in a professional manner They're gonna be adhering to a lot of the laws and rules inside that book There's some things that just are the way they are Well one of the things that I believe that you did which was which was great for in terms of cut through was you picked an enemy Right you picked an enemy a.k.a. Or did the enemy pick me? This is the thing did the enemy create me? Maybe I am the end result of their own hubris Everything I said earlier in this podcast about equal and opposite forces Newton said that the man the smartest man in the world with the apple Newton said there's equal and opposite force to further you push left with your insanity the harder you demonize men The harder you try and force a false version of reality over everyone's eyes The harder of a pushback you're gonna get that's reality that's life, but you wouldn't have any ability to make content or have the  opinions that you have without a common enemy in front of you. Correct. So they created me. If there was no enemy, what would I even be talking about? Why would I sit here and be on a podcast saying, women can't drive it, everyone going, yep, it's not podcast. It's not podcasting me to say women should be focused on having children instead of being on Instagram. If everyone sat there and said, yes, it wouldn't be a podcast. But there's many enemies you could have picked. You picked the establishment. Are there? You picked the establishment. What's the other enemy? Oh, you could have picked smaller enemies, but you wanted to go big. Well, the establishment is all encompassing. The establishment is all encompassing because you can apply it to anything. I can sit here and talk about Ukraine, Russia, or war and how the establishment is wrong. We could talk about the genocide in Gaza and how the establishment is wrong. We could talk about birth rates and how the establishment is wrong. We could talk about drug use and how the establishment is wrong. Well, let's take it back to Ukraine, Russia, because as I landed here the other day, the Ukraine have now got the rights, supposedly, because of the government over in the US that they've just fired US-made rockets into Russia.  Well, that just is very interesting because to me, that just highlights the fallacy of democracy, doesn't it? Because nobody in America wants that. Nobody in America wants that or voted for it. Nobody. So who are these people who decide they can start World War III? Because they're supposed to be democratically elected to represent their populations, but literally nobody wants it. Same in UK, Kier Starmers, the most hated prime minister in history. Nobody's giving him authorization to do anything. I wouldn't give him authorization to fucking drive a bus. Let alone send storm shadow missiles into Russia. Guys are dummy. I presume you know the actual truth behind the South Portrait. Well, supposedly he was the lawyer or no. So the Rwandan warlord who's son went into that school and that narrative and shot or stabbed or whatever he did with murdered those people. The thesis is cannot confirm or deny this, but...  The thesis is that he represented the dad and allowed him to seek asylum in the UK. That's right, Kierstarmer, helped the father of the Southport killer who murdered three little girls stay in the UK. Why do we allow immigrants to stay in the UK at all? What's the typical excuse used by the people who advocate for their own population replacement? Do you know what it is? Go ahead. It's because we don't have enough people to do the job, so we don't have enough population. Yeah. So, because we're from like you being from Luton and maybe from Piedbra, that is a very, that is a bread basket of the UK in terms of agriculturally. And we've both seen growing up that lots of Eastern Europeans came there to work the fields to pick the vegetables because the European, like the English men wouldn't do that job. No, it's not because they wouldn't do that job. It's because Europeans, Westerners, native peoples are cucked by their females and don't have children. That's the bottom line that no one wants to say, and it's a great saying.  How are you tying that to that exactly stuff? It's very easy. If every British family had 10 children, there would be children who would go and do the jobs. Like there used to be. My mom is one of seven, my father's one of nine. Only two generations ago, every Irish family had 10, 12, 11 kids. If people still had large families, people would do jobs at all level of the economic ladder. Now they have one or two kids, and it doesn't work anymore, it's broken down. So the population replacement, the murder of three little girls, the loss of culture, the danger you see in society, the sad feeling you see to understand your country isn't yours anymore, is all tied back to one on mass, it's on mass. But it's tied back to female feelings, crybaby feelings, oh no, I only want one kid. We let women, it's kind of interesting. The Western man has allowed females to cut them into self-destruction. You're watching your side wash away in real life.  time because women tell you what to do. And other societies don't have women telling them what to do. And that's why they have population increases. In the Western world, we've allowed women to come along and decide that Birkenberg and Instagram likes is more important than kids. And as you take that one individual mindset, exceptions don't disprove the rule. If you extrapolate it out across 80% of the female population, wasting her most fertile years going to par, ease, and dancing, and jumping up and down and making all sleep with the bartender for no reason, taking birth control. When you do all of that, it ends up in the death of a society, in the death of a culture, which is now forced to import people who don't look the same, think the same, act the same, speak the same language to watch itself self-immolate. So it's very interesting. We're now talking about something which we can tie all the way back to the thing we were just discussing earlier, which is a man standing there, allowing his female to control him with her feelings. That mindset extrapolates it out towards society equals decimation. A society where a man will not be controlled by his females.  feelings is a society that will be successful. Society where a man allows a female's feelings to control him results in societal decimation. Well the only control that a woman has over a man is sexually and lustfully. Well yeah she can restrict sex and she can cry in nag. That's her control. Those are her control mechanisms. If you're the kind of man who falls for those control mechanisms, you're the kind of man who's ruined the West. Literally. The West is ruined by men who will sit there and allow their female to control them. That's, I just told you how. Rwandans, Zimbabwe, Funknows, Ware, Who cares? Aliens, Mars, it doesn't matter. People are coming to UK and replacing the native population because the native man's scared of his wife. That's the bottom line. You're scared of your wife. You're scared to have as many kids you need to have. You're scared to say something racist or homophobic or unapologize. You're scared to say she can't even drive. You're scared to tell your woman she can't drive. You think the people coming into your country are scared of chicks? You're going to lose. It's a battle.  The red ants have come. The black ants are gonna die. The squirrels. There was a red one and there was a gray one. I can't remember which one was which, but some of them got their ass whooped. I remember seeing it in the news. That's the bottom line. The people come into your country and scared it girls. You are. You're scared of your wife and then what they do is, because men don't want to admit their cowards. They try and wrap it up and vert you. I'm not scared of my wife. I just respect her. And you know me, my wife, where best friend has done it. She tells you what to do, G. Shut up. You're pussy. She tells you what to do. And when you extrapolate that across your society, your society's on fire. And then you start talking about immigration levels. Oh, maybe we need to vote in someone who'll stop the immigration. It's too late. You're getting out bred within your own country, 20 to one. You're getting out bred. This is coming from a brown person. I'm mixed race. I'm sitting here telling you that the brothers are having children and the white people are. You're getting out bred at simple fucking math. White people are gonna be gone from the UK in 150 years, because they were sitting there listening to women telling what to do. And how does a woman tell you what to do? She doesn't.  force you, she restricts sex or she cries. So now we can go down, and it's actually very interesting because once again, you have the triangle, you have the world view in the middle and you have the three perspectives. The woman is in the middle of the triangle, crying her eyes out because she ain't, what doesn't want to listen to her man just want to have more children. You can look at that from her perspective, being pregnant is hard. Being a baby factory is interesting. She has hobbies, she has things she wants to do. She already has kids, she wants to focus on them, completely valid perspective. The man's perspective, well he respects his wife. He wants to make sure his wife is happy. He does want more children, but he doesn't want to add the expense of his wife's happiness. He wants to, you know, come to a compromise. That's the man's perspective. But then you have the societal perspective, perspective, and the societal perspective is, we need children to pay taxes, to support this whole social security pension scam, and we need slaves to do slave labor and low-cost labor, we're gonna work from minimum wage, and if you ain't gonna do it, this is someone else's, and we're gonna bring them here to do it.  and society is gonna collapse as a result. And we don't give a shit. So then you have to sit and ask yourself, if you had to choose one perspective. Well, what would you choose? It depends if you're a woman, a man, or the society, right? It's kind of interesting. This is where you have collectivism against individualism. Certain countries are collectivist. China's collectivist. China is we do what's best for China. We don't do what's best for you. We don't do what's best for me. We don't do what's best for a man or woman. We do what's best for China. That is one mindset. In the West, we have a different mindset. We're individualist, which is fantastic for entrepreneurship. It's fantastic to make people think outside the box and we're going to launch rockets into space and all these amazing things. But it's hard when you have to come along and try and tell people, you can't tell British women have kids now. You can in China. You could literally say, get pregnant. Now you could try and incentivize them. You could try and convince them. But you'd have to do that through culture, tax breaks, et cetera. What's...  really interesting is that the British state isn't even doing that. The British state isn't even trying to convince them. It's just decided to open up the border to fuck knows who. And if three little white British girls have to get stabbed to death as a consequence of their ideas, they don't give a shit. If you talk about it, you go to jail. They don't care about you. They don't care at all. I'm the enemy supposedly. But these are all these things tie in together. It's actually very, very interesting when you observe them from above and see how everything's tied together. There would be no need for immigration at all. You could have completely closed borders if women didn't want Birken bags and instead want families at 17-18. Completely, completely clean borders, yeah? Well, you could you could close the borders absolutely and have no population problems at all. If women were getting married at 18, having their first child at 19, and having kids until they're 30. If every single family was doing that, in the West, like they used to, there would be no immigration. What he is, what he is, you're gonna stop 70s? Probably...  Probably, probably something around that. I think that's probably when mass immigration started to happen in the UK. Yeah. And again, there's no light without dark. If you do that, you lose the female, you lose female in the workforce, you lose female ingenuity. All these fantastic female entrepreneurs you just talked about, we would lose them. There's no light without dark, but we would gain a population. Then you have to sit there and analyze as a professional what's more important, the future of humanity in a population or a makeup brand. I mean, I think to me, it's pretty simple, but to the makeup brand owner, it's not simple because they want their makeup brand. They don't want to sit there and be a baby factory. I get it. But anyone who's offended by what I'm saying is an idiot. Because if you can't discuss subjects like this without taking them personally, then you're a dumbass. So if you're watching this and you're a chick and you're upset by it, then you're an idiot. Because I'm just talking about things as a whole. I'm talking about geopolitics and culture as a whole. Our individualism also is very beneficial for us in terms of something like a legal case.  In my particular legal case, we believe in innocent until proven guilty in the West supposedly. We actually don't, which is another argument, but supposedly we do. We believe in did the individual did it? We believe in did is this person going to jail in China? They don't believe that. They believe in what's good for the state. Well, two people got murdered. We can't have a murderer on the loose. It'll put fear into people and the police will look incompetent. So someone has to go to jail. But he didn't do it. Who cares if he did it? It's not about him. It's about the state. Someone has to pay. Someone has to pay. Put him in jail. Different mindset than us. So there's pros and cons of the individualism and collectivism. One of the pros of individualism is to entrepreneurship. I actually said that specifically, both masculine and feminism. Feminism, feminine. It's fantastic that we get young men, young women who will do anything that takes as individualists.  to go and try and make as much money as possible. But one of the downsides is without the collectivism, it's very hard to say, for your nation, for your society do this, for your people. It's very hard. If I were to get 100 white families in a room and say, for your people have kids, they'd all be like, I don't know him, I don't know him, I'm fucking him. No, I don't want kids, no, I want Birkin. They just don't care. It's individualistic mindset. What do you think about the future of American now Trump, Elon, Vivek, all these people are coming in? Well, he saved America. The American experiment was over, and now it's been re-enated. If Kamala won, America was done. Quick one for you guys. If you're loving this conversation and you're getting immense value, consider hitting that subscribe button and turn the notification bells on as it lets us know that we're creating the right content for you at the right time. And when I say done, I don't mean like it would have been a unfortunate political reality. I mean, it would have literally been done.  of dollar would have collapsed. World War III would have begun. It would have ended. America was tearing on the end of its lifespan anyway. Empires don't last that long. It's been around for about 250 years. That's usually how long an empire lasts in the modern age. So it was coming to the end. They've got some extremely exceptional people who are extremely motivated to make radical change. I like to believe they can save America and retain its hegemony. If they can get to space first, which it looks like they can with Elon's help, if they can get AI under control before the Chinese can, which it looks like they can once again with Elon's help, Elon's extremely important. If they can do those things, they can cement American hegemony into the coming century. So I really think that America has been saved. I look forward to perhaps even living there and moving there. But do you think that Elon's got his best intentions at heart? Because in the day, this is the man that's talking about putting chips in people's heads. Well, yeah, there's not light without dark.  So there is a doc essence to him. A hundred. Well, of course, of course, of course, of course. So what is that in your opinion? Well, yeah, I mean, you can look at Elon from your perspective, but you can say he's an evil person who's trying to make cyborgs control us all or you can say he's a person who's trying to advance technology and help people who can't walk, walk. Which one do you believe he is? Well, I don't have to believe he's either one because you would have a belief. No, no, but I like Elon. So I believe he's intelligent enough to understand that if the technology can be invented, it will be invented. So good or bad actually has nothing to do with it. If the technology can be invented, it will be that's if it can the clouds are here, it's going to rain. You can say whether that rain is good or bad, you can sit around and talk about how the rain is necessary for the plants to grow or how the rain is going to get you wet and you're getting pneumonia and die. You can decide if the rain is good or bad. Why doesn't it stop the rain coming? So his argument is pretty simply that if we don't make the technology someone else will.  and I actually believe I have better intentions or America as an entity has better intentions than if the Chinese get to the technology before we do because it's coming either way. So I don't think good and bad actually has anything to do with it. Every single thing that's invented could have been used for good and could have been used for bad. A car is used for good and bad. A gun is used for good and bad. A fork is used for good and bad. There's nothing that's ever been invented that wasn't used for both good and bad. Is it a scary future that we can imagine with AI and chips in our brains? Absolutely. But isn't it even scarier that the man that controls the AI, that controls the chips, that controls the car that's collecting all the data, that's controlling the robots that's putting the chip in your head and firing the satellites up in, that are doming over you? Isn't it the man's the same guy that controls all of that? Isn't that dangerous? Is it dangerous that a man has that much power? Isn't it more dangerous that we had people in charge of nuclear weapons who thought that we-  and could it be a man if they shaved their head and take testosterone? Isn't it more dangerous that we had people thinking that a man chopped his dick off, he became a girl? Isn't it more dangerous that we had people saying that a man can compete with a woman in biological, in sports without a biological advantage? Isn't that dangerous? I believe all those things are dangerous, but I still think it's imperative to be dangerous that one man controls all those narratives. Okay, true, you're right, that gives him a lot of power. So then let's analyze this. He gives him almost unchecked unprecedented power. You're right. So he's monopolized power because he's monopolized very important industries, which are gonna be innovative and control the future and control different planets, perhaps. But how do you fix that? I mean, we can try and break up his monopoly, but if he's the only one with the expertise, then the technology simply doesn't get invented at all by the West. There's a technology wall around China. So I would argue we talk about things like Neuralink, China probably has it too. It's just not on videos.  and no one talks about it. There's a technology wall. Truthfully, it's a technology race between the Chinese and the West. That's what's happening. But you've always said that you're a man of God, right? And in the Bible and in the Quran, it talks about people in sheep's clothing coming into this world, looking like a saint, but not being that way. I don't think he's the saint. I don't think he's the saint. What I'm saying is, if we prevent Elon from having a monopoly over industries that he's the most competent in, that he's the only person who can advance us as quickly as he's advancing us in, if we slow him down via regulation or we slow him down out of fear, it does not stop these things being made. Instead, they're gonna be made by a different culture that we don't understand behind a technology wall who might weaponize these things against us. AI within 50 years is going to be at a level where it can destroy humanity. One way or another, do we want Elon to make it or do we want the Chinese to make it? It's getting made. My argument would be if I had to flip a coin, I would choose somebody who believes in Western ideals above somebody who has no interest in me or doesn't think like.  It doesn't understand me when I talk. I think either of those parties having that monopoly of control is a dangerous... Oh no, there's no doubt about that. The thing is, how do you stop it? It's an arms race. Yeah, it's an arms race. Like, nuclear weapons have been invented. So you can't make the other person uninvent them. All you can do is invent nuclear weapons back. How many years are we away? Do you think from every household having a robot in their house doing their daily tasks and all this kind of stuff? And people not being required for the manual jobs. Because I see with Amazon, they've got more robots now than people. Yeah, the scary thing about that is that people who are going to have to find work to do. Because if you don't find work to do, you end up dead. Which is what these things are in the last few years. These population control mechanisms have been put in place for a while. Absolutely. They're trying to replace the workforce so they don't need the common man anymore. And once they don't need the common man, they become a useless eater. And if you're a useless eater, if you're a person who needs to eat food, re-lo oxygen, live somewhere, and you have a point of view, and you have an opinion, and you get, and you complain.  about the life you're living and the government doesn't need you, you die. What's your opinion on Agenda 23? I've only read part of it and I'll be honest with you, the first half I read seemed pretty sensible to me, I didn't even seem that great. No, that's Project 2025 I'm confusing it with, I think. Yeah, Agenda 23 is all about, you know, population reduction, population reduction, eating insects, all this kind of narrative. Well, yeah, that's exactly where we're headed. 15 Minisees. Of course. Once the matrix doesn't think of how badly the system treats the average man and the system needs the average man. Think of the fact that they inflate your currency, you can't afford a good lifestyle, you can't afford to buy a home, your woman doesn't respect you, your society isn't safe, there's drugs everywhere, you're not allowed an opinion online or you're going to go to jail, your government effectively hates you and ignores everything you say, you have no democratic choice. Think of much the system hates the average man that it needs. Imagine how the system will treat the average man that it doesn't need.  Imagine how much worse it's gonna get. They're gonna lock you in your house. You're gonna need a daily allocation of bugs to eat. And if you complain or misbehaved, you get shot in the head. Use those eaters in every single society across human time end up dead. If you're not useful to the system, or part of the system, you're going to die. So the scary thing about the AI replacement of jobs is not that we're gonna have all these jobless people, because all these jobless people have to get cold. They have to go. You have two choices. In fact, you have three choices in game theory. You either try and out-compete the machines, which is impossible. You pretend the machines are not gonna replace you, which is a fallacy. Or you learn to work with the machines so that you're useful to the matrix. That's why I teach inside of my campus, inside of my school, the real world. I teach AI. The reason we have the biggest AI campus online and any educational platform in the world is because I tell people, you can't outperform machines, so get machines to work for you, or learn how the machines work. That's the only way you're gonna make money into the future. Last night, I did a stream where I was streaming.  spending money on Salonac coins on photon, messing around. I spent a million dollars gambling on crypto coins. That's the world we live in now. The most engineering, most intelligent, most intellectual, most insightful members of the Western youth have no interest in building a real business and building a factory or going out there and becoming an engineer. They're just gambling on frog memes on the internet and stealing millions of dollars from people who don't understand how to adjust their slippage on photon. That's the world now. Capitalisms effectively broken and they're gonna replace humans with machines to fix this. The problem is you're gonna become a useless eater and then you're gonna go to the government and say, I have no purpose to serve you. Please give me a good life. You already have a purpose to serve. You are serving a purpose currently, which is paying tax and being a nurse and they still won't give you a good life. Imagine how much worse it's gonna get. Scary thing about AI is to people who are gonna be in charge of the AI, which are the government.  governments and governments don't give a fuck about you. The system is evil. The only way you can get around it is to one be filthy rich and have capital like I do, because then you can own assets and buy influence. And two, learn how the AI machines work, like I do. I have a school specifically teaching it. But when I say to people, you can join the real world at realworld.com and learn how AI machines work for $49. They still won't join. They'll just sit there and wait to die. So then you go down the Darwinism path. If I'm telling you that you cannot replace or outcompete AI, the AI is coming to crush you. I will teach you how to prevent that happening for less than a cost of a prep, less than the cost of a lunch. And you still don't take action and you still don't join. Isn't that Darwinism? Isn't that what I said at the beginning of this podcast, the universe gives everybody exactly what they deserve? Aren't the people who end up replaced by machines eating the bugs, the people who deserve it, because they simply didn't try when they had a chance. And the people who understood what was coming and saw the hoard, the AI machines, the terminators and felt the appropriate fear took action. Do you...  I believe though that we're showing everything ahead of time in the movies that we're showing, right? You've seen that thesis, right? I've never seen that thesis now. Well, there was a movie I watched once called In Time. I remember watching when I was younger, right? And it's all about how these people have these like, AI time things in their wrist and they get turned off if they don't compete for the amount of time and they can't, you know what I'm saying? There's more people with more time. And that's kind of, I don't see it actually physically in this real world right now, but I see it playing out on a longer time frame. Like in terms of like, you know, eye robots as well, another one, you know, everything that Elon's building. So we'll play that in our robot. Well, I'm just saying. So it's like even when I looked at the last Tesla share me and when they were talking about the car and the robots walking around, that was all just like watching our robot again. So in order to get you to buy in, they have, for a car make debt, they have to show you ahead of time what's happening. Right? And then you have to accept that that's happening. In order for you to them to be free of car make retrobie.  on what they're putting into the world, right? That's true. So what have you seen that you've seen in this world that we're talking about right now, that is coming down the track that you're seeing that's gonna be here in the next five years, that you've seen ahead of time that we're being complicit. Well, I think we're complicit in everything. I actually like to believe that the guys are winning again and that a lot of this is sanity from the liberal less left that was being pushed is gonna be replaced. I like to believe that the good guys are winning again. However, the AI argument is a very interesting one and it's one that we can't escape. I know what you're saying about it being I wrote about. You're right. It's just the future. You have to leverage yourself against that. You have to choose the battles you can win. I think every human does this instinctually. You have to look at the battlefield and decide which fights can you win, which fights can you not win. And if you can't win the fight, what's the best thing you can do? So can I win the fight against liberal and sanny? I believe I can, which is why I talk against it. And the reason I believe I can is because I'm speaking to every person's base instincts. Even people who don't like me know that I am right. Reality proves me right in the end.  I am talking biological realities against liberal insanities. I can win that. Can I outcompete AI and convince people not to use machines? No. So the only thing I can do is then learn how to use AI to benefit me also. That's the game. You have two choices when you look at chessboard. You either change the rules of the game like I tried to do when I'm competing against liberal insanity or I accept the rules of the game like I do with the AI argument and say what is the best move I can make within the confines? So if AI is coming for us, which it is, if AI is the future, which it is, if people will become uselessly or is going to be put into camps and be assassinated, which they will be, what is the best move I can possibly make within those confines within that rule set? Well I believe the best thing I can do is remain important, learn how to use AI and become financially wealthy. So that's what I'm going to do. I really talk from a position of knowledge when I say that the wealthy banking industries and the wealthy banking cartels and families that own the world hate.  the average man. And I'll tell you why. Because I sit here right now as someone who came from a gluten council estate who's only been rich for 10 years and I hate the average man. If you're the kind of person who's exceptionally hard on themselves and never misses an opportunity, it's very hard to feel sorry for people who miss every opportunity they're given. Over time eventually you're like you were told and you had chances and you didn't act and those people you don't feel sorry for. I'm talking about someone who's only been rich for 10 years. Oh, it'll be fine and they're going to lose their job in three years to AI and they're like, oh, what happened to me? I'm so unfortunate. You're not unfortunate. You were told you were warned. You didn't take action. Refuse to act. That's how I think. Imagine how a banking dynasty think views the average man. They've been born into wealth. They've been wealthiest to 1700s. They've never even seen the average man. Imagine how little care they have for you. That's why they inflate your currency and leave you to live amongst poverty and drugs. That's why they don't give a fuck about you because truthfully, when you're at a high enough extra...  You're living in a reality that's so devoid. My echelon is based on competence and it's based on being so brutally hard on myself that I can't have sympathy for people who are not hard of themselves. I believe that they have the lives they deserve because they haven't been prepared to suffer like I've suffered. If I was as lazy and incompetent as these people, I'd be like them. If someone said to me, back when I was broke, you can learn how to make money online for $49 a month. I would have jumped at the chance. That's why I'm rich. Because I'm that guy who takes every chance, who can't sit still when he's offered the chance. I must take it. These people, they're not triers. But what chance was offered to you? Well, this is exactly it. I didn't even have chances that good. I wish I did. I wish I had a billionaire sitting on the Internet explaining to me how the world works and telling me I'll teach you how to make money for $49. I would have done anything for that. But I've never had that chance. I had to work them all out myself. Take huge monumental risk. Do the nearly impossible to escape. It's easier now. I'm answering your question because it's easier to get rich now.  And it's ever been. But when did you first come across that webcam business which allowed you to make your initial money? Well, that's the thing that's so interesting because back then the idea of making money on the internet was alien to most of humanity. Now everyone understands you can make money online. And I've talked about the webcam company at length and the reason I'm not avoiding talked about, I'll talk about it no problem. But back then the chances and choices of making money online were so few and far between. Now I'm 18 year olds who are millionaires. And I'm like, how did you get rich? Oh, I'm a streamer. I'm a YouTuber. I made money on crypto. I have a drop shipping website. I said, there's about 20 different ways and 18 year old can get rich. When I was 18, you weren't rich. No one was rich. How can you be a rich 18 year old self made? You can't run a company. No one's gonna respect you. You can't own a factory or 18. Everyone was broke. Now you have children rich. This podcast is sponsored by contentremover.com. If you're looking to remove any images, videos, socials, fake accounts or anything else online, go to contentremover.com. We've looked after everybody from the likes of Alex Hamozzi, Kendra Sina.  Tommy Hembrow to a whole host of other brands and celebrities that you know and love and would love to help you with your issues online So if you have any issues online and you want to get in touch with us click the link below this video and go to concertremover.com I have kids inside of my school inside the real world who were 16 who have seven or eight AI machines working for them Posting on Twitter all day pretending to be a real person selling products that they make money from and when I sit here and say You can learn how to do that so you don't end up going broke. There's an impure people who don't join the school This is my point about Darwinism This is my point about how the universe gives everyone what they truly deserve the kind of people who jump at chances are going to win But we are running out of time you have to get ahead of the AI machine before the curtain finally closes We have 10 years until the schism is too large until the line in the sand is drawn and you can have the people who understand how to use the machine to Or financially wealthy and you can have the people who are broke We're going to stay broke forever this social mobility we're currently experiencing is generational is once in a generation 20 years ago it was impossible for a broke person to get rich almost nearly impossible Now it's easy and in 20 years against him impossible again  So you'd say then that AI is a bigger opportunity than crypto or not. I'd say what's interesting actually is that if you use crypto and juxtapose, you juxtapose it against AI, it's kind of amazing to me how more people are not using AI to get rich. Cause let's imagine this, let's do a thought experiment. Before crypto was big, before crypto was big, 2008, before Bitcoin was a thing. If I tried to explain crypto to you and explain the opportunity it posed, it would be quite a hard grasp. You could send money on the internet, you say you can already send money on the internet, we have PayPal. No, but it's not dollars, it's this other coin, but why does that matter? Oh, because they might ban you on the internet and you lose your banks. I'm not banned, I say whatever I want on Facebook. Like it would have been hard to convince someone about crypto, Ethereum, Wallets, cryptography, all of these things, central banking, gold, you have to talk about the gold back dollar and how it's now the fiat dollar and Bretton Woods and...  Reagan and economics and inflation and a global reserve currency you have to know so much to understand Bitcoin to try and convince That somebody back 2008 would have been hard Whereas AI's an easy sell Everybody here at home understands what AI is gonna do everybody and if you look at how cryptos taken over the world Which is a thousand times more complicated to understand than AI imagine how AI is gonna affect the world There's not a single person who can intelligently argue to me that AI is not gonna come along and change our lives You could have argued to me in 2008 that crypto won't change your thing that crypto doesn't matter and look what happened now Bitcoin's a hundred thousand AI is gonna be even bigger you actually predicted the 8k years ago actually I saw that you did Yeah, and then when it hit 8k the other day I noticed that you were the one back in the day saying it when it was a 19k I think you make the 8k. Yeah, it's a clip. Yeah, I've seen it It was and no one thought it was gonna hit 8k when you put  I do caveat you for that. Thank you, but this goes back into my mentality about the kind of person who takes risks and takes action. So then people will say to me, this is what's so amazing. People say to me, oh, how do you have all these big addies? How do you have $100 million of cars? You're so lucky. It's not luck. It's never been luck. I've been the person who took action. And when I have to tell you right now what action to take, you won't do it. So I'm not going to feel sorry for you when you fail. I'm not going to feel sorry for failures, for losers. But if you were to go back and say, look, the life changing money for me was made by what? Web cams? Web cam made me some money at the beginning. But it's gave you your step, right? It gave me a step up. It gave you your initial step where you went from driving the BMW to being able to drive the Ferrari's and stuff like that, was managing women online, selling content and stuff like that. That is what gave you your access to this. So every, like, and whether that was right or wrong, that's another discussion, but at the end of the day, right? You took that opportunity to create your access and what your encouraging everyone to do.  listen to this is to find what option they can have to close that gap and to take that fucking action. Absolutely. I'm encouraging everybody who's watching this to understand that time is running out. The AI is going to come. The schism is going to be too large to jump over. That social mobility is something that is not going to last forever. That we're in a unique period of human time. And if you don't want to listen to me, if you don't want to join the real world for $49 a month, then find something else to do. But do something. Do you have any regrets about the way that you close the gap? No. Absolutely none. Zero. Because what did I do? I helped women optimize their platforms on a website. I mean, I lived in Luton. I lived around people who were selling drugs. Jay Zee sold drugs. All the rappers think about selling drugs and killing people. What did I do? Girls were already doing. Girls were already on the internet talking to men. Like they are right now on Twitch, on kick, on all the streaming platforms in the world. They're all sitting there to skimpy little talk, talking to men. And because I had better technical knowledge than them. And because I was a...  pretty organized, it could organize their accounts. I said, I'll make sure that your taxes are paid and I'll optimize your HTML profile. Does that make me a bad person? I mean, some people will say it does. And I could sit here and argue once again, from all the different positions. What did I say about the triangle? We can sit here and talk about our webcam's bad for society. Well, yeah, I mean, you could argue that pornography's bad for society. You can also argue that the girls who worked for me saved men from suicide by just remembering their birthdays and talking to them for 12 hours with their family abandon them. There's good and bad on all sides. The girls who worked for me became very rich. I became rich, they became rich, they saved a man from suicide, but perhaps it's bad for society as a whole to have all these young, pretty girls talking to men on the internet. They're all different perspectives. I saw an opportunity, I took it. I've taken 1,000 opportunities in my life. Every single time I saw a chance, I took it. When I saw a girl doing webcam and she said, I can't work out how to make my profile higher on the page. If it's higher on the page, I make more money. I said, I'll make your profile higher on the page. You do the webcam, we'll split some money. I'll...  done that. I haven't heard anybody. None of these girls have ever talked against me. My current criminal case has nothing to do with any of those girls. All of those girls are defending me. I have no negative connotations or negative memories of the need these women. What did I do? I turned women into millionaires. If you go work in McDonald's as a woman, do they make you a millionaire? Or do they take 99% of the money you take through the till? What did I do? So those people who can sit and morally grandstand. Those people who can sit there and say, what Andrew did is wrong. But those are people who are just addicted to porn. The people who send online and talk about how I'm a bad person for what I did are the same person who will consume pornography. If it's so bad, why do you consume it? These girls and me wouldn't have had a business if you weren't watching it. The men who were upset by the fact that I had a business that had women online talking to men are the exact same men who were on these websites trying to convince these women to meet them for money. They're trying to solicit girls into prostitution. And they're saying, I'm the bad guy for setting up their HTML profiles. It's all false virtue. It's  as an honest garbage, when anyone complains about the fact that I had a webcam business, if they've ever watched porn ever, which they have, they're full of shit. All these people are full of shit and they're just morally grandstanding because they're insignificant in poor. I see it from both sides of perspective because my business is content removal.com. So we remove online content for celebrities, brands, we look after a lot of interest fans, models, this is my business. I've been involved in this game since 2017. So family offices, everyone in between, right? I've seen it from the point of view where XYZ Girl puts content online and I've physically spoken to hundreds of these girls that after putting content online for a long enough period of time, they become very, they're very lost in themselves, a lot of emotional damage. So they regret their decisions. They regret their decisions, they feel, they some of them can feel, obviously they'd put blame on the only fans managers that drove them to it. And ultimately they have a lot of minds removed, content potentially.  So what I'm saying is I've seen it from your side of the narrative. You took the opportunity, but I've also seen it from the, ah, these women are hurt, solace, can't have relations. Okay, well, one I've never had that scenario. No woman has ever worked for me as complained, but two, are you saying that women regret their decisions and blame somebody else? Because that's what you're saying, that's extremely misogynistic. And a misogynistic person would say they do that with everything, not just a career choice. They do that with nearly every decision a female ever makes. She blame somebody else for, and then she doesn't want to take responsibility for. In fact, a misogynistic person would say that there's memes on the internet about women not taking accountability for their own decisions. If you're telling me that woman started an only fans, made enough money to buy a big fat BMW to a big house, made loads of money, got rich, spent the money, had a great time, and then as time went on, grew older, and she couldn't sell anymore, and then got annoyed, and then want to all to go away, and then blame somebody else for it. That's a very interesting conversation, but truthfully, truthfully, we have to make a decision now as a society. And the decision is...  this. If we live in a patriarchal society where men are in charge and women need to obey their husbands or their fathers, then we can sit and say women can't make their own decisions, so we have to protect them. Women are not smart enough to make their own decisions because every decision they make they were tricked into. Therefore, as their father slash husband, I am responsible for their decisions. Or do we live in a society like the current one where we say women are just as smart as men and their sovereign individuals make their own choices? If that's the case, you cannot have it both ways where women make their own choices, make their own decisions, live their own lives, and second they regret something, they retrospectively go back and remove consent for the decision that they made. That is bullshit. I'm telling you that that is a bullshit version of reality where women are going to sit and say, I did it all, but now I, me and Khalifa just did it. She slept with a thousand men and tried to blame her boss. It's bullshit. Now I'm not even in that scenario because all the women who work for me are thankful and their millionaires never tired and have all defended be in this case. I'm just talking as a profession.  If a woman's gonna do something and make a bunch of money and then complain later and say that she was tricked Let me ask you If a man said that to you I did this and I made all this money, but now I regret it. I think he fooled me Would you would you feel sorry for him? Where'd you think he's a dickhead? Be honest. I think a man's responsibility is always always everything. Oh, I see you'd say it's a weird idiot. It was your choice Yeah, right? But do you think men and women were would you think men and women are equal? In what sense? No, are men and women equal? Are men smarter than women? You're putting me in that position. Well the position is very simple You either believe men are better than women and that's why you hold men more accountable Or you believe men or you believe men and women are equal and you hold women to the same accountability you hold men It most people in the world we live in today because society operates on a double standard or living in a double standard We're they're gonna sit there and say women can drive women are just as good as men Women are smart and women are sovereign and women make their own decisions, but the same  second a woman says she regrets her own decision she was forced into it they buy it you have to make a choice This is a logic fail This is a logic fail and I'm not talking about this because it's only I don't give a shit about only fans I'm just sitting here saying that a woman makes a decision as an adult It's her decision because I respect women what I'm actually saying is I respect the woman enough to say that she made the choice What you're trying to say is you can't have it both ways You can't say that you want to have the responsibility and want to have all this other stuff and want to have all these choices But then not say that you're responsible for taking part in only 100% you can't you can't say I want to make my own decisions I want to make my own choices. I decide my body my choice. I decide who I date I decide if I have kids I decide where I go I decide my worldview I decide everything I'm a smart as man in fact I'm smarter than men men are stupid men are trash. We don't need men feminism girl power We can beat men up. We're stronger than men. Oh my god a man told me to do something I did it because he has magical powers of my brain and I'm an idiot None of this makes even logical sense but here's where we have to draw the line laundry because  Let's just say I've taught a hundred women on this topic or I've taught it a lot more but let's just say it's a hundred. Yep, let's just put it as a hundred. Let's just say ten of them come to me with that argument mark. That is at least one of the ten. That is at least one of the ten of the ten was there choice many I've made the wrong choice so now must have dyeed a % of oil with it ng. But what about the 32 the ten that were say co-eff Mus or forced vision. b  y tabla i wrth oes yn meddwl gwi'r g flatternau art brwch pecairs X el. Protol gywro'r gen yn lawodraeth, pre Startlant i fe Richwright, rac bigroeth,an hynny gwey'r glyddoedd. Tw antis er fawr y cyf Who Knw'm ei chchedwyd ni staloneptin. Tw innol gyliaethu alladwn wn advisedwchu, a'n vaig yn ff cut Sk559 ar threat a gweld, unna'r wmeoli o'r dyngiad i  ngra fo ymar batis finsill nesbiau ol yearwnnau ni fe gwrs ond regi er chi gyma i'r  frafiwhitten. Am pan fawr. Em gydwch. Disgu. Mwkan ffeithch i'r bac i chi'n gyfle. Disgu. o'r aillu. Ordu guchorna birrhyg diciendoan meddan gyfrana anging. B  want to fight coercion. That's what I'm saying. Is it coercion to say to a woman, you can make a whole bunch of money on only fans, I'll make sure you make a whole bunch of money, I'll help you make a whole bunch of money, I know how to make you famous and rich. Is that coercion? But I'm not saying you specifically can be- I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about the narrative. I'm not talking about me. I'm talking, I'm not talking about me. I'm asking for you to quantify coercion. Coercion is them saying, hey, I was supposed to do this against my will. Okay, who, that forced? All these words you're using are buzzwords that females use to remove accountability. I'm asking you to quantify them. How were they forced against their will, were they beaten up was a gun to their head? I don't know, I didn't- Okay, I pressed down that narrative. Oh, well, I assume that I assume a gun wasn't to their head because it's hard to do only fans at knife point. So I assume that they were forced via coercion. I'm asking what is coercion? Is coercion saying, you'll get rich and famous, I'll help you, is that coercion? On your-  It's not about my narrative, it's not about me, it's not about my case, I'm innocent in my case, my case is about to be thrown out. I'm asking, is that coercion? Because your women will use words like force and coercion, and unless you pressure them and put down as a professional, what does that mean? Because what they'll say is, oh, I was coercic because he suggested it. Oh, that's coercion. So if I say to you, we should do heroin. Should I coercive you to do heroin? If you take heroin and become a drunky junkie, is it my fault? Should I go to jail? Am I responsible for the fact that I mentioned heroin around you and you did heroin? So every other thought experiment. How does a traditional job make you go and work? Because they don't force you. If you work in McDonald's, do they come and pick you up at knife point? Do they force you? No, they convince you. You know how you know how? They caress you. But you know how coercion happens in that scenario. The caress should happen because you've got the movie, you've got the family, that's the question. So you're saying that McDonald's caresses people to work there. It says that if you come and give up your life, hurt your mama when you get it.  You can get a meager wage and stand here and get eight pounds an hour, and they cajure you with a meager wage and a uniform. But the guarantee is that the wage will arrive on time. So McDonald's cajure says people to go to work. So what does cajure even mean? What I'm saying is that certain words, buzzwords, can be used and weaponized by females to destroy accountability. And as soon as you apply it to the sex industry, betas and white knights will jump to the defense because they don't want to think logically. I'm saying that because I treat men and women equally, because I am actually not a misogynist and I respect women, I'm saying that if a man sat to me and said I was forced to do something, I would expect knife point or gun. What do you mean forced? Yeah. If he said, oh, he suggested it, but I did it. I'd say within your fucking idiot. And because I hold men and women in the same regard, because I am not a misogynist, it would be foolish of me to not hold the same standards for women. You're sitting there saying that women were forced and rehearsed. And I'm potentially potentially.  asking you to ask those women how they were forced to go hurt because if you push down on the issue and you're not afraid to say what the truth is of what you think, you will see that nobody forced them to do anything. And they won't go hurt into anything. You will say that's their creative narrative. Well, absolutely it is. How do you force someone to make only fair? How would a media colleague force is there no one is there no one that you know that's have been forced in the sex industry to do the things that they've done? Well, I think the thing that's interesting is that you said that men are completely responsible for all the good and bad things that happen to them. But it seems like you don't believe the same for women which makes you a misogynist. Do you look down on women? A misogynist in worse men. Do you look down on women? No. Okay, so they're responsible for everything good and bad happens to them, no? Obviously they have. Oh, there you go. That's your answer. So I'm saying that Mia Khalifa wants to go and sleep with a thousand men. For her to blame her male boss or the porn producer or any man she can point her fingers at and say it's nothing to do with her when she was running around spreading her legs. I think it's bullshit.  I personally think that's what's going on. So men and women then on this planet should both have full responsibility for any actions that they take. Well, here's the interesting conversation. Because the interesting conversation is for you to give responsibility over yourself to somebody else, you need to give them authority over you. I'm responsible for my children and I'm responsible for their safety, which means I have authority over my children. I can tell my children what to do. I can tell my children to be quiet, shut up, don't put your finger in the plug, so I can eat healthy, don't eat candy because I am responsible for them. I can't be responsible for a child that doesn't listen. So as a woman, perhaps you can make a choice or a man. You can decide that you don't want to be responsible for your own life. But to do that, you then have to hand your authority to someone else. Traditionally, before feminism, a woman would hand authority to her husband so she wasn't responsible for herself. If you're not going to hand authority to somebody or you can't find somebody you trust enough to give authority to, then you can't hand responsibility to anyone else. So what I'm saying is, if you're a woman and you don't want to be responsible for all your own choices, you need to hand authority to somebody you trust.  You can't go through life and say, I'm autonomous. Nobody has authority over me. I don't listen to no man. And then blame men when something happens that you decided to do. But you gotta understand Andrew, as a business, when someone's coming to you as a client, it's not up to us to have the opinion on whether they're right or they're wrong. Oh, you take their money. We do business, we take their money, and we remove content. That's what we do. That's fine. As a business, my personal opinion is like, everyone's responsible for the actions that they're taking the world. I understand that. I understand that. When that's, when that's telling their own narrative, we just got to listen. I completely understand all of that. What I'm saying is, co-hurst is a overword, overused and misunderstood word. Force is not even true. There's no, these are all subjective things that there's no true measurement of. Here's the thing is so interesting. We can't measure everything. Co-hurst is almost immeasurable. I was co-hurst. Why? Well, he suggested it.  I just had this interesting suggestion. Well, I respected him and he paid the rent. So you had no choice. Well, I did have a choice. I could have left, gone where? Where I had nowhere to go. Where's the line that it's also a line? Well, this is it. It's different every fucking time. It's different in every single scenario. But if you had to put it, if you had a line. No, no, no, you can't just draw a line. But this is my exact point. My point is that as a society, as a whole, we need to make a choice. Are women individualistic? Are women autonomous? Are women making their own decisions? Or are women listening to their fathers? Because if we choose fathers, all of these porn stars go away. If we choose individuals, then all of the coercion goes away. Let's make a choice and let's just end it. That's the bottom line. If we're going to live in between the two parallels. If we're going to have red and green on top of each other, we're going to have nothing but a mess and court cases. That's why women now accuse men of rape. Women fight a famous man.  They have sex with them. They then want money. He doesn't give them money. So they retrospectively remove consent. And so I was raped. Why were you raped? Well, I was drunk. Yeah, but you said yes. Yeah, but I was drunk. So everything is yes and no on top of each other. It's like Schrodinger's cat and they can choose the yes or choose to know depending what mood they're in. If you're going to allow objective reality between a positive and a negative to be deduced by female emotions, you're going to live in chaos. That's what we live in. Women just run around. Yeah, that one was rape. That one wasn't. I was with him for a year. We slept together a hundred times, but two of them were raped. Like none of this is even makes sense. And nobody's sitting here saying this is illogical. We're all going, oh, okay. Let's go to court. How much money is wasted on court cases? This is crazy. Women are either equal to men in all regards and make their own decisions or they're not and they should listen to their fathers. And unless we make a binary decision.  We're gonna be somewhere in the middle floating in between where women are gonna do whatever they want When it works out and and take all the credit when it works out well Do whatever they want and blame someone else when it works out bad Weaponize the legal system against men use words like force of coercion incorrectly People are gonna be unfairly arrested women are gonna listen to their fathers who try and protect them from all this garbage No man is ever safe from avoiding a fake rape claim in his life ever Like this is insane That's what's going through my head when you tell me about this woman who was forced to do only fans I have a strong suspicions sir and I don't have any clue who this woman is I have a strong suspicion that she woke up in a nice house and she drove a nice car And she had nice handbags and nice shoes all bought from only fans and she made her content and she had a great time And she bragged about how much money she was making and then when the money dried up She tried to play innocent sound god said sorry and pretend she never  wanted it there and blamed a boyfriend of hers who was probably only with her for a small percentage of the time she was even an only fans model and got none of the money. That's what my suspicion is. Perhaps I'm wrong, but it's what you're describing is bias remorse. They've bought into something. It's not them the money. It's not them everything that they said they wanted. Then they've decided further down the track when it takes something away. Well, I wanted to be famous and I wanted to be rich and I wanted to talk on the internet until the truth, but I didn't cry when I went to jail. You understand? They're crying. When was the last time you cried? They're crying about the consequences. When was the last time you cried? I don't cry very often. I cry over my father nine. Guys, over the last five years you've watched me travel around the world building this podcast. Podcasts in nine countries over 200 entrepreneurs and one of the key things I've learned is that every single one of these successful people have a playbook. They have a play by play of how they're going to operate their life, their mindset and everything else so they can skate.  So they can scale their money their business their life and everything I want to break that down for you So what I've done is I've set up a weekly email that's gonna be going live week in week out giving you a play-by-play of some of these Most top entrepreneurs in the world so you can understand how they're executing on their plan So you can execute on it too if this is something that interests you click the link sign up to the email below and That'll be coming out weekly. That's it. Yeah, I don't I don't think there must have been a time before that because I've cried once in 20 years Well, I've been in the box many box and Jim's you've been in many five gyms in your life Are you telling me that the first time you got punched square in the face? Are eyes didn't wore a little bit? Oh, no, but that's not crying. That's just not crying But it's still but it's still to my eyes of war there's been tears running but crying as a very Conscious act that I haven't done in a very long time because I'm not saying I'm a tough guy It's just not something that comes to be now if you've got any Connection to your trainer in the same way that I know that I've had to my trainers in the past in the box And Jim's and I know my friends have  I think you'd share it here when they died. Oh, 100%. But luckily it's a life for now. But 100% I would. Yeah, 100%. But how much does he mean to you as a man? Because obviously, as a boxing trainer or a kickboxing trainer, when a man like that steps into your life and is in your life for 20, 30 years, they have a profound effect on you as a man. You know what's so interesting? Because this almost applies exactly to what we were just saying. If a boxer loses, he changes camp, right? He changes trainer sometimes. I mean, his trainer. That's a case by case scenario. All right, well then, some have more loyalty than other things. Yeah, if a team loses, they change manager football. Let's just use anti-Jushers as an example. He's changed camps quite a few times recently. All right, well, let's also talk about football team. If a football team loses, they change manager, right? The manager is responsible for that team. So he has authority over them. Doesn't he tell them what to do? Tell them what time to train, what time to be there, tell them what to do. He trains them.  It's all responsibility in authority. I became good under my trainer's tutelage by listening to him. And he was responsible for my career and responsible for my performance in the ring. I was responsible too, but he had a huge degree of responsibility because I gave him absolute accountability because I did everything I was told. That's a basic dynamic of humanity. When you find somebody respect, you hand authority over to them so they have responsibility over the outcome. That's a basic dynamic that used to apply between men and women that doesn't apply anymore. But yeah, absolutely. My trainer is probably one of the most important, probably the most important man who's alive breathing in my life today. Probably the number one most important outside of my brother. Because he lives out here with you today. He's back and forth. He's going everywhere. And God willing, he'll live forever. He's strong enough. But yeah, I mean, he taught me everything I need to know and I was just very good at listening. I just complied. Yeah. That's how I got good. I think one of the things you mentioned there is like you outsource the decision making to your trainer. But one of the things that you know.  or kickboxing teaches you is that yes, you outsource that to the trainer. But ultimately, if you lose in a ring or you get your ass kicked, that is your responsibility. Yeah, so it's out sourcing. This is where it can get a little bit mis-concrued with the other topics that we're talking about. Because it's like, one one topic, you outsource responsibility. But then when you lose in life, you have to take responsibility for that. Yeah, well, also taking responsibility, especially as a man or as a person, it allows you to be competitive. I think this is where, I don't want to talk too much about the male, female dynamic, but women don't go through the world thinking, I need to be competitive. They go through the world saying, I want to be happy, which is different. Does happiness exist to you? I don't think it's important. I am already happy and I'm happy all the time, even when bad things happen. I'm always a happy person. I don't operate in the happy, sad paradigm. So to me, I'm always happy because I don't measure it. If you don't measure something, it doesn't exist. Right? It doesn't matter. So the only things that exist in anyone's life is what they give attention to.  Absolutely. If you give attention to depression, you're depressed. If you get attention, if you give attention to how happy you are, you're always going to be measuring if you're happy or not that day. If you don't think about those things, they don't exist. I don't give measurement to them. What are some of the things in life that you've given attention to, that you feel that at the time you wish you hadn't? That's a good question. I'm not sure I've ever done that because I've always been optimizing for competency. I've always been optimizing to be as competitive as possible. To do that, you need to take absolute self accountability because that gives you control over the situation. But in order to get to the level that you've got in life, Andrew, you've had to make mistakes in order to learn to do that. So you had to give attention at some point. No, I just don't think I was good enough. I just don't think I was good enough at the time, but I understood that I can retrospectively look back and realize where my mistakes were and get the feedback required to get better in the next time I do it. I wouldn't say I was giving attention to other places. I just simply was inexperienced. So I've been very inexperienced. I've been naive. I've made mistakes. Every single human has. But I've always blamed myself for those mistakes, so I can optimize for competency in the future. I think that's the masculine mindset, whereas the woman, perhaps...  perhaps the typical female will not optimize for competencies, so she doesn't have to learn from her mistakes. Instead, she'll make excuses for her mistakes or blame someone else so she can be happy again, because she optimizes for how she feels as opposed to how competent she is in a future scenario. Have you ever seen this within your own family, within the women in your family, where they've not taken responsibility for some of the things that they've done? I don't have to, I mean, I don't wanna be, you know, I see many women as equal of course, but I find it very disgusting that there's some memes on Twitter talking about women not being able to take accountability. It's very, very terrible that they'd make such misogynistic memes. I never laughed at any of them as terrible. This seems like it's almost a common theme amongst humanity that people understand women avoid accountability. She's seen the word misogynistic, misogynistic is overuse now. Well, yeah, of course, like every word has been weaponized. It's weaponized virtue. You know, there's another thing you've to understand about the world is that most people aren't genuinely virtuous, they just weaponized virtues to attack you. The people who attack me saying that I'm dangerous to women are the same people who believe that a man should be allowed in a woman's changing room. So they don't care about women. They don't care about women. They cared about women.  They wouldn't want men in the women's changing room. They just hate me. So instead of attacking me for whatever because it's difficult because I'm rich and tall and successful. Instead, they're gonna come along with this weaponized virtue of a ten-hub of bad person. These people don't care about women and they don't care about what I say. They just hate me. Most virtue isn't real. It's just a weapon that people use. They bundle something up and throw it at people. So this whole misogyny crap isn't even real. It's not even real because the liberals who are so offended by it also believe that a man chops a stick off he's instantly a girl. So these people have no concern for female rights, no concern for female safety. These liberals also want Rwandans to come move into the UK who stab three little girls to the death. So they care so much about women. Why are they not going out there and complaining about all the immigrants coming? No, they won't do that because it doesn't fit their narrative. They don't give a shit about girls and they don't give a shit about women and they attack me with misogyny because they can't attack me on anything else because I'm too successful. That's all it is. It's bullshit. Do you think the  that Trump's in charge that is gonna force the UK to act differently. I hope so. Because one thing that America has, that England has really lost is that America, as fucked up as it was, still always has and always will love a winner. Yeah. Your England is a bit more, you know, you're not allowed to be a big brash winner. And the number one thing that England needs right now is a big brash winner, and a guy who's not scared to be the bad guy. Trump is Batman. Have you seen him Batman where he says to, to Gordon? I think he says, everyone hates me, but it doesn't matter. I'm not the hero they want. I'm the hero they need. Everyone thinks I'm the bad guy, but it doesn't matter. I'm gonna do the right thing. You can think I'm bad, but I'm gonna save you all anyway. Even the people who don't like me, I'm gonna save them. That's what Trump is. And that's what we need in the West. That's what we need in Western Europe. Europe now is falling behind so drastically. In 2008, I believe it was, or maybe it was 2016, but I think it was 2008. The UK, sorry, the EU and America had the same GDP per capita. It was like the same living...  standard. Now America's almost double. Europe is going broke in real time. Every millionaire in England's leaving, taxes are going through the roof, crimes through the roof. Europe is literally falling apart. They have an invasion of people who don't respect the culture. The police can't keep up with anything. So instead of trying to fix the problem, they just arrest the people who highlight the problem on Facebook, all of it is insane. Europe is falling apart and I'm hoping Trump can reignite a masculine culture because that's what it really needs. You need a masculine culture in Europe to no longer accept this bullshit from our leaders who aren't democratically elected who are more interested in going to war with Russian, the name of Ukraine than they are saving their own people. We need people to stand up and protect their society and protect the people they care about and avoid all this garbage that's going on. And that comes from a masculine, that comes from a not only patriotic, but also paternal position. We need men to be men again and Trump, even though he's a leader of another country, can inspire men to be men and that might be enough to save the UK. But even some of the things that he's brought in.  straight away, he's saying about bringing Christianity in the Bible back into schools. So they've got some morals in there. He's talking about protecting the borders, deporting people that are there illegally. Everything that the UK should potentially do as well. No, of course, but the UK is just weak and the current leader of the UK is obviously a loser. I'm going to catch a case in the UK for saying this, but he's a fuck up, nobody likes him. And he's too teared and he hates his native people and hates the native populations and treats him differently than he does the immigrants. No matter where anyone is in the world right now, where would you be telling everybody to look in terms of if they have the ability to move locations right now to increase money-making abilities, that life, everything else? Yeah, it's a boring answer, but it's simple. There's only one possible choice, which is to Middle East. I think the Middle East is going to be in charge of the... I mean, now that America's back, things have changed. Before Trump won, I would say the Middle East owns the next 50 years before China. Now America's back, perhaps things will be different.  And the money making potential in America is nearly unmatched, just unprecedented. So it's either America or it's Dubai. America, because it's such a large economy and there's so much money and there's so much wealth there. You can sell trash in America. You can't sell trash in Europe. You can invent bullshit in America. You can invent a cop that has two handles and you can put it on the news. You can put it on the TV. Buy the two handled cop. That's what I say. And then people get rich off nothing. Watch, watch Dragon's Den and then watch Shark Tank. Watch the American version. You'll be amazed to fucking trash Americans buy. So America allows you to get rich like that. But the Middle East is unparalleled for safety and the fact that zero percent tax. I mean, the fact you can walk around safely at night where a million dollar watch have no problems, no struggle and never pay taxes is pretty hard to beat for a Western nation. What ever happens to you, a bigotty watch? Did I get seized? No. So you still got that? Yes. Well, in Romania right now? No comment. I like that watch. I hope that one didn't get paid. The day I'm back in the bagaddy, I'll be wearing it. Yeah. Yeah. You save a nut.  that you're getting there. That's getting there. Little by little. So how many years off, checking it is? That really, if you're gonna, if you're gonna submise, I think within four or five months I'll be traveling, but I think the case will continue, but I'll be allowed to travel, but I think the case will be running for around about two or three years. So what will be the requirements then of you then? So you'll send, you get released from house arrest and you'll be able to travel around the world and you just have to come back at certain points and tell them to probably come back once a week or something, fly back every week, inconvenience, but doable. Yeah, and when that time comes, how are you gonna live abroad for three months a year or what? I really don't have many plans. I'm not sure. I'm gonna take it as it comes and see and decide when it comes around. I'm not really sure yet. I'm enjoying each day as they appear. I'm glad to be breathing and I don't really have any grand plans. After three years, you think I'd plan all this in my head with what I really wanna do. Not really. I have lots of work to do between now and then, it comes when it comes and I have lots to do every day. I have training to do, I have work to do and I'm just gonna focus on.  the things I can get done. What are some of the things you've learned around people in your life when it comes to this time that you've experienced? I mean, you must have cut some people out of your life and seen some things in life that showed you the other side of people that you didn't like. I don't think I learned anything new. I think it confirms things you already know about people. Is that people are the majority of people in your life are self-interested, which is fine. That's not a bad thing, by the way. Is that inherently all people? Well, life is a value exchange. This idea that you should love people unconditionally or care about people unconditionally is fallacy. You'll see people talk about this all the time. I'd love you if you were broke. No, you wouldn't. Your woman will say to you, I'd love you if you were broke. It's comfortable to believe she would. If you became broken, it was no fault of your own and you were trying to get rich again, then of course you'd stay by you. But if you lost all your money and refused to work and you gambled it all away and became a drug addict and sat in the couch and got fat, she'd leave you. Because her love for you is conditional. It's based on the fact that you can provide and protect her. Everything in life is conditional.  When you go to jail, you go through a bad circumstance, perhaps you can't give people what you're previously giving. And everything is a value exchange. So what you really learn about people is who you have tolerance and leeway with, who will remember the value you previously gave them long enough for you to then restore the value you're giving again. It's like a power outage before the power comes back on. Some people have short refuses and others. Some girls will stop talking to you after a week of jail. Some will wait five years. But eventually it's the same. Everything in life is a value exchange. You have to understand that, especially as a man, because if you're a big man in people's lives, you're giving more than receiving. You give things. Important big men give things to all the people around them much more than they've received from anybody. So I think that's what you learned. But I already knew all of this. There's a lot of people who believe that love and friendship and all these things are unconditional, but that's bullshit. And it's always been a little conditional. Life is conditional. Breathing is conditional. Like everything is conditional. Like living is conditional. Your heart beating is conditional. If you don't...  eat food your heart stops being. There's conditions to everything. Women will say, would you love me no matter what? And the answer to that is no. If you stabbed my dog and set my mom on fire and chopped one of your tits off and then tried to kill me in the middle of the night, I wouldn't love you. No. You mean you mean to tell me that someone could stout G out there? Yeah, he's built different. He's built different. Yeah, but it's an example. So this all this unconditional mindset isn't real. Everything in life is conditional. When you go to jail, the conditions change and you have to see who's going to stick around for the conditions or who believe the conditions will go back. Maybe some girls don't believe you'll ever get out. It's it's all conditional. That's how life works. I wasn't personally offended by anyone I lost. I may have been surprised by a few, but I'm not offended by these things. I understand how the world functions. I've heard through the grapevine for UCI, actually, that you interested in buying some new jacuz. No, bro. Go, go, go, bro. I don't know. It's it's really amazing to me. I don't know who incentivizes these companies. I can guess.  We can guess it's global homo behind the big banks. I don't know if Jaguar had to do this to get a financial payout. I don't know who came along with the money and made them do this, but it's not to sell cars. This is once again like the Netflix show. The Netflix show is not constructed to entertain you. It's constructed to sigh up you. This advertisement was not constructed to sell cars. It was constructed to sigh up you. And what they're trying to do is make everything ugly, beautiful. They're trying to inverse reality. The objective beauty has to be ignored. In a beauty pageant, the big titted, blue-eyed, beautiful blonde is ugly. And some random short, previously manned midget. Chupd is dick off has to be the pretty one and the most beautiful woman. It's all just attacking objective reality so that your senses are under so much constant bombardment that you can't decide what's true and what's false anymore. If you don't know what a man a woman is, you don't know what up and down is. You don't know what left and right is. Of course you can't tell what's alive on the news. You haven't got a fucking clue because your mind is under a soul. This Jaguar advert is a mind assault. It has nothing to do with selling cars.  It's hiring some gay guy who was they were forced to hire by some big bank who bailed them out of their bankruptcy so they can sit there and sirep you and attack your mentality with this constant bullshit. It's not even funny, it's not entertaining, it's not artistic, there's nothing good about it, it's just literally dog shit and it's done purposely. That's my opinion on the Jaguar I had, okay, so I was on the... Because I wasn't clear in case you weren't clear. Yeah. Let's go back to this content removal conversation because I want to hear how you approach this, right? You own content removal.com at this point, right? Woman comes to you, you're at this point, setting her content removal thing. She tells you that she's got her first. How do you approach that sales conversation? Oh, that sounds terrible. Oh, that sounds terrible. Yeah, this happens quite often but don't worry, we can clean it up, pay here. Perfect. That's exactly what I do. That's what we do. Yeah, that's your job. I mean, that's the business. That's the business. You get it.  I mean, I wouldn't be like, listen bitch, you work rehearsed and did nothing, leave the video on. I mean, no, I did it. Sometimes it doesn't pay to have deep opinions like we were talking about as well. Well, yeah, it depends on the scenario, of course. I mean, I get it. Because you speak often about being a professional and I have to be a professional in those scenarios. That's right. It's the triangle. And it's the triangle. I have to understand what narrative and what position I have to play. Cut and broke. I absolutely understand it. I absolutely understand. We all, that's the way the world works. Yeah. So you understand why we can't... I understand. Listen, let me give you another narrative. If you make people feel better, which is effectively what you do. This is what we do as a business. Yeah. You make people feel better. Good. I'm glad you do what you do. If you just make these girls feel better. Good. I'm not a spiteful person. Although they're lying about being co-herst, although it was their own decision, they are now currently upset and you can make them feel better. That's good.  I'm not against that. I'm not saying it should stay up for eternity to make them suffer the consequences. Yeah. I'm not saying that. I'm saying they can't blame a man for what they did. No. You can't put a man in jail for it, because that's what they try and do. If you were to come to him and say, you were co-hurst, please sort of come. You were co-hurst, you go, yeah, yeah. You'll fucking ruin a man's life like a dummy even though she spent all the money. I'm saying that's not allowed. But if you can make her feel better, then do it. Make her feel better. I have no problem. I like Positive Energy in the Universe. I'm a Positive Man. Why I'm talking about these things. It's because it's very important because you understand that if a woman tells you she's co-hurst and then the police go to her and say you've been co-hurst, make a police report and the police officer starts writing down that she's co-hurst, a man will have his fucking life ruined. What I'm saying is that this will affect a man. That's scary. But if it's just removing content and everyone's happy and you're getting paid and her content's gone, then fantastic. I have no good. You see, I don't want to watch. He's all porn shit.  He was made an old blackberry anyway, I don't know, but fuck, but just to just say there was a guy out in the world right now, and his name is Andrew Tate, and he sounds like a very intelligent man. He may or may not have had unfair online content put out there in the world, and he may or may not ring me, and he may say to me, Frankie, there's not fair content on the internet. What, you know, it's not for me at that point to say to that man. Absolutely it's not, you know? Absolutely. It's your fault, you're either... Absolutely it's not, that's not what you wanna hear that is. That's not, no, that's not your job, it's not your business model. I was only highlighting it because I was highlighting how dangerous it is for our society to have the mentality where accountability and responsibility are not linked. I was not talking about it from your business perspective, from your business perspective. No, I should agree with everything and just take the money. I understand how you were talking about it. I just wanted to, wanted the audience to understand how us as a business and my opinion in that specific narrative can't change on that call. Just do me a favor, never remove anything negative about me. I like it, leave it all up, leave every single thing.  Every bad thing I've ever said, all the people who hate me, leave it all. Please, I know you've got these magical internet powers, but I want you to leave all my shit up there because I love it. I think I enjoy it. I like that people are making these hit pieces on me as great. Genuinely gives me positive energy. I feel happy when someone's going to go through and spend hours of their life trying to insult me while I drive my boo-guet around. It's fucking fantastic. I can't wait. I find the girlfriend Instagram. I message the girl, I fuck the girl, it's great. Please, leave it all. Leave it all. All of it. Please. You're not trying to get reduced rates? No, no, no. You're not. No, no. Andrew, I'd like to summarize and finish the podcast off with this question because I really think it allows you to articulate everything about its conversation and your life experience. If there's one piece of gold and pearl wisdom that you could leave and impart in this audience, it's going to move and 1% forward in a life from today that they can take action on what would it be? Well, that's a good question. I'm under the mentality and it kind of ties back into what I said earlier.  that you are exactly not where you deserve to be. That is one version of reality. That's one version of events. And although that's true, I wanna put it in a different way. You're exactly where you wish to be in life. Even if you think you are not happy where you are, I can promise you you are. Because if you're truly uncomfortable, you can't even sleep. If I put you on spikes, you can't lay down. You only lay down even if you're semi-comfortable. What I often hear from people and see from people is that they get very motivated for short periods of time. They'll be very motivated to change their life for three hours and then they'll just go back to playing video games and they're actually not unhappy with their life. They're fine to play video games and eat beans on toast and sit around in a small little apartment. They only become unhappy for a few hours now and again. That's when they talk about how motivated they are. That's when they talk about how hard they wanna try. But in general, they're actually perfectly fine with their life, meaning they wish to be there. If they wished to be anywhere else.  They wouldn't be doing what they're doing and by extension, they would be exactly where they wish to be. I want you to understand at home whether you're successful or unsuccessful. You wish to be where you are. If you wished to be big, you'd be big. You would train all day, every day. There is no such thing as wanting to be big and wishing to be big truthfully and not being big. If you say to a man, do you want to be bigger? They'll all say yes. But do they really wish for it? Oh, you'll take it for free. Will you take anything for free? You'll take a Toyota Corolla for free, but you won't buy one. Take it something for free. It's very different than going out there and earning it and paying for it. They're very different things. So you're as big as you wish to be. You're as rich as you wish to be. You live where you wish to live because truthfully, when you wish for something with all of your heart, never in history has the universe or God failed to give it to you. Anything you've ever truly wished for in your entire life, you have gotten 100% of the time. So then the logical extension of this mindset is...  you have to analyze and decide one, why you wish to be where you currently are. Why? And two, if you wanna change that, where you actually genuinely wish to be, because you have to make sure you really want it. Everyone will say they wanna have $100 million. Everyone will say it, but it's not true. And if you don't wish for it, you're never gonna get it. And in fact, you won't even elevate from your current position unless you're more realistic with your wish. And so I don't want a million, I just want one million. That's my advice. I've got one more for you. Secret round, you know? Because I wrote this one on a, I wanna get your opinion on it. If power corrupts and you've built immense power, how do you ensure you're not becoming the very thing you fight against? That is a very good question. And like I said earlier, I try and self-analysed. I try and look at things outside of my own emotions, but of course I'm human and unfalable. I can't. The truthful professional answer is I can never guarantee I'm not becoming the thing that I said I was fighting against.  And I already see this because if a liberal gets censored now on X now that is changed sides I don't give a shit so much for free speech, huh? Remember when I was Mr. Free speech? Why are they censoring me free speech? But now when a liberal dickhead gets censored I don't care just like liberals never cared when I got censored Maybe things will continue to go my way and everyone will have my opinion and anyone disagrees with me will get blocked Will I give a shit? truthfully? Probably not Maybe I might pretend to give a shit but not enough to do anything about it. I don't think I can Power corrupts absolute power corrupts absolutely we're all human we're all fallible below God All we can do is do our very best. I like to believe I am more reflective and introspective than most people Because I spend a lot of time analyzing myself because that's my entire brand of ethos of life So I can sit here and say that although I make the same mistakes most people make I like to believe I make them less than others But I still make them. I love it and that my friends is Andrew  to take. Thanks for coming on. And guys, do me a solid favour, subscribe to this on all the platforms, I appreciate all of you listening and much love.