 Hello friends, welcome to end of this another video Hello friends So there's some drama in South Korea as we all know that is Tristan's fault So we're gonna go deep into the Reasoning behind Tristan's insubordination and his his undermining of democracy Because Tristan has clearly caused all of these issues in South Korea as we know Tristan's number one favorite thing to do in the world is Implement martial law in random first world nations across Asia and We want to know why today he decided to try and use martial law as an excuse to no longer have to answer to parliament So we're very very interested in why Tristan has done what he's done It is all Tristan's fault I'm gonna go into that and find out exactly how he did it and why he did it Oh day  So Tristan, before we dive into this, I don't want to give an overview on why you did what you did and what exactly you did do. Well, if anybody remembers the story about my date in South Korea and how I turned super racist and started calling everyone Chinese, you know, you see, my revenge plots aren't something that happened overnight. I don't lash out in fits of rage. I sit and I'm meticulously plan and think things over so the people who fuck me over regret doing it for the rest of their lives. Now, that guy in Korea who drank all-  my booze and whose watch I smashed. Nine years ago, I had to make the country pay. So yes, I am responsible for this. I admit it. So you've implemented martial law in South Korea. What I wanna do to everyone at home is I wanna explain this whole situation. And then we're gonna apply it to a larger meta point which is our basic core message anyway, which is that government is a lie. It's all bullshit. It's people in rooms saying things. That's all it is. You get 10 people, you put them in a room, they say something. And then those words somehow matter and they're enforced by people with guns. What really matters in this world is the ability to project force of violence. Those who have the guns say whatever they want. Government's garbage and by extension, that means judicial systems are garbage. Legislative systems are garbage. Medical systems again can be forced to perpetuate garbage. Everything is a lie. All the matters is your own individuals.  sovereignty your own personal network and your own ability to resist these things. So we're going to talk about this democratic nation, South Korea, which you'd consider to be a very stable country, although it's technically at war. It's a stable first world nation with democracy. And now there's tanks on the street. We just saw how close America came to Civil War when they tried to kill Trump. All of this legality, legal systems, courts, all of this is the matrix. It's all made up. It's all bullshit. We're going to bring Ryan Dawson on because he's an expert on the subject. So before we bring him on, I thought I'd give an overview for you people who have just realized that in last four to five hours, and I know you're sitting there thinking, why should I give a shit? You should give a shit because we're going to apply this to the meta afterwards. And apply to the larger point that all government is garbage anyway. This is what's happened in the last four to five hours in South Korea. The president of South Korea expected an impeachment from the opposition from what I understand. It's his wife.  who's under investigation for corruption. So the wife of the prime minister is under investigation for corruption. They're out to get her and he's scared that she is gonna be dragged down along with her because this bitch has been taken handbag some of the wrong people supposedly. To prevent that, he is declared martial law banning all political activity. The Korean army came and closed off the parliament because it's martial law. So the army and the enforcers of violence, you can remember this from COVID. In nearly every country in the world are Zogbots. They don't think. They're not allowed to think. They are paid and they are allowed to have guns explicitly for the reason that they don't think. You do not give guns to thinkers. If you're in charge of the matrix and you give guns to thinkers, they may think you're wrong and they'll turn on you. You need the most siopped Zogba robot idiots to give the guns to the police.  So these people just follow orders. It's COVID if they don't wear a mask. It's dangerous for them So beat them up. Okay, it is dangerous if they don't wear a mask So I will crack their head with I'll crack their skull with this stick to keep them safe and healthy to keep them safe and healthy It is COVID where a mask for your safety They're fucking retards police or retards all cops are bad. I agree. I agree with black lives matter now ACAB All cops are bad. Now we need cops because you need law and order, but they're all bad Life is duality life is hypocrisy. This is the way things work So the Zogbots came to close off the parliament because that's what they're supposed to do because they're not supposed to think They even though they know this is bullshit. They did it anyway The MPs of Korea Climbed over the fence and made their way into the parliament breaking through to Zogbots The special forces tried to storm the parliament to stop  the political activity because it's martial law. But the parliament was able to vote and voted unanimously to lift the martial law and all the restrictions. The army didn't know what to do then because it was martial law and I'm supposed to stop them voting but now they voted to remove the martial law. So they stood around a bit then they decided to listen to the parliament. So the same people who listened to the president went and blocked off the parliament five minutes later decided to do the absolute opposite and walked off. martial law will remain in place in South Korea until the president issues a decree to lift it. The president is constitutionally obliged to lift the martial law after a decision by the parliament. The South Korean president is expected to be arrested and impeached now. So this was some kind of last ditch attempt to close down all political activity. Once again, the world is just people saying things and the one who wins is the one who has the most people with guns listening to them. You know it was very interesting. I follow African politics and I follow all the regional conflicts and all the...  are going on in Africa. Most people don't care. Millions and millions of Africans are at war currently and no one cares about it. We talk about Israel, Gaza, we talk about Ukraine, Russia, but if I tell you that there's fighting going on in Mali right now, you can't name both sides and you don't care. No one cares about the blacks. That's fine. But what's interesting about following African politics is how close to the baseline of humanity is with Western politics or this South Korean situation, we have all this garbage on top of the bottom line because the bottom line is who has the most guns. But now we have the parliament and the constitution and the first lady got handbags and the MPs voted all this shit. And Africa, they don't have time for that. It's just I've got more guns than you saw in the president. No, I have more guns than you saw in the president. Then they kill each other, then the guy with the more guns becomes the president. That's what politics actually is everywhere. And everything on top of the force and on top of the violence is just garbage. It's just a bunch of garbage to try and avoid the bullets flying. So the garbage's primary objective is to avoid the bullets flying.  However, if you do not have the capability to make the bullets fly at some point, you can never play the game of politics, which means it's still all about the guns. So, we're going to talk about South Korea. I'm going to talk about how it applies to life as a whole and why, even in the most advanced nations on earth, you should have basically no faith in any of this shit and you should be as sovereign as possible as an individual. And you should do your absolute best to try and implement a culture of accountability and be performing in a way where you are rewarded for said accountability. Winners love meritocracies. I do not want socialism, not because of law, not because of fucking Stalin, not because of Roosevelt, not because of the iron curtain, not because of my political professor, not because of fucking jerk and off, not who gives a shit. I don't want socialism because I know in a capitalistic game I'm going to win. So I'm anti-socialist with nothing to do with politics, nothing to do with politicians, nothing to do with fucking history, nothing to do with Lenin, nothing to do with Tristan.  I just know if it's a meritocracy, I'll end up Richard and everyone else. So I want to be an meritocracy. If you're the fastest kid in school, you're against participation trophies. Absolutely. And that's why you have to be the best person you can be. You know, when I was poor and I heard that rich people avoid taxes. You are poor. When I was poor and I heard that rich people avoid taxes, I didn't think we need to tax the rich. That's what losers think. I thought, cool. So one day when I get rich, I can just like you know, my taxes away. But that in court, that's what I thought because I have a winner's mindset. You know, if you get really rich, you can, you can get a yacht at an international waters. There's no laws. Okay. So are you saying we should make laws? Yeah. Well, that means you think you'll never have a yacht because if you thought you'd have a yacht, you wouldn't want to change the laws. You have a loser's mindset. I have a winner's mindset. Winners love meritocracies. So I'm anti-styling Lenin Tristan and their socialist bullshit. Not because...  Because of politics, just because I'm out here to motherfucking win. I'm going to stop talking to you if you keep calling the socialist. Okay. We all know what you've done in South Korea. So let's just keep that in mind. So let's bring Ryan on. I don't know if Ryan's feed's ready. I can bring up some more information on what I've seen going on in South Korea. But that's the basic overview. The basic overview is like all things, like all things in the world. The basic overview is there's some dude trying to pull off some kind of FAMOOSE. Hear me out. Where's my whiteboard? Ah, I send the living room because we were playing Smash Bros and keep a track of me beating everyone's ass. Hear me out. Most things in the world are some dude trying to pull off some kind of FAMOOSE. Now I know this seems vapious and shallow, but I promise if you apply this to nearly any situation, that's what it is. Why is Fauci trying to make us all take the vaccine? Does he care about us?  Does he care about humanity? Does he care about this virus? Or is it just some guy trying to pull off some kind of famos? You know? There's nearly anything you can name. Look at any guy on the TV who really believes, we believe, cool. It's just some guy and the good guys do it too. The good guys do it. Elon's trying to fix America. Great. So that he can use America as his launch pad to conquer space, remove regulation around his own companies and become filthy fucking rich. It's just a guy trying to pull off some famos. That's the world. When you see a dude do something, why is he doing that? He's trying to pull off some kind of famos. So this guy has just tried to famos South Korea, which is fine. I'm not against it. So what would you do, Tristan? Your name's Ching Chang and you're in charge of South Korea. You're Chinese now. You're the president, Ching Chang. You're the president.  Chinese president self-courage. The Chinese president of South Korea. Got it. And they're after your wife, they're gonna take away all your power. Would you not try some kind of FAMOOCE? If I ban them from doing stuff, then they can't come after me. That's politics. It's a FAMOOCE, yeah. That's how it works. So, we're gonna get Ryan on. He's got a lot more information to tell us. I'm sure his may be more insightful than a guy trying to pull off a FAMOOCE. But you never know. You might agree with us after all. Ryan, can you hear us? I hear you, I'm clear. So, who's the guy? What's the FAMOOCE? And what's trying to be pulled off? It's quite a bit of drama. So, President Yoon is the one you're talking about. He tried to declare martial law around 1030 at night, thinking they're out of session. Maybe I could get away with this BS. Didn't work at all. The parliament met an emergency session. You can't just declare martial law, by the way. It's unconstitutional. His own party leader and the opposition leader, the way the one that got stabbed and now they're captured out.  earlier. They all opposed it. So this is unconstitutional. They voted 190. Sorry, sorry. We're going to. So these opposition leaders. Who? Oh, no, this is like a year ago, the opposition leader had been stabbed and survived. And if there's always drama in Korea, but they all met 190 to zero, lifted the martial law. So it's lasted about two hours. But it has trouble getting the building to the parliament. Is that what happened? Yeah, because he got on TV and made this declaration that he isn't allowed to do. Because there are conditions for martial law. If we were attacked by North Korea or there if there was an actual emergency, but there was it. This is a guy. Assam. Basically his wife's under investigation. A lot of the investigators, the ones that didn't get disappeared. We're dragging their feet. And so they started in the kitchen. Just carry down so that his wife is under investigation for corruption. I understand.  Yeah, Kim Kyung-hee. She is, she's not a number of things. Brides, her bank accounts were used in this stock trading scam and she said, oh, it wasn't me. I didn't trust in my accounts to scammers and she's got away with that because her husband's justice department acquitted her. Then she took a question. And there was a question, Guards. Investigating her for corruption. You're saying some of them got murdered and the ones that didn't get murdered are just taking ages and messing around and not getting anything done? Well, one of them committed suicide. But it is very sudden. Right, yeah. Apparently all by himself, too. Yeah. Like, she got Clinton. There is some suspect. He was distraught over the guilt because he said that, look, I wanted to investigate her thoroughly. But I had all this pressure telling me to back off and turn away not to pursue these things.  The handbag and stuff is just sort of the tip of the iceberg. And you might think who cares about a $3,000 handbag compared to American politics, whether millions and bribes from A-pack and whatnot. But in Korea, it's a big deal. You can't lie, you can't take bribes. No one's above the law. They put previous presidents in jail. Korea's first and only female president is in president, president park. And then you embark, it's also in prison. And then president row jumped off a cliff rather than going to prison. So that was three in a row, by the way. Then we had president Moon didn't last long. Now president Yoon looks like he and his wife may be going to jail. And the first thing they did when he declared martial law is the Korean citizens were like, ah, they went right to the blue house, which is like the Korean white house. They went right to the parliament. And so they had to get the police of the military to try and prevent them, not the parliament.  not the politicians, but the crowds from knowing that and just stringing this guy up, Leo Frankstyle. So that's what he did. But you are right, a chief investigator into his wife, apparently killed himself in the middle of investigation where he admitted I was told to back off and in like good conscience, I don't believe I did the right thing. And there are some that believe he was murdered and I can understand that position too. So the very simple story is his wife's under investigation for corruption, the investigators which were investigating her some died, some were dragging their feet. The opposition are pissed off and they want it done. So they're going to try to impeach him. So to avoid the impeachment, he just thought, fuck it. I'm going to go to jail like all the other presidents did. Let me just try a last ditch attempt and a declare martial law at 1030 at night when parliament's not in session. Right. Well, they were trying to they were going set to impeach his cabinet members who were dragging their feet on the investigation. So let's just  get him, get rid of them. He's already a lame duck president. He's already out the door. He lost by a landslide. He only got like 25% of the vote. They can't stand him. He's like the second most hated person besides that little new son streamer that I'm not going to name because he doesn't deserve it, but his court dates December 20. I can't wait. He deserved jail. And yeah, we're not going to name him, but a Korean ex-special forces member knocked him out on video, punch him square in the face. That guy's a fucking G. He's G of the week. He's he's my favorite Korean in the world. And I hope they let him. He got a free five star hotel and then a Japanese guy sent him a pizza because the person was goofing off there. He already stayed in jail in Japan, but this is the best because President Yoon was a prosecutor to president park. To president park, the first and only female ever that is now in jail. He helped prosecute her and that's why he got a lot of clothes. Oh, your anti-corruption, you went after president park and now he and his wife.  or definitely his wife, are guilty of the same things. So why wouldn't he like, I'm no Korean legal expert, believe it or not, Ryan, you know, I'm a very well-read man. I know lots of things, but Korean law is at one of them. And Korean relationships and marriage dynamics are also not one of them. But surely, if I were him, I'd just say, yo wife, why are you fucking on my good name? You know what, come get her, come arrest her and find a new wife. Why has he not done that? Oh, because it's inevitable that her crimes are going to link to his. Like she's sort of his hunter Biden. She ran all these art galleries just like Hunter. Oh, it's, or it's a perfect way to launder money because you can't really definitively say, this is worth this much or whatever. So you don't know how much your pain for art, and how much of that was pain for influence. So he tied him with the mess. He's tied him with the mess. And then her mother's in jail for real estate.  It's just trailer park boys writ large. Nice nice. Yeah, I think I like your Greenberg. What's that? Are you in Korea right now? Yeah, yeah, I'm pretty close to the DMZ actually. Nice. All right, well, I don't know. You and trouble already thing, but what do you think happens next? Oh, he's going to get grilled in the morning when most of the public isn't aware of this is 3am right now. So a lot of them, I mean, some of them enough of them went to the parliament already, rushed and tried to get in there. 190 to Zero. So there's no martial law. He just got himself in more trouble. His excuse was he's trying to fight the communist, which over here, that's like yelling racist. It's just what, I mean, there are communist, but it's just something, it's an excuse that is totally about his wife. Who are these communists that they fear? They think there's foreign agents for North Korea. They don't actually think that, but that's the kind of crap. It would be like, oh,  Hong Dong Hoon and Lee Jae-myeong. And I mean, I don't know if these people, but that's what we have to. Am I correct in saying it's like how in the year 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, any time America did any bullshit, they said to protect our freedom, no matter what time it is. You're an American and you like Song Bin Laden. Yeah, it's probably not that level of stupid, but there, I mean, it's hard like a scale of one to America. It's about a six maybe. I mean, that the Bush era was just the almost the bottom. I think Biden really was the bottom. They had pregnant men and I just don't know how you get it, longer than that. That was, that was an attack on reality itself. With Fauci, you mentioned earlier, he admitted he made it up. The attack on reality itself. I'm tweeting that and crediting you right now. I would go for it. I think so. So I just, it gave something to Andrew and excuse and they just kind of vaguely blame North Korea vaguely and say.  that North Korea is vaguely doing something. Yeah, I mean, if you say communist, and it's true, then it gets people afraid, it gets people to pay attention, but when he says it, it doesn't matter, it's credibility, it's shut. So recently in South Korea, that's true. What have they done that's relevant? Are they done anything really? No, they're just worried about moles inside the government because North Korea has been sending those shit balloons, which technically is a biological attack. It's serious, and I can't, it's still comical, I can't help it. Like, it's a big, blimp full poop. I mean, come on. It's kind of funny. But there's no infiltrators, there's no moles. They're after them for corruption. And this is what happens when you have a functional media, even presidents go to jail, even while they're in office, they can go to jail. Now, it is a problem with their equivalent of the DOJ over here, but the press is just constantly on it, on it, on it.  You do not want to f around in Korea. That's a little cripple. The DOJ is corrupt because the media's honest. They can't bury things because in the West, most people don't realize it doesn't matter what the DOJ does. It doesn't matter what the prosecutors do. It doesn't matter what the judicial system does. What matters is does depress bury the story. Perfect example, not to be narcissistic, is my brother and I being hammered as human traffickers for four years, whereas Hugh Edwards and all these other people who work for the BBC, they have their stories bearing within six hours. They don't mention it anymore and they get to walk away from anything they've done. So it's just about the media being complicit and keeping the public opinion on a certain subject or burying a certain subject, which allows them to lie by omission, by omitting certain facts. They effectively only lie because they can only tell part of the story depending on their agendas. So let me just confirm you're saying, although the DOJ is as corrupted in Korea as it is in many other countries, perhaps it's a little bit better, but of course power.  influence all go together and there's going to be a lot of shady backroom deals. Because the media is open and honest, they will highlight things that become impossible to ignore and they won't bury stories like happens in the West. Yeah, it's two factors. I'll tell you what happened. I call it the North Korea effect because I lived in Japan for 17 years and people there are just sort of apolitical. They don't care. They think it is a blob. It's not going to change and they're correct. But because of the threat of North Korea, almost nobody in South Korea is apolitical or apathetic. Because you actually have a real enemy with nuclear weapons and they're technically or seal at war, people here are hyperpolitical. So they do pay attention and that public interest also pushes the media. And unlike the West, pre- and media isn't an oligarchy. So they go after people and there is corruption like why if one president...  kills himself and the next one goes to jail. Why in the world would you take bribes and do the same thing and end up in jail again? Three jailed, one dead looks like the fourth one is about to go to jail or at least the first lady is. She may be able to pay fines and weasel her way out of it because whatever her crimes aren't as severe as the previous ones that we know of. But if that chief investigator turns out to be a murder and not a suicide, that doesn't happen over here. That murder itself, this is like 100 a year. I mean, it's just not what the previous the female prime minister do the putter and jail corruption. Graphed bribes corruption. She was taking advice from some weird religious cult. The typical things and they said. There's no way like there was no. There's no way she was get away with it and it looked really bad because they're all outside. We have our first.  male president and then right out in Taiwan had their first female president. She's out. And then Park went to jail. But it's hilarious because one of the chief prosecutors is now the president even though he's on his way out and he lost his election and his wife has been investigated. And she's she also plagiarized her master's thesis and had to apologize about that. They don't like that either. You lie about education. Not as competitive as education is here. And you're a plagiarist. You can't get away with that. So I'm becoming and they're they're going to stick to them. And what other places would probably consider petty things. Ooh, a $3,000 bride, whatever. Not here. They feel like if we caught you stealing $3,000, there's probably more behind it. And that is usually the case. So I guess my question is my view may not be the same as your view. I'm not sure what your view is. But I think I explained my view at the beginning of the C.E.M. I  I think that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely and that humans have an innate bias inside of them and that the powerful and the wealthy are always gonna be working together to try and pull off a moose of some kind. When they talk about things like they're separate branches of government, I find that so funny when they say like, the judicial system is completely separated to the political system. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, oh yeah. Hunter Biden. No, as if the fucking present of Romania hasn't talked to the top judges about our case. Like it's the biggest fucking thing in the world. Like it's all bullshit if you don't believe that these people aren't in the same social circles and they're not talking to each other and they're completely uninfluencible. This is all bullshit. It's all a lie, these separate branches of government and they only wheel out that lie and put it on the news when it suits them. And 99% of the time they're all just shaking hands and dark rooms and doing whatever deals they wanna do. So I think that of course, when I say certain things, I talk in extremes and hyperbowl for a comedic effect. But truthfully, we're only humans doing the best we can to have some semblance of systems and some semblance of...  and they are corrupted, but if you delete it, government, I'm not saying the world would be a much better place. It would be a free for all and it would be Somalia. So, I'd understand all of this, but my point is that what they are saying is happening is also a lie. Is which government on the planet do you think is the fairest? Are there any governments which aren't corrupt? Are there any governments which you think are genuinely run the way a government should be run? What you said I agree with as far as it doesn't really matter if you divide into judicial legislative and executive. You tried to division of powers experiment. It might take a little bit more time to corrupt that and more collusion than just having an autocrat or a monarch or something. But the opposite is true too, you might have a benevolent king or something. But I don't think it matters the type of government you have compared to the type of culture you have. I think everything is downstream from culture. So, if you don't have a functional media, if you don't have a culture that actually shames wrongdoing, then...  whatever type of government you have. It doesn't matter if it's communist or fascist or imperialist or whatever. All these forms of government, we've seen them murder millions of people. We've seen them steal, they all get together, they don't care about you. It's rich for support, puttocracies, and that way since ancient Greece. And so the element of like, oh, let's just vote in the right people, it will not matter until you change the culture. And the most effective way to change the culture is through mass media. And that's why they ban people with reach and are so scared to death of anyone that isn't a degenerate. And that's why they also boost degenerates. Like if you have YouTube privilege, you're probably doing something wrong or you don't matter. It's like you always say, it's the level of censorship you receive is good balance with your significance, correlated to your significance. And that's, so if you're only like, well, which governments are less corrupt? They're all corrupt. It's how many have to deal with a population that will hold them to account as much as possible. And I think East...  Asia is pretty good. What do they grow? I'll take that out of. Yeah, of Europe, Switzerland, they have a lot of white-color crime with banknotes and whatnot. They don't have a lot of street violence type of thing. I don't like everyone around them seems to have open borders other than maybe hungry. So it's not bad for Europe. Not on the level of Japan or something yet. I mean, they're just, they're not there. You want to find a cigarette on the street over there outside Tokyo. Yeah, because Switzerland had a political system, which I researched, which seemed very interesting and pretty fair. But then Davos and WF and all those fuckers are there. And it makes me think, well, which one is it? I'm not sure. I mean, they have Bitcoin and they have the Satoshi Nakamoto statue and they have this very fair democratic system with all these hundreds of referendums a year. And you get to choose how your own country's run and at the same time the WF and Davos is there. And I can't work out what one it is. Well, they meet there and it's seen as like the neutral  spot, but you know, you got to compare it. I can't believe it can pull that off. He even Sweden too. And I don't like their open borders, but they didn't go along with this COVID nonsense. And the US system, you know, as bad as it is on foreign policy, there is some semblance of state rights, Tennessee, Florida, some places say we're not doing this. We're not doing the COVID stuff. We're not having boys in the girls' bathrooms. So it is good that you do have levels of government. The problem is the federal government is way too big. You have a Fed that can arbitrarily expand the money supply. There's so many problems. And of course, Parasite flow took flock to the largest host in the United States. But I tell people all the time, you think it's bad. And it is the American imperialism. You have no idea how much worse it would be if China was the superpower or some of these other places. America is horrible, but it would be so much worse if someone else had the power. They're pretty lenient compared to all the videos. I was about to say that. I was about to talk about that all.  And I say everyone, you know, the accelerationists and the anti-Western conservatives who want to see it all burn want to see America fall But I think then perhaps you'll have Middle East as a center of power because of energy for a while But eventually you'll end up China and I don't think the world would be a fear or fair or place under China We can talk about Chinese politics in a second that would be very interesting But the American experiment is also a very interesting one and I think We talk about the democratic process and okay, they've attacked Trump and they tried to do all of this insanity But now it looks like they've kind of given it over to him and now they're saying they're gonna all do everything It's very difficult for me when I look at a world map I'm like well which of these governments is fair which of these governments actually operates away is supposed to operate Which and the way you analyze that is which court do you want to end up in like where would you like to go to court to defend your innocence? And when you actually look at a world map it's kind of scary because anywhere below Mexico's off the limits Anywhere in Africa's off limits anywhere in Middle East is off limits Asia fuck no I mean, I don't know about Korea Japan, but I feel like a Bowser for  in one of those courts. It wouldn't be a very fun time. Then you look at the liberal insanity of Europe, like, you know, you sneezed in a masculine way. That's jail. Then you look at America, it's like, where do you even go to court nowadays and defend your innocence as a full grown man? You know what's funny? I've had a lot of people say to us about our court case. So like, you know what? Romania is actually a good one for you. I'm like, why? The like, England would have fucked you, France would have fucked you, Germany would have fucked you, Sweden would have fucked you, Switzerland would have fucked you, the things you boys say on the internet, you would be fucked anywhere else. At least Romania don't give a shit when you say men can drive and women can't. Romania don't care because they agree with it. You stand a fairer shot there than you do most places on the planet, which is kind of scary. We're talking about fucking Romania here. So it's like, where do these systems even work? And then I guess the real argument, the interesting conversation from there is, if the systems all bullshit, do you just want to dictate or pray for a competent nationalist, like RG and Putin better political systems than the democracies we have in Europe where everyone's self-imploding? Ha ha ha. Well Putin was...  elected, at least he has elections unlike Celensky. Yeah. And you know, in over in Asia, they have a very high conviction rate. People don't understand is they try as much as possible to settle things without going to court at all. And usually, if you're being convicted, they've already followed you around and figured it out before you even go to court. And it's like 99% you're going to jail. So, so, Ferris, it'd be interesting for the next emergency meeting we bring you on. Let's try and find which government do we think actually operates in the fairest way. And like, because China is effectively just a dictatorship, right? Xi has his fist on everything and you're going to obey or you get the death penalty. Is that, am I incorrect? It's run by six families pretty much. Yeah. So, we look at America, right? So, when you're a professional, you have to understand certain things. And I think a lot of people, they forget their professionalism in line with their political affiliations. So, I say the media lies. Conserve it if you say the media lies. Until the media says something they...  like, then the media is telling the truth. They don't sit and actually think the media lies no matter what they say. So the conservatives will say fake news since 2016, but then if the newspapers say Israel is doing the right thing, they'll believe the newspaper because they want to believe it is all confirmation bias. And that's what we suffer from the most in the West. We talk about the fact that, I mean, Elon and very powerful, very rich people now under Trump's administration will effectively become oligarchs. Effectively, they're going to be extremely powerful, extremely wealthy tied into every single system of government, tied into every single system of sustenance to the populace. They're no different than owning Gazprom in Russia now, once they own all the EV cars. So we're still going to have an oligarchy. We're still going to have a political class of people who have so much money and so much power there to a degree. You'd like, of course, this can never be said or admitted, but to a degree, they're going to have huge judicial influence. So I like what you said about culture because all the different systems kind of all lead back to what you just described in China as six families. They've been in charge.  They run shit and fucking with any of them is going to be too much trouble. Is that where most of the West ends up? I mean, I mean, it's not much different than most July, George Soros. I mean, and if you understand history, every European kingdom, every empire, including ancient Rome, it was all five or six families. So, but it was. So, here's a question for you. Would we argue then that China with its families and Russia with its oligarchs and America with its soon-to-be oligarchs under the Trump presidency as opposed to the globalism? Is the reason Europe is losing the most because their oligarchy isn't loyal to a particular state. They're just loyal to the banks above it all. And so, they're prepared to sacrifice states for their own personal gain, whereas a Chinese oligarch is not completely prepared to sacrifice China for personal gain. Yeah, the loyalty to soil went out the the moment you could have international corporations and speculations stock markets wherever it didn't matter where the borders were. So, you can profit here without having to.  like being in this piece of dirt, like common England, it's not like that anymore, but like Tristan's right, throughout history, large corporations, like the East India tea company or the Dutch company, whereas Rich is the crown, and you could think of the East India tea company as kind of like the ancient Black Rock, with today you have holding companies that through it's like a Nesfer brokerage firms, and they are the real power, then you have your central banks, and so on. But it's culture would change it, like yeah, you're gonna have plutocrats, Ralph Nader wrote a book called, Only the billionaires can save us. If, cause this is just being real politic, that's how it's gonna be. If I'm gonna choose a plutocrat, I'd like it to be someone more culturally in line with Elon Musk than George Soros. I agree with you. Exactly, you're gonna have to pick your master. This is my point, you can't be anti-Auligar. You just have to choose the one which is ideologically aligned, but the idea that the right, when I was saying that they're not professional, they're saying complaining about these billionaires influencing things. Now we,  still have billionaires influencing things but are ones we agree with but it would be unprofessional to pretend that's not the case. Yeah, it's well there might be a spot there might have been some times but if you're talking about specifically in a country with 300 million people and probably more of all the legalists like America, the guy with 260 billion or whatever it is now that's your guy. I mean they're going to have influence. It's too late to start over. You already have all the garks. You already have plutocrats that have enormous power. You just buy whatever with that amount of money. So you're going to have to have a culture that inculcates beliefs in these people to say, hey, I'd rather colonize Mars than start a nuclear war between Russia and NATO. Or try to sort this to that. Or try to sort this to that. That's all by pretending men are women. Yeah, well that's what they they attacked is the Frankfurt School on steroids is what that was.  know that that's not true. It's gaslighting. And I mean, that was in school curricula is that have a class about work of views, about the 72 different things we just made up of different gender dissonnet. There's men and women and then there's Kierstein or whatever that is. Yeah. But they, yeah, you're right. They know it's not true. The people pushing in, the people at the very top, no, it's not true. Just like they knew you didn't have to wear masks and social distance and avoid your friends. Right. So they're not stupid. Yeah. Yeah. They're not incompetent. So these six families that run China, they're just families that have been in charge a long time and they're in charge of the banking institution to manufacturing primarily. They just in charge of all the important things and they all two degree answer to or work with G effectively. Yeah, well, banking's one construction like it's different. So in America, it's pharmaceuticals, energy and weapons are the big, are the trifecta in China. Construction since they don't have private property under comedies. It might be building infrastructure. It's  They really do make bridges to know where Japan was kind of like that too for a while because after World War II there was so much to rebuild that those and those businesses gathered a lot of wealth, food, jada family, and so these, yeah, they are similar banks. They run, there's one media really, it's just like how Russia was during communism. So those are the ones in charge. There is a little bit of competition between them but if they're all culture in line it doesn't matter. Like it's your your ants and their antators. The regular Chinese person doesn't really have a lot of social or economic mobility. Whereas I feel like in the West and in Europe there are some avenues out. You could buy crypto at the right time and sell it. There's some niches where you like you can get wealth. You could quickly that you couldn't do before. Just you weren't going to be the manager and I'm going to level up and call the ladder and learn by the time you're 60. You may have some money.  It, you know, their ways you have more freedom than you realize is just that we're aware of all the corruption more now than before because before there was zero free speech. It's just whatever was on TV was what at least now like I've been kicked off everything. So, you all, I've been kicked off everything. I even got kicked off crypto exchanges all that so I couldn't participate in that. But at least I have stuff to be thrown off of before there was nothing to even be on to get thrown off of. And so that was worse. It hasn't proved. So it all seems like a black pill, it's a white pill because, well, I mean, what are you complaining about the money you make on X? You used to not make any money on X. Agreed. If you're someone like me, you already allowed to be on X or Twitter or any of those things. So we can't get you in the way at it. The South Korea story is going to be more interesting when he gets dragged in front of the parliament. Oh, right. The Korean Twitter is just grilling them all right now. It's hilarious. It's going to be great.  So we'll do an update on this tomorrow and the final question I have for you. Imagine a world where China becomes the superpower tomorrow. They're the only ones who can print the money. They have all the American head to money. The ability to project force like America can. How would the world be different for the average European less say or the average American if China was the world superpower? Do you remember Gingus? Yeah. So it means it's bad. That it would be a globalized China. Even worse because they can't even get away with too much on their own because there are outside forces. There's the quad like everyone's like could America take on China? No, that's not how it happened. You know what they do? They would attack China with India. Yes. And then they'd be dealing manpower. Yeah. They'd be dealing with the Philippines and Japan and Taiwan and the United States. And everyone listening, I just said that like, oh, yeah, that would work in America. The win's again. You're right. I hope that never happens as hilarious. Well,  I'm not gonna make that joke, but no, you do not want to war with India and China. All those billions of people in advanced weapons would be the global economic disaster. These people that think, oh, we're gonna go to war with China just like you created in Russia did go over Taiwan. They're like, no, you're not. They're good. Look, China can take Taiwan without firing a bullet. In a couple more elections, they will win it politically just by putting in puppet regime there and getting everything effectively they want out of it. They're not going to invade it. It's not how they roll. Yeah. Interesting. Interesting. So let's keep this in mind for a future emergency meeting. Which government do we think is the best of them currently? I'd really love to have a conversation around that. Let's try and get a top three or a top four. Which government do we know? I'm not here. I don't want anyone moving here. We're full. Yeah. It'd be very interesting to try and work that one out. It'd be interesting. And I like what you said about China as well. I'm gonna do some research as to how the world would look as a Chinese superpower. I know it's pretty late over there. It's sad.  China had a premier culture like China and Rome where the dominant culture is if you look at all time. And within two generations, Mao destroyed it. Just, it's hard to start. That's another thing to talk about Mao because a lot of people don't understand why he killed as many people as he did. I mean, I know quite a lot about this, but. Not a bit with just the communism doesn't work. They started. I mean, he tried to modify China during behind one time zone. He was a country so large, tried to unify it behind one time zone and set the working hours accordingly. And the agricultural reforms that sprung from that meant half the people starve to death. It's not about, he decided to kill these people and starve them to death. He just had crazy ideas about time zones and work hours and everyone ended up starving to death because communism's shit. So it was pure incompetence as well as brutal ruthless fascism in his own kind of. Well, communism can only work fire force because you can't enforce it in any other way. There's no other incentives besides the threat of violence. So this is every complaint you hear about, currently.  capitalism is, you know, probably correct. But then you're thinking, so you want to give the state even more power? What do you think? Oh, the state, the state, it's just out of its own benevolence is going to redistribute wealth because it's a nice guy. And like, let's get rid of merit and let's get rid. There's no, look, you look at places that don't have copyright law and stuff. They're parasites. They never invent anything, even if they have billions of people. Because that person can't benefit from their own intellectual property. Yeah. So why why bust your balls? There's someone else to prop it from it. They don't. All right, bro, I'll let you do the morning to get an update on Korea. Cool. Get some sleep, man. Oh, yeah, wait about five hours for everything to be in session. It's going to be good. For anyone watching that's Ryan Dawson, my last tweet I just posted on X has his X handle in it. So you could find him there. Thanks, Ryan. I appreciate it. And Andrew, I did the Matt Gaetz video you were asking about. It's pinned.  if you want to check that out, I do want to check it out because he was supposed to be AG and they hit him with, man, he was all human trafficking. Very interesting that when you talk, when you talk against the system, you get some kind of human trafficking charge. It's called a accuser with the ones actually guilty of it. Not him. Oh, yeah. Of course, accusers were always guilty of it. This always the way it is, just like you talked about this South Korean president, I'm sure in our case, you know, it's very, very interesting to me. I always find these things amazing. The destiny leaks just came out. He's a faggot. No surprise, but I think, you know, if my brother and I had even looked at porn ever, it would have been leaked by D-Cop. It would have been. We haven't even looked at, we've done so little. They have nothing but fucking altered WhatsApp. They can't even fucking embarrass us with our sexual preferences. There's nothing on us. We're the clearest fucking people four years in. It's crazy. And then all these liberals who say we're bad, they have one tiny leak of 1% of their data and their second dick. It's like, imagine if all of their data was fucking screwed.  and eyes is incredible. Yeah. Well, I don't think I can say what I know about your other case and another place, but it's good news and I'm just waiting for the other shoot-of-all. But the universe bends towards justice in the end. Yeah, it's always, the screaming pain is the beat you. They're guilty of their inaccusations. You see this over and over again. You saw that with Biden saying Trump did quid pro quo and he and his son did that. He just pardoned him from 2014 to 2010. You're not in the government of Earth, of course. Well, you know, if that had happened in South Korea, they would have hanged him. Yeah. I mean, if you're given trouble for a $3,000 handbag, imagine selling nuclear secrets to the Chinese or a no-show job with Burisma for 80,000 a month or swindling Native American bonds like Devon Archer and Chris Hines and Hunter Biden did. I did a film on that too. It's free.  like that it's so much worse than 10% for the big guy and the stuff I think everyone's heard. It's so much deeper and nastier than that. Well, there's a there's a reason his pardon wasn't that well getting high with hookers and waving guns around his part and most for all crimes all crimes. I posted on next. Think this morning or last night I said I sat my exact post with something along the lines of new Hunter Biden crimes are going to come to light and they're going to come out and Joe Biden's going to be long since dead or retired or vanished into nowhere and it's going to say the media's official narrative is going to say, Oh, that pardon was a sloppy mistake because we didn't know he did know they know exactly what they're doing. They know exactly what they're doing and it's going to be it's going to be painted as some essential part of the sloppy mistake because you know he banged his dead brother's widow. Yeah, his brother died and then he hooks up with the wife then he cheats on her with a hooker and get  is the hooker pregnant. And so like, I don't really care about as hookers and drugs that much. I would be like, just other than someone could use that as leverage, it's the sheer to gravity of selling influence. You talked about gas from earlier. Rosemond, since ago, we're trying to give or do you with them. They did so much damage selling, that's why they call them Beijing Biden. And as James Biden, as Frank Biden, as Hunter Biden, and it's genocide, Joe, it's all of them. They're not gonna see justice because we don't have a functional media. In fact, anything you probably know about it that's truthful came from post-Dlon X because you couldn't put this anywhere before. Well, before that, it was Russian disinformation. And if you talked about it online, yeah, 51 intelligence agents said this is fake Russian propaganda. Yeah, well, D-Calls said we're human traffickers, so we all know what they fucking think. I'll fool a shit. Thank you so much. I'm a dirt on them too, but. The time will come over and the time.  Welcome. Thank you so much. I'm gonna go nuts on them. Yeah. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Guys, if you're joined the show, I want you all to try and sign up to Rumble Premium. If you can, Rumble deserves your support. They're not YouTube. They're not gay. It's one of the most fantastic companies, which has been championed free speech for a very long time. The most fantastic company. The war against free speeches in full spring. Rumble leader and defending this fundamental human right recently joined X to sue a cartel of advertisers and ad agencies, which conspired to block advertising revenue from going to the platforms. Even Dunkin' Donuts did not want to advertise on Rumble because of what they called right-wing culture, which for some reason was considered a bad thing, although it literally built the modern Western world. And just won the fucking landslide election. As a way to rally around these issues, Rumble recently launched Rumble Premium and ad-free viewing experience with some great perks for both viewers and creators, upgrade to Rumble Premium today in support free speech because the tides are turning. Go to Rumble.  talk gums slash premium and use code Tate 10 to save $10 in your rumble premium. Get rid of those adverts. Guys, how do you apply this? A lot of you are not South Korean. You've not been to South Korea. You don't understand or give a shit about the South Korean president. I perfectly understand that. But I did this emergency meeting anyway because all of these things can be applied to the larger meta point about how the world functions, how the earth actually works, and how you can position yourself as a man to do your absolute best surviving in this jungle of endless law fair. We're in Romania currently if we drive in a few hours, we're in Hungary or Serbia, totally different legal systems, totally different rulers, totally different presidents, totally different political forces, totally different institutions. Once again, we can be doing something completely legal in one country, me doing the exact the same thing. It's considered illegal, a short drive away. It's the same if you're in America. You change states and all of a sudden all of the laws change. The best thing you can possibly do in scenarios, irregardless of whether it is legal, whether it is any other type of scenario as a man as we prepare to fight the bitch.  or end tooth and nail. You know, it's impossible to say I gave up without saying I gave, which is why it's extremely important. You can resist with absolute vigor, all forms of enslavement and you do that through personal sovereignty and networking. You do that by being as rich as possible, as competent as possible, immune to stress, hard working, dedicated with a network of people around you. You can rely on. It was very interesting. My brother and I having a conversation with someone earlier today, talk about the Romanian judicial system and he was saying that 98% of people are in jail purely because someone in their circle right on them. And what happens is when the pressure of the system comes down, somebody always breaks either a woman gives up and rats you out or one of their friends rats them out. And the reason my brother and I is innocent men are not in jails because nobody in our circle is break. Right on us turned on us. We've stayed working hard. We've managed to push our narrative and defeat mainstream media. We've stayed making millions of dollars to afford legal fees. We've done a very good job of fighting back against an oppressive and corrupt system. And it's for that reason that they are going to lose because we are hard targets.  We are a hard target based on our individuality, our perspicacity, and our tenaciousness, our tenacity. And that's what you should be as a man. People should look at you and say that as a tenacious, hardworking man who will be very difficult to crush. And if you do those things, if you understand that you cannot rely on a government, you cannot rely on a judge, you cannot rely on a doctor, you can't rely on the police, you can't rely on a teacher, you can't rely on anyone other than yourselves and the people who genuinely care about you. For people to give up their own personal gains with the primary objective of aiding you, that is something that comes from love and love alone and you need to have a network around you of people who are at the same creed, the same world beliefs, and they love you enough to actually do that. So it's extremely important you look at things like the South Korean parliament. It doesn't matter if he managed to pull off this martial law coup or not. If you live in South Korea, your position would be better if you're rich. Your position would be better if you're strong. Your position would be better if you know important people. Your position would be better if you had access to information other people don't have. Your position.  would be better if you had the capability of leaving South Korea forever at a whim. Your position will be better if you have a large following online and people understand your view on things. Your position will always be better based on your personal sovereignty. Irregardless of how the leader of the country tries to govern things, fomose things, pull off a scam, and it's the same in nearly every other country in the world. Trump won. That's a sign of relief. Sure. But if Trump had lost, your position would be better. If you had a strong network of brothers around you and a whole bunch of money, mental strength, into fatigued ability, you had the ability to not become fatigued and fighting the good fight, all of these things are extremely important. And it's interesting what Ryan said about culture. If enough men do that, a culture of meritocracy, a culture of hard work is sprung from the people within the society itself. And that actually fixes a lot of the problems. A lot of the problems can be fixed and you will not need the solutions for the problems if you prepare solutions for the problems. If enough men prepare to be sovereign, hardworking, dedicated men who understand.  what is right and wrong, there will be a lot less wrong to fight. The more prepared you get for a fight, the less likely you are to have to fight in the first place. And that's actually the beauty of self preservation and self preparedness. So we talk about this South Korea, martial law garbage, which will all be forgotten in a few days. We talk about Hunter Biden getting pardoned by his father as I predicted accurately on an emergency meeting six months ago, which will be forgotten in a few days. We're glad Trump is now in charge of America. The world's largest superpower. We hope Elon's going to come along with Doge and clean everything up. But sooner or later across the next 50 years, a dickhead president is going to come in. It's all going to collapse again. It doesn't matter what happens in these systems because these systems are nothing other than fallible people sitting in rooms talking garbage. You need to be as prepared as possible for all eventualities. And there's never in any scenario on earth. Is there an advantage to being weak? A lot of men, especially now because they've been feminized have this world view that somehow their enemies will feel sorry for them.  I am the kind of man who gets lined up by the firing squad to be shot and charges at the guns and dies in a blaze of glory. I don't fight to win. I fight to fight. I don't care if the chance of me disarming all five guards getting a weapon and then killing 300 more guards on my way out of the army bases zero. I will fight for the sake of fighting. I do not fight for the sake of winning. Most men in the world today will only fight if victory is certain. And even in that scenario they will be afraid. Even if you said you are guaranteed to win, they would still be afraid to fight. Let alone if they had a low chance of winning or no chance of winning. Most men in the world today are the kind of person who gets lined up to be shot. And their answer is to make a sad face and say please don't shoot me to the Zogbots. Please don't shoot. I didn't do it. Sad face. The Zogbots don't give a fuck. Some judge somewhere who will never think of you again side to piece of paper and it was your death warrant. You're about to be shot and finished and your stupid little f-  in sad face does nothing but disorder your ancestors and your bloodline before you lose consciousness forever. Men like me we charge at the guns and the more prepared you are to charge at the guns and fight tooth and nail with every last ounce of strength you have the less likely you end up to be in a scenario where you need to do exactly that. That's extremely important for you to remember. Do not expect your enemies to have mercy on you. If the Liberals won and Kamala won they want every single person listening to this podcast dead. All died. Us, me, you, your children, they would laugh. They would enjoy it. Do not expect enemies to ever have any sympathy for you. They never will. Do not hope that somehow your enemy will have mercy or give you court or because they never will. Prepare for certain death. Prepare for battles that you stand no chance at all of winning and the harder you prepare, the better you become an impossible circumstances, the less likely you are to ever meet circumstances where you have to do the impossible.  You make the bridge show, it's free to produce higher We got all that bones, we produce higher We're gonna break those feelings, produce higher To the emergency meeting You make the bridge show, it's free to produce higher We got all that bones, produce higher We're gonna break those feelings, produce higher To the emergency meeting So friends, that's it If you have enjoyed the video and you have gone...  motivated from this video and we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew and I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see a video like this I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Andrew date so if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only way so I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly so let's see it see you again goodbye