 Right, I just woke up and Trump launched a meme coin. You know, I only sleep three or four hours a day and somehow I managed to miss the largest cultural event. Bro, I was awake. I'll stay awake. Yeah, so I only sleep a few hours and somehow I managed to miss the largest event in crypto in a very long time. I only sleep two or three hours a day and then I woke up and Trump's launched a meme coin. So we're gonna talk about what that meme. We're gonna talk about how that affects the space and then we're gonna get the daddy dev on here because he's gonna brag. I think he's made how much to make. He made like seven or eight million dollars or something. Incredible. So we're gonna ask him how he's done. In fact, I might call that motherfucker right now. I'm gonna call him right now so he can brag and we're gonna talk about what this means for crypto and how and how we can utilize it because we missed we how how come you made all that money when I was asleep. That's gotta be criminal. That's gotta be some kind of criminal charge. That's human trafficking. Listen, I'm on my yo, I can't hate you right now. No.  Sorry, so I got 25 coming on board right now once I need to let him through come on honey. Okay, no worries. All right, so what what happened? This just came out of nowhere Yeah, basically exactly that it just came out nowhere We're actually to be honest with you someone in my like cobble group chat Send the CA quite early to us. So I kind of had the CA pretty early and I saw just a for the same as I saw it. I'm eight like 250k I'm not you you overestimate me by a bit, you know, I'm not seven hands. I'm only up about four and a half. Oh, so you're broke Yeah, you know Almost there for a sharon, you know almost there for a sharon But you know hopefully soon soon come you know soon come you know get to your levels guys Well, though, I'm glad I'm glad someone called it. That's I'm just you know for the family if no one would have caught it I'd be pissed so I'm just glad somebody called it that's the most important thing  Literally like a solid like Minimum 25 am's bro. Minimum 25 am's like the group you know like it's crazy right now That's literally crazy and the the money that I'm seeing on Twitter right now the mouth people that are making Silly bread bro like generation or wealth like we're talking Fliped in 200k three-inch like this. This was the day you logged in and you logged out you get me Wow So how how do we think this affects Salana because this is gonna change the trenches forever? Surely I mean because I mean Trump Trump is the guy right? So all the people saying that the trenches are both and Celeb coins aren't real and all this crap This is got this is validated that Salana chain as a whole validated meme coins as a whole This is gonna be here to stay forever. Well, yeah, well it creates a really you know big dynamic for you know celebrity coins I think there was a lot of hate on them up until now But when you have you know, there's a certain point of like no return where when you have a like Trump coinboardepy  Oh, that's like Michael Jackson deciding to You can't get bigger than that. You don't get bigger than that. And that sort of like adds a certain validity to you know the chain and you know even for you know daddy and other coins like that, you know we're talking These coins will be bullish a liturgy coins, you know I'm bidding personally Because now everything just has a stock price effectively right so every person who's famous has a stock price Every movement will effectively have its own stock price everything's just gonna have a price on chain And how successful that thing is is gonna be directly correlated to the price Trump is gonna be a fantastic president and his coins high I bet his coin will dump the second he's not president anymore probably unless he does something amazing And we have daddy which is directly linked to me So when I'm free and I'm flying the world that's gonna blow So it's interesting now. We're living in a world where everyone has like a price on their head almost I  Exactly. Exactly. That's a perfect analogy. Like perfect way to put it. So now the question is, do we have to do this with everything? Or do we not do with everything? Because you don't want to look like your cheap, or you don't want to look like you're trying to cheapen things, but perhaps this is just the new world where everything needs a price, and everything's tokenized, and how successful that thing is is directly correlated to a Salana price. Because if that's the case, because I'm very serious, I'm going to become Prime Minister. Well, I'm Prime Minister. I'm sending the feds first to your house to get some of that money you just got. The first thing I'm doing is decal rating you. But when that's done, you know, I'm serious about vote, bro. I'm making a very serious political statement, which is why I didn't want to heavily endorse a coin, but Trump is. So it's like, now I'm sitting thinking does vote, bro, I need to endorse official coin or no. I think it does personally. I think that we should definitely talk about that. But I think that I think that's going to be a heavy coin, bro. I think I agree with me. So I think everything.  becomes tokenized these days as soon as Elon says any word to Margie has tokenized. They used to do that with me as well I remember they or I think they still do every time I say any word is a token. They still do, bro. When you like made the prop buy there was maybe like a thousand two thousand coins like four rub and like deployments of prop. But you know this decides validity. Yeah, so if Trump's doing it then I guess anyone can do it and then I guess perhaps I here's my question. I'm just talking out loud. Does the brough party having a coin do detriment it as a political movement? Does it cheapen it as a political movement? Because I am serious about becoming prime minister and I'm very serious about running elections. Do you think it's a bad thing to have a coin directly linked to it? Well, here's the thing people need to understand. It's very important. When people buy coins they're pvp in each other, right? There's a certain difference between a coin like I don't know, let's say the TRW coin  will be genuine utility, genuine buybacks, genuine, you know, things like that. And a coin like bravo or, you know, whatever, like daddy, whatever. These coins are tokenized, you know, PVP, people versus people, everyone against each other. And to be honest with you, I think tokenized stuff is really fun. I think buying tokenized versions of things is really fun and good. I make, you know, it's my bread and butter. My problem with, you know, calling stuff out, you know, obviously it causes some, you know, certain backlashes and problems because people start buying and selling and someone has to lose. You get me? Yeah. But with the bravo pie, in my opinion, and this is why I've stuck with the bravo pie coin. And I've mentioned it a few times on my Twitter. I think extreme, like on like a trench is level, it's extremely bullish, bro. You're talking, you know, it's a, it's a political party. There's a lot of, you know, outside involved.  I think the U.S. and the U.S. are ways, because by the way, we're talking at a very odd time for the world right now. We're talking 7 a.m. U.K. time. I think whenever we're in everything, we should probably, you know... I just don't want to be standing at him as a member of parliament and he's mother of saying, you're not a serious politician because you launched a meme coin. That's the reason I didn't want to push a brov coin so hard. But now Trump's done it. I feel like I can just say, yeah, f*** you. Who doesn't have a meme coin? You're behind the times, dummy. Exactly. Yeah, I mean, now it's like, it's usual, bro. Anyone could drop both. I don't know. Nelson Mandela could drop a fight. Yeah, he did. Anyone could drop a coin these days and no one gives a f***ing cheek. No one gives a f***ing cheek. No one gives a f***ing cheek. I'm gonna call you back in a bit. I'm gonna scroll up and down Twitter and see the madness has happened. I'll call you back. Wild. Never sleeping again. Never sleep. Guys, just stop sleeping. It's not worth it. Never sleep again.  Incredible. Let's see what's happened all over Twitter. President Donald Trump account on X hacked he launched a meme coin No, it wasn't hacked Mate in three. Let's take a second away from the insanity to try and solve this mate in three Right, so there's a nice check on The square that the queen is on so I'm thinking Queenie seven check Queenie seven if the king takes then we have night C6 check and then we have he goes back to E8 and then we have night F6 mate If Queenie seven he takes with the rook then we do it the other way around night F6 and then night C6 Put the right answer Queenie seven Queenie seven. Yeah Do I have a Chest scan tool here now, do you see it? Queenie's up  That was a nice one. Anyway, back to the D Gen, the Trump pump. Gentlemen, let's be professional here. I'm a person who never really misses being lucky because I'm a very lucky man, but I missed on this whole Trump pump thing. I missed on this whole coin. I missed on all of it. But I still feel very optimistic. I feel like there's an opportunity here somewhere. That's just how my mind works. Something's happened, which means more things will happen. So let's as professionals try and guess what's going to happen based on the back of this Trump pump. Present elect Trump officially launches Trump crypto coin on Salana is the price of Salana going to go up. Probably I need a white board. Where's the white board? Let's write down things that we think will probably happen based on the success of this Trump coin. And you can just understand how I'm going to plan for the future considering I'm.  I missed out on this. First things first, because if you haven't caught this pump either, you should be sitting at home mad because you missed out, right? But we can sit and we can cry about it, or we can try and take the best next move. What's the best next move we can make? The best next move is this. One, I think we could all agree that Trump is gonna embrace cryptocurrency for the United States. The strategic reserve, I would argue, the odds of it happening have substantially increased, because everyone was sitting around going, is he gonna get a Bitcoin reserve? Well, if he's launching a Salona coin, the day before he becomes president, before his inauguration, he's probably going to have a cryptocurrency reserve for the United States, and he's definitely gonna have Bitcoin inside of that strategic reserve. So the first thing I would argue is, Stratres, strategic reserve, the odds of that,  have monumentally increased, which means it's gonna be good for primarily the large layer ones, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Salana. This is all just a guess, but it's a pretty easy guess to come to. Two. Salana has been verified as a serious, not just chain, because there's always been a serious chain. But as I was saying to the daddy dev earlier, I have a strong feeling now, nearly everything's gonna become tokenized. And Trump doing it has legitimized things to the point where nearly everything can have a stock price. Daddy is the take stock price. As I get free and as I do more and more amazing things, the price of daddy will go up. If I'm stuck here on house arrest, there's a lull, there's a dip. So you can sit now as a crypto trader and sit and think, do I believe?  that Tate's gonna be free and do more amazing things in future than he is now. Yes, okay, then I can buy daddy. I have a stock directly linked to my name. Trump now has a stock directly linked to his name. And him validating someone like Trump coming along with a Salana meme coin means it's very hard for anybody to sh** on or say bad things about the idea of Salana meme coins. And now nearly everything's going to end up tokenized. There's going to be a stock attributed to nearly everything. It's going to be very interesting. Vote, brob was a super serious and still is a super serious political movement. I will become prime minister of the UK. I'm already working with my king councils getting the entire electoral party set up completed. I will become prime minister. People asked me, Andrew, you should have a vote, brob coin. I said, no, I don't want anything to be taken away from the political movement. But now, after this morning, I don't think that having an official vote, brob coin damages the vote, brob movement.  at all. So I think we can officially endorse a coin now as Trump has. So vote bruv will have a stock. And as that party gains momentum, as members of parliament are voted in, if I becomes PM, then the stock price will skyrocket. So now there's going to be a direct cost, a direct price affiliated to many things on the Salana chain or any other chain tokenization as a whole. How can we expect this to affect society overall? I think it's a very interesting idea where everything has a permanent tokenization. And some of them are going to be officially adopted. If they're not officially adopted, what you have is the situation I'm in. Every time I tweet anything, somebody makes a coin and runs with it. So it's sitting going, I don't want to be a shill. But if I don't make an official coin that doesn't get rubbed, other people make a coin using things I say that do get rubbed, which I guess is worse, perhaps. So you have to sit there and I'm  understand, do you want a bunch of people rugging people in your name or do you want to have a whole bunch of official coins attributed to your name? But then you have the stress and the obligation for those coins to be run correctly. And anybody who doesn't make money on those coins may be mad at you. I'm just talking out loud. If I start tweeting, fireblood. So when I say anything, somebody's rugging and stealing money in my name. Is it better that I have an official fireblood coin? If I have an official fireblood coin, that nobody can steal money based on my supplement anymore. Maybe we should do a poll. Let me do a poll on Twitter. So this is the difficult conundrum we find ourselves in. Whether you officially endorse a whole bunch of coins yourself or if you allow people to steal and rug in your name endlessly. And I feel like Trump doing what he's done.  perhaps is lending credence to the first point. So, Solana is gonna go up. The tokenization of everything. Everything's gonna become tokenized. So let's run through these again. Strategic reserve. The idea that Trump is gonna build a Bitcoin's national reserve for the United States is probably I would argue the odds have increased considering he launched a Solana meme coin, which is a much smaller chain than the Bitcoin chain, only a couple days before his inauguration. Second, this is massive for Solana. It's good for the chain as a whole. If you don't have Solana as a layer one, you probably should. Tokenization of everything. Everything's gonna be tokenized and have its official stock price. So I can see a future where every single time a celebrity does anything, the price of their coin goes up, every single time a political party is successful, the price of their coin goes up. This mass tokenization event's gonna happen. It's already happened, but it can be cheapened. It looks cheap for some people to have too many tokens to affiliate to them. However,  If you don't have your tokens officially endorsed, then people just rug in your name. That's what's super important for people to understand that people like me, I have a dog, because I'm a human, and my dog exists, and people will make coins based on my dog and steal from my fans all day long. The only way to really stop that is for me to have an official coin for my dog, so that people have an official dog coin, so they want to invest in my dog. I mean, he's a great dog, I wouldn't say he's a business genius, but he's a fantastic dog. There's an official dog coin. That's why I started it to prevent all the rugs. So the G coin exists, it's there. So with mass tokenization, there's a mass adoption, but in certain scenarios, like my one, actually puts you in a quite a difficult position, because you don't want to look like somebody who's just launching loads of coins all the time, but you're trying to protect your fan base. So how can we benefit from these things? I'm gonna scroll up and down Twitter again. And Google Analytics,  I'm also gonna take a piss. I've literally just woken up guys. I woke up to all this madness and said fire up an emergency meeting. So I'm gonna take a piss. I'm gonna scroll Twitter up and down and I'm gonna see what the trenches are saying. Because right now there's gotta be a huge liquidity vacuum or vortex. Everything has to be every single piece of salana that exists inside of anyone's wallet has to be flooding into this Trump coin. You only land a lucky punch on your opponent if you're in the right position in the first place. If you're not in the ring, you're not gonna land a lucky punch. So for you to get lucky, based on what just happened, well one, you had to be awake, which I failed at. Two, you need to have salana loaded that you're prepared to risk and lose. But even now in this current scenario, how do we get lucky based on what we know considering that time march is on and the pump has initially happened? Well based on these three things, right? The strategic reserve. Do you have capital to deploy?  into Bitcoin, Solano or Ethereum today, knowing that there's a very strong chance, Trump in the coming week may ratify into law, a strategic reserve for the United States of America, which will double or triple their prices near instantly. If you don't have money for that, I don't know what you've been doing with your life because everyone has talked about this for months. I've talked about the importance of getting cryptocurrency and getting money for years. We talked about Trump, perhaps, causing and starting a strategic reserve. And now that's becoming more likely than ever before. If you're sitting around, still not prepared for this opportunity that I don't know what to say to you. I may have missed the pump on this Trump coin, but that doesn't matter to me. I'm looking at the positives here. 0.1 massively benefits me because I have over 1,000 Bitcoin. So people may have caught this pump on this Solano coin. That's fine. For me, I'm more excited about the ID.  of a strategic reserve for Bitcoin. That's more exciting to me, because that's what I have more of. Salana, I have 30, 40, 50,000 Salana sitting somewhere. Once again, that's good for me. That's the Salana chain has been validated and tokenization of celebrities is also good for me. It's good for daddy, it's good for all the students inside of the real world. It also means the bruv party can now have an official coin. So I'm gonna ratify and endorse a bruv coin and I'm gonna put on the bruv Twitter, because now Trump's done it, I can do it. So even though I missed the initial pump, all of these things are good for me. You should be taking advantage of these opportunities. You guys have to think this way. You missed the coin, you missed the pump, fine. What does this mean? How can I make money in the secondary and on the third levels? Now this is what we teach inside of the real world. How to react quickly. First you wanna try and...  catch things, but if you miss them, there has to be a secondary and third opportunity. So, gentlemen, you can't get lucky unless you're in a position to get lucky. I've been telling you, I think it was a hundred thousand watch party. When I was screaming at you saying the fact that Bitcoin is a hundred thousand and you don't have any is criminal. You should be furious that you don't have any Bitcoin. Now you should be furious that the strategic reserve is coming and you don't have any. That Salada is going to go to 500 of coin and you don't have any. That everything is going to be tokenized. If you're inside of the real world, you know more about me than most people do, which will allow you to swing trade or invest heavily in something like that. And extremely easily the mass tokenization of important movements, people and things. I see coming in 2025 and 2026. Check this. What this Trump coin has done.  Look at this, what this Trump coin has done is usher in the mass tokenization of society, every single celebrity, and I mean real celebrity, and there's only 10 on the planet. Most celebrities aren't celebrities. Being a singer and releasing a song on Spotify or releasing a good song on Spotify. It doesn't matter. It doesn't make you a celebrity because nobody likes you for you. You having a song doesn't make you like, well, nobody cares. Real celebrities are Elon, Trump, me, and about three or four other people who are celebrities on their own back just because of who they are. There's very few of us, but true celebrities are going to be heavily tokenized. That's the first thing that's going to happen. Second thing that's going to happen is political movements are going to be tokenized. Or anything which manages to capture attention globally is going to end up tokenized. Now this mass tokenization is going to leave huge opportunity.  to profit if you can get inside information, advanced information or get proximity to tokenized assets. This is something very important to keep in mind. So let's say I was going to find members of parliament for the broke party. And let's say I messaged the war room and told the war room, I need members of parliament. Here's how many places that we're going to run for political office. Here's our constituencies. Here's how we expect to do. If the broke party had a coin, you would have inside information that would allow you to profit off the tokenization, the mass tokenization of things. And now it's been legitimized by Trump. So I think the broke party will now need a coin. There wasn't going to be one. Now there's going to be one. And I'm going to make sure that gets fixed today. But more importantly, is this strategic reserve? How can you benefit?  the fact that the United States of America is very likely to adopt Bitcoin into a strategic reserve. How can you benefit from that if you don't have any money? This is a thought experiment. I don't want to give you a hyperbolic hypothetical scenario. I want us to be professionals here. How can you benefit based on point one if you don't have any money? Now, you should have money because you should have been preparing for this and I've been talking about it for years. I have been talking about the price of Bitcoin for years. I've been talking about how important it is to get rich for years. I've been trying to get you to join the real world for years. I've been telling you, I've been telling you that you're going to run out of chances for years, that the gate's going to close, that it's yawts and have-nots, get rich now or never get rich, retire your bloodline. I've been talking about this for years.  But let's assume you're an idiot and you've ignored everything I've said up until this point like a dog Well now let's do a thought experiment. How can you benefit? From the large potential there's going to be a strat res without having any money We're gonna scroll up and down Twitter. I'm gonna talk about exactly that. Oh my god coffee's ill as such a loser you can't have a brand just hating on people all the time. I know he loves attention But if your brand is just I'm a professional hater bro get a life Imagine trying to insult the president of America. Oh my god. He has coin. He's the president. You're a f***ing YouTuber and You're not even a very famous one You're just a professional hater who's five foot six like bro chill out tokenizations here Salana coins are here you constantly crying about it I know it gets you the only way you can get views because no one watches you for anything else But if you actually imagine how pathetic that is Everyday waking up funny  someone to just moan at. He used to do good exposés. He used to. And he always makes fun going people you used to respect me before I did you. No, he used to actually find like scammers. Now anyone who makes money is a scammer. Anyone in his world. He has to do the voice. He's a boy named Scoffy's name. Scoffy's a long game. Anyone who does well with their life. He has a problem with. Can I get a hate on Trump from the most successful meme coin launch in history? 80% is owned by one wallet. Yeah, probably Trump dummy. Who the fuck else do you think is gonna own 80% look what you think he launched it for? You didn't go to own any of it. Let's try his fucking Trump. It's always some total pussy. Of course 80% owned by Trump. I bought Greenland with a meme coin. We do live in a simulation. 13 billion market cap. I'm excited for Bitcoin now. I want Bitcoin a half a million. Bitcoin a half million.  rich finally finally come by myself a Bugatti Bugatti finally maybe I can buy myself 72 super cars maybe I can escape house arrest it Bitcoin goes to 500 thousand maybe I can find my way out this tall guys me asking a question and I'd be in deadly serious one in the chat if I should just call for Mania for the kangaroo courts and just run away just you know come a gangster they couldn't they can't stop me one in the chat if I should just vanish and cause a huge international incident become a fugitive and two in the chat if I should stay here and beat the case and prove I'm innocent you know I'm in it for the laws I'm that guy if it's funny I'll probably do it you know life on the run top G top fugitive but I wanted to prove I'm innocent you know get rid of all the mainstream media shit but this is taken for ever it's been years I'm bored you know it's taken so long  I'll think about it. Imagine I go on the run, thought experiment. How would that affect tokenization? Would there be a tape's running coin? Would daddy blow? You know, there's opportunities here. I'm super excited for the strategic reserve. This is very, very, very important. Gentlemen, very important. How do we make money? How do we capitalize on these things without money? Well, now it becomes a lot harder to do. And I'm concerned to feel like anyone who's not currently understanding that money must be made is born to lose. Like, I don't know what else to say to you. Because the gap is widening. I was having a conversation with someone the other day about the fact it's nearly impossible to run a normal little shop in a normal little store on a high street anymore. Starting companies is getting harder and harder. There's gonna be fewer and fewer companies, monopolies, which are gonna own everything. And the average person is gonna struggle inside of a job for one of these monopolies. You're not gonna be a...  allowed to have your own business for much longer. All of it is going to become an uplifting the next 20 to 30 years. Coupling in AI, all the garkey, coupling in the mass tokenization event, money is going to allow you to make money better than ever before. Tokenization is simply a scenario in which the rich can get richer better. A lot of you at home, even if you knew about the Trump coin in advance, even if you knew something I did not know, even if you had advanced knowledge, you didn't have the capital to profit from it. So what's the point in information without money? And then if you have money without information, you're guessing. So what's the point in the money without the information? Both of these things go hand in hand, which is why the real world's so powerful, not only because we teach you how to make money, but also because of the network and the community that has provided. These things go together, they amplify one another.  So when I was talking about how we can benefit from these things, Stratres, primarily you need to invest in those assets. That's what I would argue. If you don't have any money, then maybe you can go down a rabbit hole of how the strategic reserve will affect the dollar and how it will affect other assets. Maybe you can benefit on the increase or the decrease in the general prices of other assets. If Bitcoin becomes Stratres, I would argue that that's actually in some ways going to hurt property prices because a lot of property pricing is for investment. Why would you invest in property and go through all that headache when you can invest in Bitcoin and you know Bitcoin's going to exist forever? That may damage property pricing. It may increase the strength of the dollar. These are things you can consider with the Stratres. Solana being a chain which is now globally renowned and there's no longer any stigma to be on. The trend is being ratified.  For you to profit from that without buying Salana is a more difficult one. The mass tokenization event is all about information, knowing it in advance. But we're in a super interesting time. I'm thinking how if I had no money at all and I was at home, I would be so frustrated because there's so much opportunity here. Even I haven't fully worked out exactly what the opportunities are. I just know that I'll be in a better position to take advantage of them if I have money. Now is get money time. It's been get money time for a very long time. But some of you only learn the hardest possible way. You need to have money you can risk now to try and escape. What else is going to happen? Let's tie to these tokenizations. We have...  Personality and politics because Trump is a personality and he's politics right so we have personality and politics This puts me in a good position because we have daddy for the personality and we have bruv for the politics daddy daddy and bruv so that puts me in a very good position Salana I have a bunch of I'm in a good position Stratres I'm prepared for I'm in a good position. I've been for a very long time for What else we can analyze Well, we need to see how the media reacts because we're watching Twitter and we're going to scroll up and down Twitter again in a second But how is the media Gonna react  to this positively or negatively. I'm guessing negative because it's Trump. How is the media gonna react when the coin inevitably slows down or goes down? Is there gonna be some kind of serious backlash? Again, this is important guys. It's important that you analyze this because you have to keep this in mind. If the media gives him a hard time, if every single time he doesn't interview he's being hammered, if the MSM constantly prints bad things about him, if there is a whole bunch of negative stigma which is attached to him for this coin and its performance in the future, does that make it more likely or less likely that somebody's gonna have a coin at his stature? So how the media plays out actually is gonna be an interesting tell on how quickly the mass tokenization of life comes into place. I do believe tokenization is the future. I actually literally see economies being...  each country being tokenized to the point where you can simply invest in our country's economy or based you could invest in a country's performance based on its token and this is going to be the global race for wealth GDP will be tokenized to the point where if you believe America is the best country in the world that offers the best standard of life you'll buy the America token which will incentivize governments to finally perform for their constituents which they don't currently do because if you could buy any token in the world today based on a government you might buy Dubai or Switzerland or Japan I don't think that many people would have bought America before Trump now Trump's in the Trump token the America token would have skyrocketed so perhaps future GDP's of countries are going to be tokenized within our lifetime it's very interesting where this can go when this emergency meeting is over I'm going to be spending a whole bunch of time I'm gonna get with my team inside the war room  And I'm going to talk about tokenization of events and how this can affect everything, what I see coming, and perhaps what we can do ourselves to benefit. It's very interesting scenarios, a very interesting mindset. One of our LMRs is going to perform as a stock if the Strat Res' confirmed. Surely that's going to blow to the moon as well. There's so much opportunity here. So the future is here. Trump launching this coin just cemented that the future is here. Tokenization, mass tokenization of all assets is coming. Salana is here, crypto is here. You can no longer ignore these things. You can no longer pretend it's not the future. You cannot hard cope into saying, well, I don't have any Bitcoin, but Bitcoin is not the future. Yes, it.  It is. It's now done. The line has been drawn. You can adapt or you can permanently lose. The poor people are going to be the people who were previously rich, but did not adapt. If you have a $1 million house and no crypto and you're not interested in crypto and you're sitting around with your house and your wife and you're not paying attention, you will soon become broke. Because as things adapt, as things change, the value of your house will decrease and by the time you finally get your act together, the opportunity costs that you're going to be forced to pay for your ignorance and your delays is monumental. It will largely shadow any wealth you've managed to acquire thus far. So the future is here. You must adapt. You must prepare for it. I've been saying this for a very long time. I'm actually quite happy that I perfectly positioned myself.  Am I human must I sleep? Unfortunately. So I missed the Trump coin. However, am I prepared for a strategic reserve? Yes, am I prepared for Salana to blow up? Yes, am I prepared for the mass tokenization of events? Yes, let's talk about each one. How am I prepared for the strategic reserve? Thousands of Ethereum, thousands of Bitcoin, thousands of Salana. I knew this was coming. I bet on it coming. I was prepared for it. How am I prepared for the Salana chain to be validated? I have a whole bunch of Salana. How am I prepared for the tokenization of life? One, I have a good network inside of the rear warden, inside the war room. I'm paying attention to these things. Two, I have money that allows me to invest inside of people or projects that I believe are going to blow up in the future so I can make money off the tokenization. Three, I have my own personal coin daddy, my own personal stock, and I'm going to have my own stock for my political party. So I'm prepared for all of these  four media. I'm going to be closely monitoring the media, but more importantly, I am the media, so I can easily affect how the media views the mass tokenization of the world. I'm prepared and I have adapted for the future. I've been telling you all to do these things for a very long time. If you're sitting at home now with no money, you should be very, very frustrated. I actually feel like today was one of the very important days because I don't think it's going to be a single day. It's going to be a cascade of days where the halvnotes and the havey-ots, the line will be drawn. There will be a time, something will happen. Maybe it's to strat reserve, maybe it's something else, but something is going to happen where one day Bitcoin's going to become completely unaffordable to you. The idea of being a whole-cointer is going to disappear. The idea of being a whole-cointer is going to disappear forever.  Very shortly, 100 grand, you can probably pull that together. Two million, three million of coin, you can't. So it's very important you understand that today, Trump's adoption of his own personal coin, tied in with these four things, is one of the important days in history where the line was drawn between the rich and the poor's. You don't want to be on the poor side. The rich and the poor's are going to be perma etched into stone. I've been saying this for a very long time, that soon the gap will become so large you do not stand a chance at mobilizing socially to the point where you can save your bloodline. I've been telling you to make money and prepare yourself for years, so I don't want to repeat myself. But today was one of those important days. I have a feeling we will look back on this day.  one of the days, which was massive for crypto and also massive for the monumental wealth divide, which is 100% sure to be bestowed upon the entire earth's population shortly. All right, I want to see what Twitter is saying because I'm looking for information, guys. I'm looking for feedback. I'm looking for things I can use to benefit my life. I'm not looking for gossip. I'm not looking for chit chat. I'm looking for information that we can tear apart and say this. It's kind of like you're digging for gold and there's rocks and we're smashing rocks looking for the little specs of gold. Everyone else is on Twitter just trying to get FOMO or be entertained or waste time. Not us. We're looking for little pieces of information that we can piece together that will allow us to build to put together that gold watch. So that's what I'm looking for here. Interesting perspective. This is Mike Benz. Someone I respect very much.  who has done amazing work when it comes to exposing the matrix. Let's see what he says here. This is interesting. This ties into point four about media. Is this really necessary right now? What are we doing here? In what world does this work out well? And do we really need a money grab when we just won the election? Are about to take office and no need to fund the campaign? Are we building a wall with the proceeds? Good question. He's saying, why does the Trump family need money now? What is this for? What is the point of it? Is it to personally enrich the Trump dynasty? You could argue that the point of it was to kick off his crypto, his massive crypto presidency, his crypto, the four years of crypto adoption for the United States. You could argue that.  However, that shows that there is going to be some negative media attention around that that guy is very pro-Trump and very well respected in Republican circles. If you bought the Trump meme coin three hours ago, you've outperformed the S&P since 1980. Unfortunately, I did not. No, man, robots are going to be so scary when they come to get us all. Trump meme coin breaks records, rivals doge, and just two hours. In a few hours, Trump skyrocketed 4,000, and in a fourth percent, 9 billion market cap, overtaking doge. Massive buys are pouring in. Equalities at 300,000,000,000. Okay, so here's another point, perhaps, because like I said, I'm looking for information we can use. Anything Trump affiliated is likely to do well in the crypto space. Trump has proven his, I mean, we all knew it, but he's proven himself as a cultural force, and he's proven himself to have the ability to massively move markets. So...  So let's quickly, as professionals, let's see what other projects Trump's involved in. In fact, we can even ask AI. Let's be professionals. Most of you are probably not thinking this way. What else is Trump going to do with crypto? What crypto projects is Trump involved with? Nice and easy. What we got? Donald Trump has been associated with a cryptocurrency project called World Liberty Financial, WLF. This project announced that Trump, his son's business associates aimed to be a decentralized finance defi platform, WLF. Investor limitations? Let me show you how easy it is to make money. Guys, you can clip this and play it back in front of you. In the future.  We'll live at you financial.com, CWLFI token. A little side of the US. You've got a certain number of tokens here. Boom. So now I'm gonna invest a hundred grand in this. I'm gonna throw a hundred grand at WLF. I didn't know it at WLFI token. I've done basically no research. You've just seen my research. However, I believe Trump has proved himself as a cultural force. Him and his business partners are involved with this, the DeFi platform. If he launches a strategic reserve, which I think he's gonna do, if he launches the strategic reserve, which I believe he's going to do, he is not gonna allow his own project to not be heavily involved. His W is world-libelty financial DeFi project. So for that reason, I'm throwing a hundred grand at this. That's my logic, guys. That's it. In the future, if you see me catch a fat pump if this blows up and my hundred grand becomes a million, you're gonna say, oh, I'll take no luck. It's not lucky. We've just sat here and analyzed.  We've analyzed everything. The Strat Res, the tokenization of everything, if things become tokenized, they're gonna need DeFi platforms. I've been talking about DeFi from way before Husses University, I was talking about DeFi. Anyone who's been following me for a very long time. So I know all about DeFi. Trump proved his power. This is something he's involved in. Anybody who types his name and crypto into GROC or chat GPT will be given this exact webpage. Worth a pun. So I'm gonna throw some money at it. Because Trump, what else is Trump involved in? Crypto wise. We're gonna make all the money that we would have lost back. This is how you have to be thinking. You can't throw 100 grand at that. You haven't been hustling inside of Husses University to have 100 grand sitting around. So now let's be professionals. Unless ask ourselves, who else can do this besides Trump? Everyone who's joining the real world who can see on the left, you're making a very smart decision.  Who else can do this besides Trump? Elon's the only one, isn't he? That comes to head. Is there anyone else with this kind of power? It's me, Elon and Trump. Who else is even famous nowadays? Nobody gives a sh** about anyone else today. Everyone else is a f**king nobody. Okay. So it's me, Elon and Trump, the most famous men in the world. Fine. What institution or what party or like what can do this, that's not a person. What's famous? What's something everybody knows? You know? Hmm. NFTs are bullsh**. The thing is, okay, let's analyze. Why does everybody even get inside of a meme coin to try and make money? Everyone's trying to make money. So it has to be a speculative event. People have to believe that it's going to go up from the point they buy.  What's gonna be big in future that's not big now? That's why daddy is such an easy buy because I will be free soon and everybody knows that I'm gonna travel the entire world and own the planet. That's why people understand daddy is such a fantastic investment because something seismic, something large has happened. We can't, as people just let something this big happen and not think about it for a while. It deserves one day of our thought. So we're gonna think about the Trump coin. I'm gonna keep an eye on the Trump coin. I'm gonna see what Trump has to say. I'm gonna watch Twitter all day. I'm gonna talk inside the war room. I'm gonna talk outside the real world. I have capital to allocate. And I'm gonna try and find a gap or an opportunity. And then I'm gonna make it clear to the war room in the real world first. And then perhaps after that, I can broadcast it to all of you at home. I think it's so interesting.  Trump had a whole bunch of coins made in his name before. Obviously they weren't officially endorsed. But people have been farming Trump as a name forever. I don't know who this guy is because I don't know football. Pepe Guardiola. Guardiola, I don't know. Has finalized his divorce. Reports say he lost his biggest mansion in Manchester and half of his wealth, with most of his properties going to his wife and children. His wife claimed he was too focused on football. Of course he was. That's why he's famous and rich. How do men stop this daylight robbery? Don't get f***ing married. Hello. All these tradcon conservative dorks who hate me who say, why is Andrew so famous and why is Andrew so followed? And he should, he should be going to the church. They haven't worked out the reason I'm so famous is so followed is because I actually offer real solutions instead of living in some f***ing happy fantasy. These women will rob you f***ing blind. They don't care about you. And if you dedicate your life to something like football to become successful, they will then steal all the trappings of your success complaining that you're too dumb.  If he wasn't too dedicated to football, there would be no house to steal in the first place So it's absolutely incredible that all these people are out here trying to be confused as to why I'm the most famous man The world nobody gives a shit about them because I say it how it really is there is basically no advantage to marrying females in the modern world. There's no point. There used to be tax breaks There used to be a societal pressure all of that's gone. You can hate me You can say I'm bad for society. You can say all these things. That's fine But if you're a rich man in the world today and you're out there falling in love like a child like a simp Thinking oh, I love her so much and marrying these women you're out your mind You can love her without marrying her you can have kids without marrying her and you could take care of her without marrying her There is no reason why you need to sign up to being destroyed. Hate me if you like it's the truth And nobody gets married is a idealistic simp. It's actually extremely juvenile For you as a full grown man  to go, I love you so much. It's gay. You can be gay when you marry a female. Yes, it is gay. It's like a 15 year old love. When you're 14 or 15, you think she's all that special. You're a full grown man. You should have been around the block. They're like a female alive you can trust when the knives come out. How do men stop this daylight robbery? He shouldn't have f**king married her. Lesson learned. Guess how many f**ks have taken half my money? None. Never. But I really want to marry you. Of course you do. On the top f**king G. Now shut up. Busy trying to work out how to make money from Trump and crypto. I'm not listening. I was about to piss, but the litter is exactly the female mind. I'll get up at f**king six in the morning to do an emergency meeting to talk about Trump and crypto. Then they'll complain. All you do is work. That's the reason we live in this big f**king house. Yeah, but you work too much. I want half the money and to leave. Why? So you can get around with some lazy motherf**king and spend my money and you can just lay in bed all day and get a new sh**. Cause you spend my money.  Where's Trump's token gonna be in 24 hours from now? Up or down. Here you go, perfect. Men are in love, women are in business. Bingo. Andrick with his wife. Like, yeah, look at me, main character. How long till she steals half his money, too? You motherf**k better grow up and get rid of this idealistic, simple love bull. And don't let these conservative losers tell you, get married, man! They are predators. Be afraid. They will take everything penny you've got. And they'll believe they have the right to it. You won't be able to convince them not to, because they'll believe it's theirs. It's their money in their mind. Because they had to suffer the terrible injustice of being with you while you made it and spent it on them all the poor things. Stay sharp, gentlemen. I'm the only mother who will tell you this. All the people who hate me won't tell you this. That's why they hate me. They hate me because they're at home with a wife who henpeks them all day, picks on them all day, and they're enraged and turned...  but they're scared to tell their wife about that because she'll leave him and take all his shit. So instead they pick on the one man who tells the truth about women. That's why they dislike me because they're scared of their f**king wives. That's why they don't like me. The reason they'll say, Adria Tates a Bad Guy is really because they know I get to live free and do what I want and live with my friends and I have endless children from endless beauty queens and they're sitting at home scared of one woman who yells at them who's fat, who doesn't even do as they say. And they're mad at her, they're not mad at me, they're mad at their f**king woman. That's the truth. That's why I'm the daddy. How many women say to me, Let's get married but I really love you. I'm a sh**. I ain't dumb. I am not dumb. I'm not f**king fallen for your crap. But that I get in four years of my youth to the right industry. They're all coming to us now. He's right. What did I say about the mass tokenization? He's right. Crypto's here. The future's here. You guys better learn the future. You better learn to see the future. You can learn that inside of the real world. We'll teach you exactly how to do it. For $49 if you're too f**king stupid. For $49 to learn the f**king...  and prepare yourself for opportunities so you can land a lucky punch. Then your adomberer turns 50,000 into a million on Trump coin in under two hours. But the key is he had 50,000. You can't do that because you don't have 50,000. The SSL certificate was issued on December 21st. So this has been the works for some time. Look at this guy. This is what I mean about these people. They're so idealistic. I don't know this guy is Mr. Banks. The solution, the solution's wife and her. What happens when she leaves him? How is this the solution? Are you stupid? I just talked about how do we stop this daylight robbery took his properties to his wife and children. Then this time goes the solutions to get a wife and children. She will rinse Ronaldo to the fucking ground. She will take Ronaldo for every penny. She worked in a store when he met her. He's taking her, made her somebody, giving her these kids.  She'll fucking wreck him. And this dummy, Mr. fucking banks because he can't control his dick. It's so in love with the idea of, oh, I just wanna worry for this, I wanna love my wife. Guys, I'm telling you, from experience, none of you have bad as many women as me. Ever, and the rest of you have a thousand. Good ones, bad ones, rich ones, poor ones. I trust me. You do not wanna tie your net worth. You wouldn't tie your net worth to your best friend as a man. And he's got logic, he's not emotional like a female is. You are a fucking idiot. If you think this is a solution to anything, an idiot, and this guy's a fucking idiot. Unbelievable. How stupid people are. Another thing that's interesting, this last thing I want us to consider, guys. If everybody is over this coin in 24 to 4 a hours, which I feel like they might be, this is also testament to how fast the world is moving. Trump does something monumental.  Something that's never been done before something that shifts the goal posts something that draws a line in the sand which will never be forgiven between the rich and the pores and within a few months It's never going to be discussed ever again within a few days. It's hard to be discussed at all The world is speeding up if something massive Cataclysmic happened a few years ago. It was news for a very long time The longest and I don't want to be arrogant. Why do I feel like the longest piece of news we've ever had was my arrest? Wasn't that months and months of them talking about it? I Think my arrest was like the longest news cycle Outside of my arrest nothing lasts more than a day nobody gives a shit my arrest was weeks That's how fast the world is moving. We're gonna identify an opportunity We're gonna try and be ahead of the next one I'm ahead of a lot of these things when I analyze the chess board. I'm in a pretty good position and I hope you guys understand a little bit about how I think and how  You need to think about these things and how the world is changing. Yeah, I'm thinking about that. World is changing every time. Every single time. Every single second.