 Hello friends, welcome to End of Tales another video. On today's emergency meeting we're going to be discussing a very serious topic and because of a very serious topic I'm going to start with a very serious disclaimer at the very beginning. I don't condone rapists. In fact, as a father of daughters, I hate rapists. I cannot imagine how terrifying it is to be raped. I think any man who commits rape deserves every punishment that the Lord sends his way from his jail sentence to exactly how they're dealt with in various prisons around the world. I think it's fully deserved. Now, because rape is wrong and I don't condone rape, that also doesn't mean that people do not use laws for their advantage to financially benefit themselves. I also, and I think you'd agree with me, Andrew, do not condone breaking into somebody's house and trying to steal their stuff or stealing somebody's car. This is illegal and those people deserve punishment. But people do lie about having their stuff stolen and who stole...  their car and house break ins. Why do they do that? Is insurance fraud? Are they trying to make some money? They're trying to make some money. Interesting. You raised a very important point there because midwits or people who are ideologically opposed to an individual will fail to decipher the difference between understanding a fair trial, understanding the truth about innocence and guilt and condoning the act of rape itself.  We are against rape like every sensible human is. I have daughters, my brother has daughters. Of course we are against rape That does not mean that people are infallible and perfect and that they are not weaponizing laws for their own advantage In the case of rape like they are with basically every other law and every other possible crime You can accuse people of or report to judicial authorities You would have to be a fool to then confuse in your mind the heinous connotations of rape with the fact that people who accuse or are accused of rape are always 100% guilty Please understand this. This is a cognitive dissonance between saying I hate rape rape is bad That means anyone accused of rape is bad. No We all hate rape rape is bad people who commit rape are bad Not people who are falsely accused of rape or are going through a  initial process for the idea of rape is innocent until proven guilty. And people always get this confused because rape is such a heinous crime. It's actually interesting when you get later into this podcast about the motivations that happen to people, the motivations behind these fake rape claims and how when you get large enough and you speak against the system, the reason they use rape or sexual crimes to attack you with is because people are stupid and the average midway out there will instantly demonize you simply for the accusation. If you're accused of tax fraud or car theft, nobody cares. But if you're accused of rape, you are instantly tarred. You are permanently tarred irregardless of the outcome of the court case, which is the reason they use these crimes. The other reason they use these crimes is that they're subjective and extremely hard to prove or disprove. Every man watching this currently who has had sex can be tried for rape. Your name can be dragged.  through the mud, you can be destroyed in the MSM, you can go to trial. Every single one of you can have consent removed post event up to 10, 20 years later and your life will be destroyed by the accusation alone because most people confuse their dislike and their genuine hatred for the idea of rape with somebody's innocence and the accusation itself. They're very different things. So we're going to dive into this con of a Greger thing because you know what? I don't want to be too controversial on this podcast. I want to say things that are true. We want to be serious. We want to be serious, but I have to point out something. And I think this is going to prove itself pertinent across this conversation. And please correct me of our wrong trust in. Have you ever seen a genuinely beautiful woman accuse a man of rape in these fake rape claims? Well, who is that stunner who accused Donald Trump? She was a nine. Don't you think? And this is an  intelligent conversation for people to have without getting offended. The fact that if you were to assume a woman were to falsy accuse a man of rape, her primary objectives would be financial and attention to damage demands character because he did not give her the attention she believes she wanted. She had sex with a man. She was unhappy with what happened or what transpired after the sex. They wanted money and a relationship from this man. They're narcissistic. They believe they deserve it because of mainstream media sex in the city and the culture. When they can't get it, they become vengeful. Now isn't it logical to then conclude that beautiful women often get attention from the man after sex so they don't make this claim? It seems most of the women who make these fake rape claims are not even physically attractive, which in itself, don't be offended. I'm being deadly serious. Women itself is actually proof. Proof for the fact that they're vengeful for how...  relationship progressed, post sex, and that's why they've removed consent after the act, which is insane, by the way. And beautiful women don't have to do that because they don't end up in that position. The fact that beautiful women are not making these claims shows that these claims are actually falsified. Yes. And you have to understand the justice system works differently at different levels. England is very famous for its two-tier policing, but the world is two-tier. And I'll tell you why the world is two-tier. Because rich men are not just targets of women who want money. Rich men can also be the targets of governments who want money, prosecutors who want money. People, other people involved in the case who want money, fame, and recognition. I feel like if you were a normal man, Joe Schmo. And a woman came along and said, Joe Schmo raped me six years ago at his house. What proof is there? None. Text messages? None. Did you go to a doctor? No. So what proof is there? Just your statement? Yes. Just throw this away. Now, all the-  evidence in my case, as you know, I'm going to cover this at the end of the emergency mean has been thrown out thrown back to decot because it was garbage. But when somebody comes to a prosecutor and says, this rich, important man committed a crime against me, I'm willing to make a statement. People get false to falsie accused twice. I have been falsie accused by two individuals, two who will hopefully soon one day find themselves in jail for falsie accusing me. They will certainly find themselves financially bankrupt forever for false accusing me. But when they handed over their statements to the corrupt prosecutor here in Romania, I was falsie accused by two people. One, this professional victim who made a press story and two, the Romanian prosecutor himself who wrote the indictment. When I say I am falsie accused by a prosecutor, he again, like this woman, has money to gain, fear prospects to gain, fame to gain, everything to  gain and if I was interested in taking, he never would have taken this person seriously. So when they say, but there are more victims than just these two, no victim has come forward and said that I'm a victim of to end or to some tape. A prosecutor has said this woman who has your child is also your victim because I say so you get falsely accused on two levels. So if you're a nobody, you have a much better chance at having this dismissed at the initial accusation, but if you are a somebody like Matt Gates, like Andrew Tate, like Conomer Greger, like Russell Brand, like all of these somebody's who keep getting hit with these accusations, it carries weight because the people who are meant to protect the innocent, the police force and the prosecutors are more than happy to jump on the bandwagon along with these false accusers and ride the wave of yourself destruction to career prospects and financial benefits. Yeah, if you are a large, important person,  on this planet, you are a target. You're a target for gangs who want to kidnap your children and extort you, you are a target for prosecutors in government, you're a target for women who want to try and catch a payday, you're a target for everybody. The same is if you wear a Rolex and London, you're a target. The fact that this keeps happening to rich successful men shows a lot that they are targets, they are targets for everybody. If you walk around with the security team, you're trying to protect yourself from men. That's the case. The problem we have now with these fake rape cases is, as a man, it's becoming literally impossible to protect yourself from them. If you put yourself in a situation or you build a society where women can remove consent post event, they can retrospectively remove consent from an event. You are now held hostage to her whims. You meet a woman, you have sex with her, we're all adults. That's what happens. Every successful man has sex with women. However, you are now held hostage to her whims. If you...  you do not buy her the handbag that she wants you to buy her. She can retrospectively remove consent from that event and you have now become a criminal. Meaning it is impossible to ever give consent at all. You see all these liberals and these people who are against those who are accusing, well they should get consent. As a man, you can get consent. In fact, in 99% of these fake rate cases, the man had consent. It was simply taken away afterwards. If I say to you, you can borrow my car and you begin to drive it and halfway through driving it. No, not even halfway through. You can borrow my car. You borrow the car. You return the car. I smile and give you a hug and say thanks for returning my car. And then six years later said that I never said you could borrow it and you stole it. How can you possibly protect yourself from that scenario? How could you ever borrow a car safely again? We've entered a world now where in the Western hemisphere, no man can have sexual relations with a female without being permanently.  blackmailed forever. And that is extremely scary. Guys, we don't know the absolute ins and outs of Connors case. We are two individuals who pride ourselves on using common sense and logic. And we've done that to decipher the matrix, break the matrix, and teach all of you about the realities of the world for a very long time. We're going to go through the evidence which already exists on the internet today. We're going to go through it. And we're going to use logic to try and decide whether we think Connomer Greger is genuinely guilty of raping this individual or not. I also made the point I made earlier about beautiful women because I've yet to see this person. And I want to see a picture of her. Bro. Is it what I think it is? Yeah. Of course it is. Six, five. Beautiful women don't make these claims because beautiful women get the handbag afterwards, showing that the claims were fake to begin with. So we're going to do a breakdown of it. We're going to go through it. We're going to give our honest opinions on it. And you also have to understand, guys, one more thing. What did I say earlier about why the matrix uses these types of claims?  against people. It is no coincidence to me that Conomer Greger started talking politically. He started talking about getting into government in Ireland. Stopping migration. Stopping migration. We endorsed him ourselves as Irishmen. As soon as he began to speak about politics, this appears. The mainstream media's primary objective is a propaganda arm for the governmental institutions. Mainstream media is not impartial. It is funded by the government. It only exists for the government. So if the government wants to slander somebody, what they have to do is come up with a fake rape case, put them through a court case, and the MSM will repeat over and over that this person is a rapist. Because then they can convince a large enough subset of the populace to buy the garbage, irregardless of the evidence, irregardless of the outcome of the case itself. All that matters is that the mainstream media report on repeat, the ex person is on trial for rape. That is what they are most interested in doing. So we're going to begin.  here I've got a whole bunch of stuff it's all just been dragged from the internet we're gonna go through it all and we're gonna see how we believe or what we believe is actually going on here so here's the first video this is McGregor as I believe leaving court. Mr. McGregor you are rapist what do you think? Do you have any reaction or apology to the women at the center of this? Do you have a reaction? Do you have an apology to the women at the center of that? No please please no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. You don't find me? No. What do you have to say about your son? McGregor you're a rapist, you're a rapist. You know these NSM scumbags are truly the worst people on the planet. Many of those probably worked for the BBC in that video ironically because they did the same thing to us. These are some of the worst people on the planet. To be a journalist you have to have no integrity at all left because you are a propaganda arm for the matrix. You have to repeat what you are told. You have to repeat what your  supposed to repeat. You're not allowed to think objectively or think for yourself ever. You have to repeat. You are a parrot. You are a tool. And the fact that that question was asked or said was deliberately planned specifically to hide, to hammer home to anyone watching that Conomer Greger is now a rapist forever. Now if I'm correct, Conomer Greger, in this case, the prosecution service didn't go ahead with charges because it was insufficient evidence. This was a civil case, which is the most important thing to reiterate. The police and courts in a criminal court did not find Conomer Greger guilty of rape. After this in a civil court, she bought a lawsuit for money against Conomer Greger. And she was awarded a court of a million euros in money. And I believe Conomer Greger was found liable for assault of some kind, not of rape itself. So that in love itself smells kind of fishy. I don't know what's fishy is that the...  I'm a Sam call him a rapist when he wasn't even found guilty of rape. Yes. No, he has no criminal record for rape. He has no criminal record. And they're waving microphones in his face saying, you are a rapist. He has no criminal record for rape. I hope he brings these people to court and gets the idea. So here's an overview of the cases I understand it. The case was thrown out as a criminal case by the director of public prosecutions due to insufficient evidence twice. Despite the media headlines, Nikita Hand did not win a rape case against Conor McGregor. That was an accusation. The judges' instruction and the modest award given was for assault, not for aggravated or exemplary damages. This was appealed. The woman who claims she had no interest in him was sending him text messages and slutty pictures and agreed to meet him over the course of days. She willingly went to his hotel room and was seen after the supposed rape on CCTV footage hugging his arm and kissing him. Two women hug and kiss a man who was just raped. They were on straight to the police. That's what they should do.  Yes or no, I mean look we're being logical. Yes or no. If you're a woman and you get right and you get back down to the hotel reception You're out of the hotel room. You're back in public. Do you scream help me help me this man just assaulted me? Do you run straight to the police station or do you hug his arm and kiss him? Now let's talk about the moral character of this person She lied to her boyfriend to be with Connor and continued to lie to him So she is already known as a liar. She was cheating on her boyfriend with Connor in a hotel room at the time This is important because not only was she lying about what she was doing She was able to lie about where she was The getting her claim of being out of touch and not remembering the parts caught on film that do not match her story Parts on the video do not match her story and she says she doesn't remember But if she doesn't remember how did she manage to tell such an elaborate lie to her boyfriend? Interesting was waiting for her at home. She was also seen kissing on another guy who she  use the sexual assault, but that case failed. So I want to talk about this case actually. So first and foremost, I've now deciphered what's happened. You just ran through this. I've just deciphered what happened. She fucked Conmer Grigger. Got fucked by Conmer Grigger. Good for her. That's what she wanted clearly. She insinuated that in text messages. Her words not mine. By the way, BBC, if you're watching. She went out to her boyfriend. You cheating on me with Conmer Grigger. Oh no, I didn't cheat on you, but he forced me to. Well, you should go to the police and Captain fucking save a hoe some white knight, her boyfriend, believes her story and was happy to send her to the police station to make accusations against Conmer Grigger. But sorry, this James Lawrence thing is the most important part of it. It is the most important part of the story. So let me ask you a question, Andrew. If a man is accused of raping two women in a one night, one in one hotel room, one in the other, two isolated instances.  in the same night and he's found guilty beyond all reasonable doubt of raping one and not guilty of the other. You'd be a bit suspicious, you'd be like, well this guy's a rapist, he was obviously raped this corollion the night if there was evidence and we believed it, but it's sad and suspicious that he wasn't found guilty in the other case, maybe there's a reasonable doubt that he raped her, maybe I think he raped her too because he's obviously a rapist. So let me ask you another question. If a woman falsy accuses two men in one night, I must say falsy, accuses two men in one night. She's says she's raped by man A. Gets raped, hugs and kisses him, leaves and later on in the same night she says, man B in a completely isolated incidence raped me, okay? And the court say man B didn't rape you, I didn't rape you, that's stupid. Funny enough, the one man in this equation without the fame and the money and the influence with no political aspirations, and what if he didn't rape you? This is a false...  salgation. You fall see accused this man because he didn't rape you and the court finds that. What did you be in the just as in case number one? A bit suspicious to think well she falsely accused man B. Why would you go from getting raped in hotel room A and by coincidence find yourself raped in hotel room B a few hours later? You're lying about hotel room B. No rape victim goes from getting raped to another man's arms and has consensual sex. So doesn't that raise massive questions about the validity of your claims of what happened earlier on in the night in hotel room A. If it were a man who raped two individuals in different in different circumstances, we'd be pointing the finger and saying, oh he got away with the second one. I would say this woman got away with the first one. She got away with falsely accusing Conor McGregor, the man in this equation who has the money to pay compensation, who has the political aspirations, who has the name that they want in the fucking dirt. Isn't that cosmic? It's truthfully...  It's truthfully insane that there's anybody out there that believes a word of this garbage. But there are people who hate Connor and they'll hate him no matter what. And they already have decided he's a bad person. They already hate him. And it's that until proven guilty does not cross their mind, the fact that this woman might be lying isn't even of interest to them. If you could, if God himself came down and told these people that the woman was lying, they would still say Connor's the rapist because they don't care. They simply have a personal vendetta against him that I'm not interested in the truth. And the MSM is exactly the same. Look at this headline. Woman wins several civil rape case against Connor McGregor. But he wasn't, he wasn't found guilty of rape. He was found guilty of some form of assault and had to give her some money. The rape, he wasn't even found guilty of, but they say the word rape to slander his name as much as humanly possible. And if you're a man watching this, you don't have to like Connor. You don't have to be a fan of Connor. You don't have to agree with everything Connor's ever done. You don't have-  to sit here and be a Connor number one supporter. You have to understand that they can do this to anybody. No man is safe anymore. And as men, we need to band together and make it clear that if women are going to continue to lie about us in a court, every single time you have consensual sex women are going to lie, don't we as men, as adults, as individuals, as tax paying citizens, deserve innocent until proven guilty? Forget man, woman. Doesn't every human have the human right of innocent until proven guilty in a fair trial? And when I say fair trial, I mean, you do not give the benefit of the doubt to this person just because she's a woman. You do not give the benefit of the doubt to her. Just because Connor is a fighter who drinks alcohol and enjoys his life. You don't give the benefit of the doubt to these people because they have the MSM on their side. It should be a fair trial. And in a fair trial, how can logically, as my brother just explained, a woman get raped once, going to another hotel room, cry rape again, be found...  to be lying about the second rape and be 100% believed about her version of events for the first incidents, especially when there is video counteracting her version of events. Videos never lie and I have a feeling in the coming days, new video is going to appear. Yes. I have a strong suspicion that video is going to appear showing exactly how dangerous people like her are and she is dangerous because the system has weaponized women like her. Automate something clear to you guys at home in case you don't know how this works. The system weaponizes the psychopathic women against men with political ambitions. Any man who's had any kind of sexual history, they will call all 200 women you've ever slept with and they will find one who wants a payday. It's not hard. Please understand, 20% of women are clinically depressed. 50% of the women you've ever slept with in your life are broke. 30% of them are on some kind of mental illness.  drug, anxiety medication or depression medication or Zanax. 34% of them are stiff and cocaine every weekend. These people will literally do anything for a part of money and if the police call 200 of them and promise them, they get a free shot at a multi-millionaire with no repercussion for losing. No repercussions for lying. They have nothing to lose. It's a free lottery ticket, a free coin flip. Do you think the system cannot always find someone to stand against a man who they're trying to damage to prevent their political aspirations? They can find somebody to step up and attack anyone they want. That is why they do it. Let's do some statistical analysis here. We're going to get back to Connor in a second. But how old is Donald Trump? 78 years old? He's old. He's been around. Now he used to own the Miss Universe page in. He was arguably the most famous billionaire in the world for a long time. He was the number one in New York in New York. I guess lifestyle scene.  10-15 years, everyone wanted to be him, everyone wanted to be around him. I'm not trying to bring up any smoke or Donald Trump, but how many women would I guess Donald Trump has had sex with in his life? 100, 300, 500, 800? Any possible answer is could be true. I don't know his sexual history, but it's definitely more than a few. He's Donald Trump, world's most famous billionaire. Every single woman he's married as a former model. He's been around and every woman wanted to be around this man. Now, Donald Trump, if you don't know this, was found in a civil court, of course, civil, always money, because the burden of proof is lower. Was found guilty of raping somebody. So of the thousands of women he's met, all the women who've defended him. Every single woman who said it was consensual, Donald Trump's the man I had a wonderful evening and a wonderful time. He was a perfect gentleman, one woman who is visibly, visibly, mentally handicapped. There is something wrong  this person. Can we get a picture of this person? There is something physically and mentally wrong with this person. You can see it from a still photograph. Years of drugs, maybe homelessness, heroin addiction, her career as a model fell off, definitely on prescription meds, definitely on a bunch of antidepressants, definitely votes Democrat, definitely a big fan of the Biden's and everyone else who hates to see the man that slipped through her fingers as she went to as he went on to marry a Melania and Ivanka and all these beautiful women who he had big families with. The man who slipped through her fingers is now the most powerful man in the world and she gets a free boost at fame, money, clout, being a superstar one last time, even though she looks like a decrepit old skeleton, the hundreds of thousands of women that Donald Trump may have stuck with, they found one and they found in guilty. Isn't that insane? Can we get a picture of this lunatic please? Just please, load up a picture to demonstrate what I mean. I have  members of my family with various handicaps, you know, with various mental illnesses, you can see from a photograph alone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, that this person has something wrong with them. I would bet my entire net worth that this person has something mentally wrong with them. Can we, let's get the picture up on screen. This is the person who Donald Trump, world's most famous and handsome billionaire, was found guilty of raping in an event that she doesn't recall the events. She doesn't remember when. She doesn't remember the date. He just did. They found him guilty. Corruption. Fake. Corruption. scandalous. Disgusting. She belongs in jail. And he owes her 450 million dollars. Something stupid. Yeah, billions. He owes her low. I'm sure that I had nothing to do with this presidential aspect. Oh, I'm sure it would have happened anyway. Of course. What happened on that day anyway if Donald Trump had just, you know, stayed on the  is saying you're fired to people, I'm sure. Gentlemen, we all see through this garbage now, but unless enough of us are prepared to take the risk of standing up, and the reason no one stands up is because if you defend somebody going through this, they say you're defending a rapist. You know what, I don't give a shit what these dickhead liberals say about me. I am over their crap. I don't believe the MSM, I don't believe these liberals. I understand how corrupt judicial systems are. Oh, you believe the judge, do you? You think the judge, man, it is all garbage. And until we start standing up and defending men who are going through this, this will not end. And you know what, what's the saying? First, they went for the famous man and I didn't say anything because I wasn't famous. And they remember the rich man, and I said nothing because I was rich. And they came for me, there was no one left to stand up. That's why I have vowed, you know what, all of my wonderful exes, this is a message to all of my wonderful exes. Every single model who ever worked at my webcam studio, all of my ex girlfriends, who I had good relationships with, they all...  question by the police, all of them, and they all had this opportunity to take a shot at me, to say yes, Tristan did something wrong to me because it's a free lottery ticket. It's free money. I actually want to say I was false accused by two lunatics who will be financially bankrupt and in jail themselves, hopefully within the next 24 months. However, every single woman who decided to stand up for me until the truth and decline the opportunity to lie about me and to say that I committed any type of assault, well, you know, I'm glad I met you and you're all absolutely wonderful. But let me tell you something, if these women had taken a different stance, if these women had decided, you know what, I'm just going to lie about Tristan because it's a free payday, then you too would be facing financial bankruptcy and jail because I have the resources to stand up for what's right and to fight my case to the bitter end. I don't care if it takes me 10 years. Anyone who decides to false the accused me is in trouble because the law works very, very slowly, but the truth eventually comes  of the surface and there will be a day when that lunatic whose picture we just showed there is going to confess in some book or some memoir that political pressure from ex person or why person Hillary Clinton made her say what she said. I guarantee it you could bookmark this post. Here's one more quick breakdown of the Connor case from Keith Woods. Let's break it down. So my personal opinion is that there's very little that makes sense about this case and I was very shocked at the guilty verdict. The accused her first proposition McGregor sending him suggestive pictures over social media and volunteering to go to his hotel. Despite this, she claims she had no desire to sleep with him. Make that makes sense. If it doesn't make sense, it's not true. It's not true. Every woman who's ever sent me provocative pictures and then showed up at my hotel room, what it's asleep with me down every single time she never got there and said, Hey Tristan, let's discuss business metrics. She left her boyfriend to go see McGregor as part of a multi-day bender but lied to him about...  where she was. C-C-D-V showed her kissing and touching both McGregor and his friend after McGregor was alleged to have raped her. In fact, she stayed for hours, parrying and drinking after the alleged assault. She alleged he put her in a chokehold and told her, now you know how I felt in the octagon where I tapped out three times. Pause it, pause it, pause it, pause it. I've lost fights, Andrew. You've lost fights. When you're a fighter, you pride yourself in being a fighter, right? Whatever once would I say to even a man, so let's say I punched a man in the face. Now you know how I felt during my European title when I got knocked down. That's not how fighters talk. No fighter in the world, even those who hate McGregor could possibly believe. That is the kind of thing a woman makes up. That is the kind of thing that you will say to a jury to make the jury think he's an angry, insecure fighter for losing those fights and he took it out on this poor woman. It's clearly a work of fiction.  A couple in the bedroom next door testified against her account. They never saw or heard any signs of assault. One of the people that testified was her own friend and work colleague called her a liar, her own friend. One of those people testified that he slept with the woman. She denied this, but after it was seemingly shown on CCTV footage showing her all over him after the assault, she also sued this man for sexual assault. Despite having no claim of, despite claiming to have no recollection of meeting him, but he was found not killed by the jury. So this woman is just a serial liar who will accuse anyone. Let me tell you one more thing about all of these scenarios. You know the white knights, the liberal pussy dudes who don't know women and don't get women, the male feminists of these psychos. The fat, porn addicts who hate horror and hate their own masculine men who their only interaction with women or women they paid to speak to on only fans. That's right. Okay. Those guys, yeah, I'm any man who's been around women long enough or has been with the enough women or slept with the enough...  women or any man who's been successful knows women. And if you know women, you know they fucking lie. They fucking lie. They will not take account ability for anything that happens to them. It's always someone else's fault. And they will lie to pretend they are a victim. They do it with everything. It is their defense mechanism. A man takes accountability for what goes wrong because that allows us to be competitive in the world. This went wrong. It's my fault. A woman doesn't. A woman says this went wrong. It's not my fault to protect herself. You can do a very simple experiment. Get a thousand girls in a room and say who's ever crashed their car and 900 of them will put their hands up and then say put your hand up if it wasn't your fault. All of them will pretend it wasn't their fault. Oh, but this guy just popped out. Oh, but no, the car didn't break. Oh, but it was snowing. Yeah, it was snowing. It's still your fault. Yeah, nothing is their fault in their mind. Any man who knows women knows women lie. And then to come along with the lie that he told me I was...  was Kabeb shut the fuck up you're lying you are fucking lying you are lying unbelievable you are lying and I want to make something very clear I have never met Conor McGregor nor have I ever spoken to him I don't know Conor McGregor's character but I know bullshit when I see it I've been around and I know bullshit when I see it and you know what's funny if Conor McGregor rightfully wins this appeal with the evidence in the videos he's gonna show proving that this woman is a liar if he wins his appeal and it says well he's not guilty everyone's gonna come out of the woodwork just like they did when Johnny Depp was found not guilty and say Amber hurts an animal Amber hurts horrible Amber hurt abused this poor man Conor her taking advantage don't forgive the people who don't stand up for you don't forgive the people then who won't open their mouths now we know bullshit when we see it we have been victims of similar bullshit and when we're exonerating  All the people. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Come on. Oh, this is America's a false accuser. Oh, this false accuser. They're gonna have her name and face everywhere. This false accuser makes rape victims not believe so much. She's a danger. Nika, I've been in jail for three months. I've been arrested for two years already. Like I can't wait for the apology tour, but I'm not gonna remember any of you. Only the people who had my back when it was going on. Absolutely. So here she is here. And here's a woman saying the right thing. She actually says something very smart here. She says, the key to hand is not a hero. As a woman, you take responsibility for your actions. For grating that you cheated on your boyfriend does not make Connor a rapist. She got wasted. She went with Connor a burger to a hotel room. After she left, she texted her boyfriend that she's enjoying herself. She then went on to kiss and hug McGregor's friend and slept with him moments after the alleged rape. She couldn't even remember that she slept with James Lawrence. He informed the police they slept together and she immediately tried to sue him too. This woman is fucking psycho. Look at her face. She's a bitch.  The system has weaponized the system weaponizes these psychopathic women against men is not fair It is not fair all men deserve a fair trial based on evidence They should not take the whims and the lies of women give them the benefit of the adult and weaponize the system against men And let me just say something feelings and regrets and are not evidence They are no evidence because nobody knows what happened in that hotel room your regrets are no evidence you kissing and hugging him afterwards That's evidence. Oh, no, I know how you feel your regrets changing your mind is an evidence But you kissing and hugging him on video is evidence You feeling regret because your boyfriend found out isn't evidence your feelings are not evidence of anything But then Tristan if you and I are just crazy conspiracy theorists Why would they possibly do this to Conor McGregor? Let me think Conor McGregor so he has president. I hold the power to summon  the dial as well as dissolve it. So as I said before, I would have answers to the people of Ireland. I'd seek answers from the thieves of the working man, the disruptors of the family unit, these destructors of small businesses and on and on and on. These charlatans and their positions of power would be summoned to answer to the people of Ireland and I would have it done by day end or I'd be left with no choice but to deserve the dial. Is it called dial? What is it? It's the parliament. Yeah. Entirely, stop the train until the people of Ireland deserve the answers they seek. Point blank. This would be my power as president. 2025 is coming. Oh, interesting. So it wants to hold the corrupt politicians of Ireland accountable. So Ireland's most famous current sporting hero who has the hearts and the minds of the people has political ambitions. It's a shame he's a rapist. Oh, they all want to be one of the rapists because they got to fix the corruption. Let's just elect the corrupt politicians again who steal from us but aren't rapists.  Because Conor McGregor is sorry he's a rapist and we can't elect him If only he wasn't a rapist he could have stopped all of this in San E in Ireland like the migrant invasion Like all of the money being stolen but he's a rapist. What a terrible coincidence Well, so now the politicians could continue to destroy the country. Let me give you a message Conor McGregor Do not stop in your political ambitions because they tried the same shit with Trump and he was fine Found civilly liable for rape and the world is waking up the world is getting smarter Trump was elected because millions of women voted for him because hardworking women are the ones most insulted by this Hardworking women career women the women who are actually lawyers and judges and worked their whole life to get ahead and to To make a career and to make something of their own name should be very ashamed that there is a cohort Within your own gender faction that thinks you know what I'm not gonna bother with any of that I'm just gonna send me a picture of some dude on Instagram till he takes me to his hotel room and don't have sex with him  You can't even see it. Johnny Depp was dragged worse than Conor McGregor. Johnny Depp, Pirates of the Caribbean, everyone loves him Captain Jack Sparrow, was called The Worst Shit in the World I Saw It Myself. And now everyone knows that Amber Herndt is a lying fucking... Is there Depp, have you ever considered this a very art-admissed herd? Have you ever sexually assaulted Miss Herndt? Never. Oh, remember everyone is- remember how the MSM attacked him? Oh yeah, Johnny Depp, he was a rapist, he was a... He was a woman be- errrr. Cause Hollywood in Disney, which definitely have no pedophiles and child rapists and, you know, deviance in there and on their team, those people cancelled his fucking Pirates as a Caribbean contract, cancelled his movie contracts. We're gonna make new ones without him because he's a rapist. The second the allegations were made against me, the accusations, the second the more and the more these things, as I said, metastasized.  and turned into father for the media. Father for the media. Once that happened, I lost then. That's right. Once the media gets hold of it, that's all they care about. Three years they'd called us human traffickers. You know what they should be? We haven't even gone to trial. In fact, the judge said there's no evidence. The judge called us a human trafficker for three years. The judge threw all the evidence away and said it was, well, so you have to understand, this evidence is irregular and illegal, which means invented by Romania. Fake invented. That's what they can't say. It's fake, but that's what irregular and illegal means. If there's evidence, I human trafficked someone. Why would it be illegal? Why would it be irregular? Doesn't make sense. That's fake evidence. And the judge has just found it to be fake. I'm on my way out of this shit and I can't wait for the apology tour. Unbelievable. They, you know what's really...  amazing to me though. Tell me. They used a fake rape claim to get a son, Julian Assange. And he had to hide in the embassy and then go to Belmarsch for 12 years. And then they said, okay, it's fine now. Where's the woman he raped? Well, happened to her. Where is she? Where is this rape? Is it never... Tristan, are you telling me that the nefarious people in charge of our governments who are afraid to have the ban wagon of stealing end? Who will send millions of young men to die for no reason other than their own bank balances? Who inflate the currency? Who steal from the population? Who import third world migrants to destroy the culture? Are you telling me that these people, as heinous as they are, would also use fake rape claims to stop people from damaging their political ambitions? Are you trying to say as a crazy conspiracy theorist that they made up the claim against Assange purely to stop him running wiki leaks and the second they did a deal with him, the rape claim went away because it was all a bad...  In the first place I don't know I find it very hard to believe that satanic child rapist pedophiles would lie about this kind of thing Yes, crazy. I mean the satanic child raping pedophiles in charge of Ireland currently which are destroying the culture and replacing the population They would never lie about quantum rebelling a rapist stop and becoming present. I mean they have some lines Of course not. I mean that's out of the question. I mean these people they've never know that far It's not like they're trying to start world war fucking three in Ukraine for no reason They clearly care loads about human life. They wouldn't ruin columnar gruggers reputation just to save themselves of course But of course not unthinkable or something about this woman's clearly mentally balanced Unfucking real these are the same thing to Trump same thing to Assange They've done it to nearly every man who gets in their way. I mean this Russell Brand was there here Our Russell Brand was lefty one of them, you know cheering on for the Hillary Clinton's of the world He was a full lefty everyone loved him everyone loved him. He came to Christ became a Christian He settled down wife kids everything's going well for the  man. But talking about those vaccines, oh, talking about the war, you can talk about COVID, you know, I did it. I was listening to his opinions about COVID and the war in Ukraine. I was, oh, Russell is very interesting. You might be a rapist taking it in. I would then I found out he's a rapist. So the vaccine must work. They must work as rapists say it doesn't work. You know what, I wouldn't give the James. I would have believed him about vaccine. Yes. And World War three. If he hadn't raped people if he wasn't a rapist, but he's a weighted. Yeah. Shit. And I would have wanted corner to fix Ireland. He's a fucking nice way. It's a shame. It's a Trump Trump would be the best president. But he's a rapist. And a song. He's telling the truth that he's telling everyone by his rapist. But Andrew Tristay, we definitely human-trapped people. Of course, of course, I mean, obviously, obviously, the parent here, we exceptions don't disprove the rule. We are clearly guilty.  It's just what it seems like all these powerful men are prepared to do the right thing for the people if only they work rapist I know what is it about being a good person wants to do the right thing for his country and for other people that makes you want to write you must just Compensate your sadistic rapist feelings with trying to help other people You know we asked running a charity speaking the truth to power You know it must just us be Compensaying for all the raping we've always done. You know what's really funny None of this is funny none of it's funny. It's actually we make a joke of it But gentlemen, this is fucking disgusting. It's if it happened if this happened to most men They fucking kill themselves. I've been through I've been through the fucking ringer. Let me tell you something Most men would kill themselves Conor McGregor is a mentally strong person Obviously he has to be to get to where he got to and I know who make it through this and I just fucking pray for his Exoneration I pray for his exoneration and I hope that this woman finds herself in fucking jail a decade of jail And Conor keep your head up champ. Give all the people who are  Bought in her bandwagon bullshit are people who hated you anyway. Yeah, and they'd hate you no matter you could cure cancer tomorrow And they'd hate you you've lost zero fan you've lost zero true fans because everyone with a brain knows Let's get Ryan on because you know what else this happened to this happened to a man called Matt gates Who was about to be attorney fucking general? He was about to be attorney general and I've always liked Matt Gates ever since I first heard him speaking I've been a massive fan and supporter of Matt Gates, but supposedly he's a human trafficker Oh, he's a human trafficker. Why didn't you tell me because Matt gates is a fantastic politician sharp on the point Correct about almost everything. He says super great. I was hoping that he have a very important political position I hope that he's going to be out of low. He's not gonna become attorney general I hope that becomes the governor of Florida, but how can you trust a man to govern Florida when he's a human Traffickers let's see what Tucker us to say about him because we all know Tucker's a terrible racist Gates is the most articulate member of Congress. It's like not saying close right so they hate him for that because he's a danger my explanation  I've of course I've noticed that Republicans believe most of what they're told. Part of it is I think there's an IQ gap from just being honest. Part of it is they believe in the system and Democrats just don't believe in the system at all. They don't believe in any system that curtail their power basically. But Republicans really believe in it to their great credit. And so they're like, well, it's the DOJ. I mean, this kind of corrupt on the margins. You know what I mean? There's some bad apples, but most of them are really great. Really? Why haven't the great ones resigned? Right. I don't think there's any evidence that are mostly great at all. I think they're really dangerous, heavily armed. So Ryan is a good friend of ours and he has the down low on this whole human trafficking garbage with mass. We're going to bring him on. He's going to explain it to me because I be honest. I don't even know all that much. All I know is that he was accused of human trafficking as soon as he was nominated, as soon as he was nominated to be Attorney General, all this crap surface, whether it happened before I'm not sure, but it was certainly pushed to the front of public consciousness If you know what people say they have someone behind their back, networking or not, they told everybody we write things that just help them tigers  had the possibility of being the attorney general of the United States. All of a sudden a bunch of shit appears. And you know what? Call me a wild conspiracy theorist. But maybe it's my own personal experience because we're all humans we all live through bias. But when I turned down a $50 million sponsorship to stop, all I had to do was stop talking about LGBT, don't mention Gaza, shut the fuck up, wear feminine clothes and take the money. Don't mention Ukraine. When I turned that money down my legal problem started and when Assange wouldn't stop publishing on wiki leaks, they wanted to drone strike him but Hillary wasn't authorized so his legal problem started and when Trump tried to run for president, his legal problem started and when the corner start talking about being president, his legal problem started. So call me a crazy guy but he gets nominated to attorney general then all this shit gets pushed to the front. I don't know. Seems suspicious. Let's see, let's see the story. Ryan, do you hear us? I hear you. Right, so let me just introduce this man for a second. If you do not know the work of Ryan Dawson, that means cancel culture worked because he probably have a much bigger Twitter account than myself or anybody. Take it off.  Taking off the the main stream however Ryan Dawson is a very close friend of ours You're gonna explain what you want to explain right? However, I'm just gonna give you one warning beforehand Although all the evidence against us has been thrown out in our case You know lots about our case. You know our cases bullshit We are still at this stage not allowed to say the victim's names So please on this stream do not mention the names of my false accusers I know that's not what you're talking about here, but that's just a warning so we don't slip on that back in jail I gotcha and to Connor to Tasha nice Shimta the guy is innocent dude You know he it's also stupid when she said I'll just bring up this point on Connor before I get to the gates She said that he said now, you know She like choketer says now you know I felt what I tapped the octagon three times he only has two submission losses in And his other losses early in his career from a knee bar not a choke so whatever It wasn't talking about happy board day. That's exactly what female  would make up. It's literally just female. Yeah. Well, this is what she said that to trigger him. So he loses temper in the witness box, which is what the jury said made them give him the assault charge. Not agrivo to assault, not rape, but you guys covered perfectly. But it's stupid. It was eight women, four men. I'll just leave it at that. Yeah. Yeah. Jerry of your peers, fair trial, huh? Jerry of your peers. But Matt Gates, what a G. I don't think people really understand the battle we just lost because not only is he not going to be the attorney general, he's not in Congress either. They pick the perfect time for the ethics committee, which is not a judicial body or anything, just ethics committee to go over sexual misconduct. And he's been accused of human trafficking and sex with the minor by this fun and real line felon and two women, one of them from Florida. Wait, before we continue, did the ethics community investigate the man who was fucking his off?  male aid in the Senate. You know the guy who's having the anal sex, the gay anal sex, and the Senate was that investigated? Ed Fograff, it too. Yeah, and it was on for was that investigated or was that just that, that's not important. Not my name. No. I'm just checking because obviously having anal sex, obviously, saw to me in the Senate building is completely fine. Okay. Good. So I'm understanding the radical shot across the valve. Yeah. That's fine. That was, you know, there's more than that. That was getting everybody in line, but that's a different story. But with with Matt Gates, this story is weird even by Florida standards because it gets into a bunch of different characters. David McGee, Bob Kent, Stephen Alfred, Jake Novak, Joel Greenberg, all these weirdos. But the the ethics committee is not the first to investigate Matt Gays. The DOJ already investigated Matt Gays. This is the Joe Biden Justice Department who has zero love from Matt Gates, investigated him and found no wrong doing. That was already their conclusions.  But what happened with the ethics committee? It was very clever. It was what they did was this They're not going to give their conclusion of the report because it's going to be the same as the D.O.J There are no charges or wasn't wrong doing so what they said is a hacker Somehow got the depositions of the women's accusations By getting the communications of the ethics committee and then the New York Times and all the media Published the accusations that the hacker got without the conclusions. Are you? You get this giant spear go ahead. Are you saying that you're a conspiracy theorist like me saying that the media works hand in hand With the true people in charge of the government to slander people's name irregardless of whether they're guilty or Andrew Ryan Dolson a conspiracy theorist never are you saying the New York Times lie? Are you saying that BBC the dog rapist and pedophiles wouldn't be honest? Pro  So start from the very beginning. Let's let's start for people who have no idea who mac a two So from the absolute beginning give us the story like because for 10. We're 15 and we have no idea All right, so Matt gates is a congressman from the state of Florida. Yep, and he's based He on it is fucking things. They would agree with him on a lot of a lot of things he He wanted to pull out of Syria He introduced a bill in pass. He opposed the anti-Semitism bill as hate speech. He called it ridiculous He entered the hunter Biden laptop into Congress as part of the Congressional record They didn't like that at all. He's against social media censorship. We all agree on that He was against the law fair done to Trump He was against the COVID mandates in the military and he grilled Lloyd Austin about that He was against boots on the ground in Gaza, which nobody said and he didn't take any money from a  which is the giant one of the biggest Israeli lobbies, biggest lobby there is actually. So he's on a number of things and he said Epstein was killed by a foreign state. So this guy is flying close to the sun. Oh yeah, he said it's real cold up stains. And he made it clear that they had to because it was the blackmail ring. He said let's not name any places, but somebody, somebody deserves one of these. Yeah, yeah. And you know, it was like, kind of like Eric Weinstein did the same thing. I'm gonna say which country, but we all know what happened. So what the ethics they did is they decided, oh, there's giant accusation on Matt Gase because as you know, the process is the punishment. They know eventually he'll be exonerated, but it doesn't matter because the defamation from the accusations alone can destroy your credibility and so it makes it harder for him to get things done in Congress. And he has to put.  up with this, but it gets way weirder and worse than this. They tried to blackmail his father. So there's an interesting character. He was a tax collector in Florida. His name is Joel Greenberg. Joel Greenberg is guilty of 33 felonies. Wow. He led guilty to six of them. How do you... Why aren't you and jail after the first one? He committed them so consecutively. They find out more and more the garbage he was doing as the tax collector. It's like a guy that watched criminals on TV from a sitcom or something to get his ideas because they were so dumb. It was Lindsey Graham level stupid. They kind of don't see tried the poor. And what did he try to get his father blackmail to do? So one second, it's Joel Greenberg. Theft stalking, sex trafficking, cryptocurrency...  fraud, small business administration loan fraud. So you're saying an actual sex trafficker. I'm a library. An actual guy was found guilty. He's talking a sex trafficking, who by the way, isn't a jacked handsome guy like Matt Gates. He looks like a little fat double chin weirdo. So the type of people who actually do sex trafficking was found guilty of it. He's pointing the finger at Matt Gates. Yeah. He actually, it's always guilty of the wrong accusations. He was guilty of sex trafficking, not Matt Gates. He also impersonated a cop twice. He ran out in office that he ended up catching on fire accidentally because he put a bunch of crypto mining equipment in there and he had too many plugged in and the office caught on fire. And he just did petty stuff. He spent like $15,000 on sprinklers that he could aim at people remotely, which is kind of funny, but I just know what did he, what did he try and but Matt, well Matt Gates is father to do. So it so darn Gates is very wealthy and Joel.  Joel was giving information to another man to a series of guys. So I got to give you some background. This, there was a man who worked for the DEA and FBI who was caught in Iran and they're holding a message. He's dead. His name was Robert Livingston and even Hillary Clinton gave up on him, his own family gave up on him. But his own family's law firm didn't give up. There was a guy named David McGee and another name named Bob Kent. And they had a felon working for them, Stephen Alfred, his step or Stephen, Stephen Alfred already guilty of fraud, already guilty of grand theft. And they got guilty again of another extortion attempt for $6 million and they use him to extort Gates' father attempt to. So what they said is, we'll make this sex trafficking allegations go away if you give us to $25 million. And to explain why you're giving us $25 million is they always to help this rescue mission to get this hostage. But how could they make...  it go away. How do they have any influence over these sex allegations? They couldn't. They're like, what are you going to get Joe Biden giving a pardon to Matt Gaetz? That's not going to happen. What they were doing is they were going around a different businessmen that they had entrapped in these honey traps with Greenberg and doing the same scam over and over again. Give us money. We'll make it go away. So you're saying that they knew girls and they'd get the girls to sleep with guys and then they'd convince the girl to make an accusation and then they'd go to the guy and say, give us money to make it go away. Didn't have to sleep with them. Just had to be around them. If they took the date great, they didn't. They just lied. The Joe Greenberg had this sugar daddy, sugar baby website that he was gathering girls from. And so he would go and he would pay them to sleep with people without telling them. So whoever it is, the judge, the businessman, whoever is important, that's the target. thinks he's at a party, he's wealthy, he's going to look at it and the girl wants to sleep with them. That happens.  time. So they don't know that Joel is pay them. They're not paying Joel and Joel's paying them. Joel's just paying them because he's trying to gal. He's trying to collect people so he can blackmail them. And what funny is they reported one of the girls was a former minor. What the hell is that? What's up? What's up? This is a minor. Sounds like mine. Yes. Let me hear the. Well, okay. This is what it is. The assumption and this usually is the case is a girl who says 17 will lie and say she's 18 or she'll tell the truth but the party organizer will lie and say she's 18. So that way she gets leaps with the guy that, aha, I'm a minor surprise. But the opposite thing happened. The girl was 18 and lied and said she was 17 and probably why she did that is she wanted to get flown out. She wanted to go to the parties. She wanted the the prestige and hang out with these people but she didn't want to get pressured and to have insects with anybody. So she said, well, I'm 17. You can't do that. But Greenberg didn't give a damn and it wouldn't have mattered because.  She would have been even if she had been 17 by the time she met Gates, she would have been 18 or 19 years later. So Gates had a sexual relation like all men do with this girl and Greenberg tried to blackmail him. They went to the DOJ and the DOJ ended up saying that he's done nothing wrong. He didn't do anything wrong. It's not even clear. He even slept with her. He just tried to get up to sleep with one of these girls. Now he was a young bachelor and handsome. Who was it? MacAce's hands up was fun. No, no, it's stupid when we pretend that a man having sex is somehow a crime. That's the reason we all exist. Everyone watching this is here because a man had sex with a woman. That's the world. People have sex with each other. So when we say, oh, well, he's like the moral implications. There's no moral implications because that's the reason we all exist. Like that's that's the world. Human nature. So one on one. I'm not saying it's the moral or anything. I'm just since it is a case. I'm just being very factual. It's not even clear even. So the DOJ has done nothing wrong after this blackmail attempt. And then the ethics community, ethics committee reopened it. Got hacked.  accidentally leaked everything to the media and tried to trial and buy media because they knew they couldn't win another kind of trial. What are the odds that right after Trump appoints Gates to be the attorney general that suddenly the ethics committees communications get hacked and only the accusations are released. Of course. Of course. And only them. Of course. And it just gets even a domer because Gates immediately first of all his father's like what sex trafficking. What do you want to go away? He didn't do that. So he calls his son and says what's going on and his son's like I don't know call the FBI. So they call the FBI and their own they call the FBI and the FBI has his dad wear a wire and Matt Gates went straight to Tucker Carlson who was still working for Fox News at the time. So he went on a national news media. By the way the most popular pendant in national news media and named attorneys by name he got on the Tucker.  Carlson's, oh, and said, this is Dave McGee and Bob Kent. Now, you gotta be stupid to call out attorneys by name if you're wrong. How does that? He wasn't. He didn't do anything, and that was his way of saying, I'll say it right here on Fox News. But it was such a weird thing. Why are they, who's a hostage in Iran, and how does that have to do with the tax collector in Florida? Seems all weird. Then you enter this guy, Jake Novak, who was in communications with Scott Adams, you know the guy with the Dilbert Carton, he's a journalist. And he was alluding to the case too. And the other question you have to ask is, to the about these blackmailers, how do you know the Department of Justice is doing an investigation in Matt Gates? You're not the Department of Justice. True. So either there's a leaker in the DOJ or an employee or somebody in there telling them, or it is the guy you know. So what does that do with Iran? Let's tie it to Iran quickly. I don't know some more. Well, Iran caught a spy.  and these guys, he's dead. So they couldn't get him, but the law firm wouldn't give up on it. The family even gave up on him. But they're still trying, they're working with the Israelis, and they're trying to get what's called proof of life. So nowadays, if there's a hostage, you can't just have a phone call or video because all that's so easily fakeable. So you have to get fingerprints, blood work, and all the list of things you have to do. They didn't do that. And so when they went to the state department, people went to the FBI, and this was all pressured by Mike Pompeo and John Bolton. We don't need to explain who they are. Serial liars. The FBI said, you don't have fingerprints, you don't have blood work, and this video is shite. They got inconclusive. It was crap. He's not there. But they're still acting like, well, we're gonna do this little side quest because America cannot go into a ran-on rescue mission. It's just diplomatic suicide, it causes war. So if you're gonna get them out.  you have to have people inside essentially bribe whoever is holding them uh... to release them that's the easiest clean this way to do it the first person the approach on that was oleg dot oprasco is uh... exiled russian all our guard billionaire that fled to israel he was like no why would you approach him because the everybody knows he can move money in and out of a random as long as the way that didn't work so they go to gates is father to try and get this money i don't think that any any uh... intention on actually using this money to free hostage that they actually that everyone knows is dead they're just it's just a way to explain why they're why he's given the money he can't say gave me money for blackmail so you have to have some pretext i think it's just a pretext so it was so then they have been well how did you know there was an investigation about sex trafficking in that case that has not been explained yet so my question is this why is that gate stepped down widening fight to the nail to the end widened wide and he give up the attorney general position because even in law must tweeted that these accusations  mean nothing, Trump supported him clearly. The power structures on his side now, you'd like to think that the good guys are winning. Why would he step down? Because he and Trump were both on the phone. When you get, say, for those who don't know, I know you guys know, but when the president appoints somebody to be in his cabinet, the Senate still has to confirm it. So the Senate wasn't going to confirm it because of four people. So all the Democrats said no, and four people won't be in Mitch McConnell. We're not going to confirm Matt Gaetz anyway. So he wasn't going to get in. And he didn't want to get Trump to do a recess session and lose the political capital. He just gained by winning an election, getting the popular vote, getting a, he just, he doesn't want to be this like circus that distracts from all of Trump's cabinet picks and delays it till, you know, almost February. So he just stepped out. Well, then let's, let's, let's do this because lots of young men listen to me. Lots of young men in Florida listen to me.  One, Matt Gaetz, I like everything about him. I like everything he says. He's a handsome Jack, sharp motherfucker. I mean, he comes out with some real, not politically correct things to say that are super on point. I love it. He should probably push in. What should Matt Gaetz have? Fat ugly women at the abortion rally. What should Matt Gaetz do now? What have we missed out on by not having him a attorney general? And how can the public rally behind him and help him in what he needs to do next? I think that's an important thing to cover. His replacement, Pam Bondi, is not horrible, but she's not Matt Gaetz. It's just a, better than some of his other picks. He's only had four good picks and the rest have been terrible and she's like, so-so. So Matt Gaetz is now switched to Twitter to former congressman Matt Gaetz. He's not going to run for the new Congress in January, which he could have done. DeSantis has to appoint a senator to replace Marco Rubio's seat because Marco, the Florida-  The senator is now going to be the secretary of state, so his seats open. I don't think Matt Gates is going to get that either because it will probably go to Trump. So it's up to Gates. Now, he did do an interview with Charlie Kirk, he said he's going to be still active but from a different perch. They didn't say what the different perch is going to be, but it's not going to be Congress. He said, I think term limits and they thought agreed eight years is enough to do what you need to do. So he'd been in state Congress and then in the federal Congress as a representative Florida, it's from 27 to 42 years old. Media, maybe some did it with media. So if Elon buys MSNBC, you could have. That's a deadline I want to live in. That's a time I want to live in. That would be incredible. So it's kind of interesting.  So Matt Gaetz story is similar to all the other stories of powerful men who are trying to do the right thing and they just drag out these bullshit sexual allegations to try and damage their reputation. Trial by media and the dummies at home believe what the media says. Even after being lied to about COVID, being lied to about every war that's ever started, being lied to about the fucking vaccine, being lied to about migration, being lied to on the television constantly. As soon as the TV says someone's accused of something they instantly believe it. It's truly incredible. And everything you just listed, Matt Gaetz was good on. Yeah. He was good on immigration. He was good on, or being against illegal immigration. He was good on opposing the COVID mandates. He wanted to pull out of the Syrian. He didn't want it worn Ukraine. He's kind of the, it's him and Thomas Massey. That's the two honest congressmen. Do you think Trump's going to drain the swamp? Do you think he's just going to be different this time? Do you think he's going to go to war with them and really clean up? It's better than what we had. Think of where we were. We are.  and the trenches G. We were so bad with Biden, Harris, and Anthony Blinken, who just gave attack on missiles to Ukraine or authorized the use of them. They gave them the April actually. You can't really get worse than Sullivan and Blinken and Yellen and the whole Biden cabinet. Now there are some real rotten eggs in Trump's new cabinet with Mike Huckabee who doesn't believe in dinosaurs. You got some weirdos. He's ambassador to Israel. He's U.N. ambassador, his Zionist, Marco Rubio's Zionist. They all suck. But you also have Tulsi Gabbard, a real estate swimmer. And D&I, you have Tom Homan for the borders are. That's a great pick. That's a great job. He's awesome. I love that guy. RFK in health. That's excellent. It is. I mean, look at him. He's jacked. He's got a great creature that was there the first half of the Biden administration.  And Rachel Lee, like Transgender whatever thing that is and yeah, and then the We're not gonna have Guys wearing lipstick in high heels stealing women luggage Like the doors creatures are gone What jobs do they get what happens to those people? Oh All the all the weirdos the creatures of the Jesus secretary is fake breasts and adopted kids It's more in North Carolina than hurricane that they yeah, they'll crawl back into a little They'll be consultants or whatever or they'll go to work for any of these D.C. Affiliates or NGOs or something they'll be kept on the government payrolls some way unless Dogue ends up as a real thing I can't even eat long just I can't Help but get excited about the future cuz Elon the vac rfk toll seat  I'm thinking we have enough Avengers to really go and do some damage to the system and its corruption I'm actually genuinely excited advanced to I mean it's no Vance. Oh, we love Vance Think about how much better Vance is than Mike Pence my kids is so forgettable a billion As in Tulsi, you're right not perfect, but you know good on 80% of things RFK shit on foreign policy and environment very good on health He does know the Ukraine war inside it now and that's the biggest thing the biggest like nothing's gonna change with guys in Israel Unfortunately, but with Ukraine where 500,000 people have died and I'm taking a low number That needs the end. Yeah, and everybody in the Trump administration agrees on that and that's what we need Somebody to leave a jump to negotiate rather than just sending more money and weapons and wondering what that'll do 100% cuz Put it on going anywhere and he's not losing either No, he's he's very popular and at least he has elections Zelensky hasn't yits  It's been if there's any names we forgot are there any names we forgot about this sexual assault shit? We said us Connor Brand when he talked against the vaccine Trump obviously they just got Matt Gates a song. They used it Are there any other old names? A few people that have an all is a big one When they when he was appointed Trump's first administration they appointed him to the United States Supreme Court And then a bunch of crap about a bunch of he touched me back in 1976 How many times can they do this is it just who believes this anymore? Is it just the liberals want to believe it so it doesn't have to be believable? It you know, it's just their MO they're like Cusem of sexual assault or racism or some kind of ism or whatever to smash them at Kavanaugh I'll go run through I know I mean you want me to go. It's not real fast Kavanaugh They accused him of sexual assault in the 1980s in high school It's some  Christine Bailey Ford or whatever it was BS that he had Deborah Ramirez Said he exposed himself to her in college and then actually it might not have been him It could have been some other guy and then she produced some witness who's like I Don't even know him. I don't remember house farty and I don't remember the sense of it And it just went on and on like that of stuff from high school in college With no evidence at all, but they had four different accusers the final one Re-cancated it said all I made it up for attention He won he is on the Supreme Court and tried to get him and what did they try to get Clarence Thomas with that wasn't sexual was it? No, yeah, I just reminded me of that. I was thinking Elliott Spitzer as well and Vitter they both opposed the subprime mortgage fiasco and so it was odd that The whatever that guy he just had sex with a girl his eight of age, but he was cheating on his wife  But they just came out with it. All of you like Kamala Harris? All of them do that. I mean, her head's bobbing faster than Tyson's speedbag, but they, you know, sorry, this is my southern affirmisms, but yeah, it's, you know, they all ended this sexual depravity. Dennis Haster was right in little boys. He was the house speaker. And yeah, these, all these people, by the way, who are accusing people of being terrible purple, because they're supposedly a rapist or they touch the girl in college. They gave her an inappropriate hug. They went up to her in the hallway in high school in 1983 and gave her a hug. These are all people to go to Epstein's Island. Well, you know, I got that list. Well, let's get out of here. Right here. Case first. Yeah, let's bust our heads first. And we'll do it again. Send it straight to talk. We can't see it, but that's the map right on the wall. And Matt Gates was right about that. It's not just about all the billionaires this stuff who got compromised around that map. Is it about?  the receipts on the other side. What were they blackmailing them to do and who has been a benefiting from it? Yeah, that's what makes there right now. I'm not going to get in trouble. I'll wait till your court's over. That will definitely bring the hammer down. What about the new FBI director? What do you think about him? They're talking about cash. Cash? No, at Ratcliffe at CIA too. Like all of the ones, even though people are like, it's always an impression. It's better than Christopher Ray. It's better that you were just talking about Epstein. It's better than William Burns. He's an Epstein client. Yeah, it's better than some of the whoever it is. Like even Rubio, who I can't stand, infinitely better than Anthony Blinken. Yeah, infinitely better. Let's see how it plays out. Hopefully we can get the job done and get America back and extend the American experiment for a while.  because it was on the ropes, bro. It was on the ropes. But thanks for coming on. I super appreciate it. I'm going to make sure I know you've done a few tweets on Gates as well. I'm going to retweet a few of them. Everyone follow follow Mr. Reynolds and be done. I case we just did the Cliffnote version. I'm going to make a proper video about it later because it's comical how stupid some of these things were they were paying prostitutes to Venmo and say here's $600 for groceries. He's like the John Gotti of dumb Florida crime like wanting to get caught or something. It's so bad. Wow. Incredible. It's great. Stay in touch. Peace. Thanks, gee. So it seems that Connor was set up primarily because he intended on running for president. And it seems that the only people who managed to get any power in the Western world nowadays besides Trump, which has just pulled off a miracle because it was too big to rig, are people who have no interest in doing what they're supposed  to do for the benefit of their constituents. People who work for the big banks, for the shadow governments, people who work for these LGBT global homo secret agendas. And anyone who talks against them gets accused of sexual crime. Yeah, us included. And anyone who believes it is complicit. These people could not do it if you didn't believe it. And that's why as a man, you have to stand up and resist to absolutely. Let's talk about the popularity for a second of Kierstarmer. Kierstarmer just won a general election. Now we have the biggest petition in history to renew this is alive. One, one point, two million people begging for another election because all he has done is send money to Ukraine while taking money away from British people, raising taxes, locking you up for Facebook posts and sending all your money off your bankrupting country away to another fucking foreign war. And who asked for that? And if anyone doesn't know who Jimmy Savill is, Jimmy Savill along with Ralph Harris are potentially England's most prolific and most well known pedophiles. And the interesting thing about Jimmy Savill is,  but he completely got away with it. He completely got away with it because he worked for the BBC. He molested hundreds of children. There were thousands of complaints against him, but there was a prosecutor back when Jimmy Savile was alive. I mean, after he died, it all came out. But back when he was alive, there was a public prosecutor who worked for the Crown Prosecution Service who had all these hundreds of thousands of complaints from parents and kids about physical rape on behalf of this horrible pedophile, Jimmy Savile. And this public prosecutor said, you know what? Nah, there's not. It's against Jimmy. Let's just let Jimmy stay free. What was that guy's name? I thought we could find a video of him. Is it transphobic to say only women have a cervix? Well, it is something that shouldn't be said. It is not right, but Andrew, I don't think there is enough of you should not have said that. Can you explain to people watching why she should not have said that? Andrew, I don't think that we can just go through various things that people say, Rosie Duffield. There you go. Not only women have cervixes, he allows pedophiles to...  get away with Pidafilia, he sends all the money to Ukraine to go into war, is it nobody's interested in? Hope Russia with the threat of the British army when Russia could take out England in the press of six buttons and everyone's gonna die because he is a warm-ungering loser who defends pedophile. And there's the largest petition in history, please sign it, petition everyone calling for a new general election because he's the most unpopular Prime Minister in history. Yeah. In history, remember. He's not accused of rape. Oh, that's good. That's good. Thank God. I'm gonna end the show with a very important topic. Andrew, what do you think should happen to these women who falsie accused men of rape? I think they should serve the same punishment the man would have served if he was found guilty. Yes. So, I want to make something very clear. People talk about false accusers all the time and rape does happen. Sad part of the world. It happens every single day. It's been happening a lot more in Europe in the last 30 years. I can't think why though. I can't think why. But lots of rape. Nothing to do with the immigration. But rape does happen all the time.  time. Now, if a woman accuses a man of rape, our law and our judicial system is far from perfect. Sometimes rapists will be found not guilty when they did in fact rape someone. I'm smart enough to know that that does happen. And that itself is not proof of a fake allegations. Of a man is accused of rape and it goes to trial. Sorry, let me start again. If a man is accused of rape, they should keep his name anonymous, like they keep the woman's name anonymous. If he's found guilty, then say his name. If he's not found guilty, the whole thing should go away. Men's name should be kept anonymous when accused because unfortunately it's guilty until proven innocent with this crime. But here's the way it typically works. A man is accused of rape. Public humiliation, ashamed by his community, ashamed by his people. If he's famous, the media shames this man. If he's found not guilty, there will be some cases where the man actually maybe did something wrong so the woman can't immediately be locked up.  Of course, women who accuse men of rape and the man is found not guilty, I feel like it should be the man's Part or the man's legal teams part to bring forward evidence that it was in fact a purposeful fake accusation That is a separate crime the man being found not guilty does not mean she's guilty of a fake accusation You need evidence she made a fake accusation. There needs to be a trial She made a fake accusation and then she needs to go to jail You know that reminds me of these chat logs that were pulled from a certain accuser's phone I'm gonna just read them out very quickly now keep in mind my case. I'm accused by two women two women made a false Accusation against me Everybody else is a corrupt opportunistic Thieving prosecutor and he said oh there is victims too and these women have all defended me You've seen them on my ex-page the woman with a short blonde hair whose name I can't say Shouting at the media saying it's a fake case. She's not a victim. These are just pretend but two women did a  fact, accused me of something. Let me read out some of their text messages that are going to be seen very soon by a Florida Court of Law, not civil law. Hey, are you ready for tomorrow? Are you a good actress? Yeah, I've practiced. Perfecto. Listen, just play it cool. Like you don't know that they've been rated. I'm going to pull some tears. Yeah, good advice. Let's play dumb. We are so good. We need a fucking Oscar. All right, play it cool. When we get out of here, I'll use a fake name. So I will not be Googled by the media. LOL got it. Yeah, I'd love to be like saying a nice message to them and that we aren't hurt and shit like that. And then see what happens when the police get to their house. Blah blah blah. So they think we're still on their side. Listen, we need to play the victim. Ha ha ha. I mean, we are aren't we, wink face. Wait, what? Listen.  Tomorrow, we should wear makeup and sunglasses, so nobody notices what we look like and so we can look sad. Yeah, I guess. Oh my god, this is like a movie. Yep, we should get our own Netflix series because of this. These are text messages, which have been in the hands of my prosecutor since day 1, April 6th, 2022. These messages were pulled from their phones by my prosecutor. This is evidence of a false accusation. I have much more than this and these people will be going to fucking jail by hook or by crook. The moral arc of the universe bends towards justice. The corrupt prosecutor who tried to make a career on our backs and these lying women will see the inside of a jail cell.  So friends that's it. Oh, you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video and we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew and I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see a video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Andrew date. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only way. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly. So let's see it. See you again. Goodbye. 