 When I was 20 me and my girlfriend broke up I was over four years. I Couldn't sleep. I could and this is before social media. You couldn't just chase them like That was it. She's gone now She moved I don't know where she lived that was it and I couldn't sleep now I wasn't like I was crying my eyes out, but I was just Where's my my I couldn't sleep eat something else to do these something else to do so I thought Jim 6 a.m. Jim 3 p.m. Jim at 8 p.m. I had nothing else to do but fight So I took all that trauma all that heartbreak and I molded into becoming a world-level combat, right? So there's nothing what do we talk earlier about how trauma can mold you a trauma could be a fantastic thing heartbreak Depression sadness these are all fantastic motovirus You're just I'm telling you why they're a fantastic motor you go to a guy's heartbroken He has all the motivation the world to send 300 text messages He has the motivation. He's putting it in the wrong place. That's 300 cold emails  How do you could have made? Some people only learn the hard way, especially men. God gives us, God's actually very nice, because I believe God gives us a whole bunch of chances to learn a lesson the easy way. It's called life. Of course, he'll give you, think of the, think of the harshest lesson. You didn't have to say what it is, but think of the harshest lesson you've had in the last few years. I think of how many times you had the easy way to learn that lesson. You could have just stopped being a dickhead before it got bad. Think of how many times you could have just woke up and go, nah, we don't do it. We were like, ah, we're going away with it. It's fine. And then bam, you get hit. There's only two ways to learn lessons, hard and harder. If you're smart, you take it the hard way. Real idiots, take it the hardest way. But there's no easy way to learn lessons. Life's going to hurt you and how you use that pain is completely and hardly up to you. You can use that pain to galvanize yourself as a man and become a better man you've ever been. I'm not saying that I'm only successful because of some chick. I'm saying that every single time the eye was heartbroken, I never wasted a second. I was never wallow. That's what I was saying. I said this, like anybody who tries to get revenge on a woman.  a woman. It's a urine, that's in-cell energy. That's that's a wrong way of looking at it. The only revenge you can get on a woman who breaks your heart is success. Success is the best for me. Just level up slowly when she messages you. You got two choices. You're gonna say, sorry baby, you're not my type anymore. Boom, you win. Oh, so that's the answer to the question. Put a plan together for the heartbreak if it comes and make sure that plan is constructive. Yeah. Everything we've been saying on this podcast is true. Trauma's going to come, pain to the common, you have to use it in a constructive way. I'm not telling you to tell him to avoid the pain. I'm saying that when it comes, make sure it's used in a constructive way. And still to this day, that's all I would ever do. If something bad happened to me and I got really upset, I would find the most constructive possible outlet. And that's a conscious decision. You have to have the emotional control to make a conscious decision in that direction. I had a unlucky upbringing or my girl left me or that it's someone else's fault. If I take responsibility, like, take tells me the not only idea of absolute exclusivity and absolute loyalty becomes less important to the female because of his other accolades. That's a fact.  King every Sultan, read the Bible, every warlord, and a bunch of women. Why? This was the warlord. The fucking shit luncheon didn't, but the warlord did. That's just the way the warlord always been. There is a distinction. It's used to talk. I don't know. I'm not saying all men can do it, but that's also my message. I don't come and I don't say to all men how much girls. I don't say that. I say you better become a man. All I can tell you is what it's like up here and how I got here. If you're telling me you're adamant on staying down there, then don't cry that that you're lonely because I don't know that life. That they can accept whatever they want. Women are the gatekeepers. It's a it's a free market and women are the gatekeepers. Women have all the choice. If they want to get a guy who doesn't fuck nothing else, they can go get some other guy. Women have all the options in the world. So if if I last week goes on my yacht in Croatia, there's me, my brother, and like 30 girls, all the girls who get messages, why are you there? I want to be here. I want to be here. I'm not being allowed to use that against my will. That's their decision to make. How arrogant and narcissistic must you be as a random individual.  Especially a male, a random unattractive male with no girlfriend. To message an attractive woman and tell her that what she's doing, she thinks wrong. For being with me and my brother on a yacht, and that she should instead want him playing video games at home. We're at a level of delusion are you operating under? To even believe that that's a paradigm of reality. I have choices. If a girl says to me, I don't like you, no problem. Thank God, one less WhatsApp conversation. Goodbye, have a nice life. Nice to meet you. It doesn't matter to me, right? So the men who are successful with women are not the dangers. It's the men who are unsuccessful with women who are the dangers. Been wanting things that the women think they want things, and then they get them and they leave the do. Women don't have a clue what they want. I want a guy who's sweet and sensitive and takes care of my knees and thinks about me. But they're all out there, none of you are with them. Why? Because women don't want that. Women don't actually want that. Women want to be with a man they respect. Women are only going to enjoy the time with and end up feeling and love with a man they genuinely respect. And unfortunately, to be respected, some of the qualities.  are detrimental to the overall relationships, let's say happiness. I know loads of women hurt with a dude they hate, but they respect it. Like, I know, he makes me so mad, but he is the chief. And they stay with it. As opposed to the woman who's like, well, he's so nice to me, but you know. And leaves. So women need to respect you as a man. How's the woman gonna respect you as a man if no other girl wants you? How's the woman gonna respect you as a man if you're putting her above all your boys? How's the woman gonna respect you as a man if an iron to streets make a money? How's the woman gonna respect you as a man if you don't respect yourself or other men don't respect you? Respect is linked to fear. How's the woman gonna respect you as a man if people don't fear you? Does the problem with all these dudes out here? These nerds will make a little bit of money and wonder why their chicks still leave them because you're just a rich nerd now. You're still a dog. You can still raise your voice and nobody give a shit. I'll still run up on you and take everything you got. Like, you have to be a man worth respecting. And that's extremely difficult to do. And if you're gonna do all those things, it's very, very hard to become a man worth respecting. Sitting at home.  For the longest period of human time for a man to be respected, for him to even be admired by society on any level, to some degree he had to be a warrior. What's up, men did, we fall. Right. So what then did we fall? So if you're out here as a man and you have no battle in your life, no conquest in your life, no form of war in your life, then what you did did, and it doesn't have to be physical. Physical is the best example of it. Everyone wants a boxer or a cage fire. Of course you do. So every woman wants a boxer or a cage fire, but this is to testament to the problem of the modern world, right? Right. Every single man watching this knows that women wants fires. Every single man watching this would love to be able to say he's a fire, but 99% of the men watching this will not go fight, because they are afraid. They're all cowards. They'll make up every male loyalty, masculine loyalty is completely misunderstood. All these dudes out here who are at home with their wife, thinking they're loyal, you're not loyal. Loyalty is having options and returning to the same place, not only having one option. They're very different things. If I walk into the store and they only sell apples and I buy an apple, I'm not...  I don't have a choice. Loyalty is walking in the store where they sell all the food. I buy apples six days a week. Occasionally I get a big fat pineapple, and I go back to apples the day after. That's loyalty. Without choice, there's no loyalty. So most of these dudes and most women who say he's loyal, he's loyal, he's lame, and he can't get nothing else. That's not loyal. Loyal is a dude who has all those options and still is in love with you. That's what loyalty is. The masculine loyalty is completely misconstrued and misunderstood anyway. Truth is, most of these dudes are talking about being loyal. They couldn't get something else that their life depended on. Nobody wants. But the fact that he is sexual exclusive to you means that for some reason we don't know why yet, there's a human metric in which he does not excel in every form. So you can go out there and like I said, Toyota's are really reliable. Ferraris are unreliable. You might go out there and get yourself a nice BMW. That's sure. That's fine. Unless he doesn't exist. You can go yourself and have BMW. I don't like BMWs. Well, that's what you're aiming for. No. Ferrari pulls up next door when I.  I'm going to meet your dude. I'm going to be like, yeah, he's all right, but I'm not going to let's an 100 million out. No. I'll bring you around. I'll bring you around. I'll bring you around. Maybe I'll have money, but he'll lack somewhere else. So this is my point. Is that the true masculine and true, in the realm of true masculine excellence, one of the benefits of such a sexual exclusivity, because females, you have so many choices. Most men out here have no choice. And the very few men who are at the peak of the human experience of a man have all the choice. And to find a man who has all the choice, which is extremely rare amongst males, like less than 1%, and say, you're going to be with me and me only. It's hard. It's hard. Why would you do that? Why would you do that? I don't think so at all, because you can look at some very, very wealthy men that are getting destroyed in divorce courts. The richest man in the world just got destroyed. And you can look at guys who are unable to provide security, but they give it to a lot of fun, like the gardener, who's banging the old rich wife. So I think women are just completely notly motivated by their emotions. And if you can spike an emotion in them.  one way or another, then you're gonna have, you're gonna be able to affect her in a positive way. I think even, I've said this time and time again, even if a woman hates you, you're in a better position than if she's apathetic towards you. Women are generally apathetic towards men. They ignore men, they don't answer their messages, they don't care about anything. If you can get any emotion out of a girl, even if it's hate, you're gonna be all right then. Men's attention no longer has value. In the 1950s and 60s, if a girl got the attention of a good looking guy, it meant something. Because how many times can she get the attention of a good looking guy, she walks down the street, whatever. In the world of Instagram and Facebook and social media, a girl's getting blown up. So what does your attention have? Your attention has no value. So the way you give it value is one becoming a higher value man, but another way you have to make sure your attention has values, you don't throw it away. This is why I see all the time. I get message after message from guy in the friend zone. I'm like, the friend zone is basically, I'm giving away all my attention without getting any sex in return. It's society, if society respects you, females respect you by it.  extension and there's lots of ways you can do that. Obviously having money helps with that, having a good job, helps with that, having a nice apartment, nice car, obviously helps with that, being in good shape, helps with that, being smart, being witty, all these things help. But this is the reality of life as a man, is that you have to build your value. People say to me all the time, oh yeah, take you get girls. I said, I got girls because I became a kickboxing world champion. That's thousands of hours in the gym. I wasn't born with some magic. I'm not wrong, Jeremy. I wasn't born with some tool. You know, I was like, I had to do it myself. So you have to build it as a man. It's just an unfortunate reality. If you're not prepared to do any work at all, you're gonna suffer. And that's just a reality of life as a man. And on top of that, one of the easiest ways to be a man worthy of respect is to refuse to take disrespect. I see so many guys who let women just respect them all day long. I agree, women shit test men. And you have to be able to handle that and deal with it in a very, you know, conservative way. So you can't flip out and be crazy. But I've been on dates with girls where they've just pushed it too far. I've been sitting there and they're like, oh, you  guys like you think this and blah blah just insulting me basically after about five minutes. I was extremely glad I said look I'm sorry you're an independent woman so you can pay for your food. I'm interested in seeing too any longer I'm leaving. And when I left I've never had a girl chase me so hard. And guys take this crap from girls all the time. I see it all the time. Girls making fun of them or girls on a day or a girl talking to other guys while she has a boyfriend. I mean I know the modern world says that's cool. To me that's absolutely disrespect. You're with me and you love me and you want to text this dude all day. I'm gonna supposed to sit here and let you. She's testing your caliber as a man. You either stand up and say get out my house and I never want to see you again or stop texting that guy. And if you don't stand up as a man it's only a matter of time as I disrespect. My view and this is why I'm seen as an extremist is that my view the only happy relationship that can possibly exist is with a man leading in a man in charge. Any other relationship is always misery. If someone breaks I'll ask you a question if you're laying in bed with your girlfriend and someone breaks in the house who has to go downstairs and risk their life to defend.  and the other. We do. So if I ask you for a cup of coffee at dinner and you want to complain, to me, I'm like, so I have to risk my life if someone breaks in here. Someone tries to rape you on the street. I'm the one who's gonna die protecting your honor, but you have a problem making a cup of coffee. So if you allow her to blatantly disrespect you and you tolerate that, then you're setting a precedent, which means, well, why would I respect this guy in the first place? I say this to guys all the time. I've had loads of guys with people like coaching and stuff, they say, you know, my woman doesn't respect me, and I say, look, it's much harder to fix something that's broken than just never let it go wrong in the first place. It's from the second you got together, you should have been a man, and you can be, you have a, I'll be an asshole, you have a, be aggressive. I'll sit with a girl and very politely say, look, if we're gonna be in a relationship, well, I'm gonna take you seriously. We're not gonna have a male friend. If you wanna hang around with a whole bunch of men, then I'm not gonna take you seriously. What do you mean you won't take me seriously? I mean, we can, I'm never gonna look at you as serious material. So the idea of the decision is on you. If you wanna be serious.  You're not gonna talk to those guys. You want to talk to those guys, I'll fuck you sometimes. You decide. And I lay on them. Now if they choose to keep all their male friends, then that means she's chosen new friendships over me, which means sooner or later she was gonna cheat anyway. Like how long until she jumps on a dude? So why would I even be upset about it? But most men are too scared to just put the ultimate in them. Which more shit has to be done. That's when the amazing things happen in my life. When I was heartbroken, when I was whatever, everyone's been heartbroken. I can't remember a specific example. I hit the gym harder, right? If something goes wrong with your pain and process, that's when you get fucking invented. That's business, right? That's when you get inventive. So all the bad things that happened to you as a man, if you're stoic, you get to take unlimited energy. And it's actually interesting because a lot of men want to brag to women, because we want to show status. So you want to sit there and brag about all the good things you do. But there is a downside to that. There is a degree of downside. I was in Moldova. No, I think that back. I was in Constanto, Romania nine years ago before I moved there. And I was in a club.  And I must have been the only foreign person in the club. And there was 11 out with 10 moldo. Most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. And I went over and I tried to talk to her and she said, yeah, I only drink champagne. And at the time I didn't have that much money. So I only drink champagne. Well, I'm finished drinking for the night. It's very nice to meet you. I couldn't afford to ball the champagne for the styling. So it's like, I don't have an, I'm finished drinking for the night. It's very nice to meet you. What's your name? It's okay. Nice to meet you. Left the club, whatever. Next day I came, I saw her on this table, champagne show, champagne show, champagne show. Next table, champagne show. And while she was doing all this, we were kind of catching each other's eye, looking a little bit, then it, a couple of times I caught her at lunch, consensus like a beach town. I caught her lunch, I spoke for a little bit. And she kept asking me for champagne. I was like, listen, you are absolutely gorgeous. I think you and I are going to have a long, happy, future together, but I'm not going to buy you champagne. Heartbreak is unlimited energy. So is depression, so is rage, so is sadness. All these negative emotions they tell you to collapse behind. It's like, people talk like Bruce Lee says, be like war. And people see that as be flu.  it and just go with the flow. I disagree. If you're like water, you are your necessary for life. You are scary when you're enraged. You're powerful. You're beautiful when you're calm. You're so many things when you're like water. So if I'm enraged, it's like water behind a dam. You just gotta put the dam in place. You go get the turn on the hydroelectric but don't sonar me. You're like, put the energy somewhere. I don't like it. If I don't like something, that's enough. I don't need any more justification than I don't like it. Right? I think a lot of guys don't get that. Maybe you can help there. One is that this is the most important thing is that women are never seen. A woman is never seen. The idea of a woman for like a man going six or seven months without talking to dating, fucking an ex, messaging some guy. They are constantly either talking to a guy sleeping with a guy. Even if they're not fucking anyone, they're talking to five or six guys on Instagram.  are never single, which means every single time you get a girl, you're taking her from other guy. She likes you the most, which also means that even if she's with you, when she's around other men, she's still potable. Would you want your girl being friends with me? No, you wouldn't, because you know what I'm going to do. So this is the first thing. So women are never single. So this is why the idea of her hangar, the bunch of dudes is not except one person. And she's going to come out and go, they're just my friends. You may pretend to think they don't want to see because you know they, you may pretend to think that, but they don't view you as a friend. It's the first thing. The second thing, women will come out and say, why are you jealous? I say, no, I'm not jealous. I'm territorial about things I care about. For the same reason, she goes, well, but don't you trust me? Says nothing to do with trust. I trust the locks on my Lamborghini, but I wouldn't let people try and break in. I'd say, get some fuck away from my car. Right. So for the same.  reason even though I trust the security system on my car and I trust even though I don't trust or I'll say I trust your internal security system I'm not gonna let people be disrespectful to me as a man and openly try and poach something that's mine That's what respectful I'll message you. We sit in the same room. What's up? Los lip sync ships. It's a matter of you doing nothing wrong Don't be careful who you're talking around they listen into shit and in the modern world they record shit Like you don't want to what's even if it's a 0.1% chance, but what's the upside? Like that. There's no upside. It's why take the 1% chance risk reward You know, I'm very very careful and especially with women not because they're necessarily malicious Because women in general don't have to worry about certain things I'm talking about with terms of professionalism There's a whole bunch of beautiful smart great women out there who just go for life And they're just Instagram. I never where they go and they for other keys and doot doot doot doot doot doot If she's too close to your circles. She's just an in to get you and you gotta be careful It's amazing whether it's the 1970 Soviet spies or the 2022  mafia when they want to get a dude it's a chick you either send a new chick or you watch his old chick or you find his girlfriend even about me hundred today the cells want to buy the police they couldn't find who's his girl and and the women I associate with have enough respect for me to go okay I don't know fine just I love you look when they arrested El Chapo's girl didn't she say I didn't know is a criminal those are chefs some shit perfect perfect she has not like anymore he's a chef he's a chef he's a chef he's a billionaire chef what what didn't happen though like I said earlier is when you have experience with lots of different apples you know what a good one the bad one is so when we say we all had that girl we messed up when we were young if I found another girl with those qualities I certainly wouldn't mess it up if you just need you need experience to understand what you have to value it if you don't have experience you don't value what you have so the original questions are really good one of whether men are are chained and enslaved by their desires whether they need you  I need to seek lots of women. I think in the modern world you need experience. You need choices and you need options. But if you live by the sword, you die by the sword. If you're going to be the guy who's also out there in the club and seeking lots of girls, talking lots of girls, there's going to be time to lose a girl that you don't want to lose. You can't be a coward about it. You live by the sword, you die by the sword. There's up and down, there's rain and sunshine. You'd have to be that man who's going to go through it all. And then when you've been through enough of it, like I have, like I said, if I find a beautiful girl now who's a 10 and deletes and doesn't want Instagram, that's worth more than me than a thousand students. But yeah, well, emotions are feedback. The idea that men don't feel emotions is incorrect. We feel emotions. I would actually argue, we feel emotions. In certain emotions, stronger than women, I would argue that we feel heartbreak stronger than women. I would argue we feel anger, like a woman could never understand. I would argue we are extremely emotional. Rage. Rage, pure rage. It's feedback. So when you get the feedback, it's all about how you internalize that and how you process it. It's having stoicism's not not feeling emotions. It's feeling the emotion going, OK.  Why is this happening? How much does this really matter? What's the most intelligent move on the chest? I'm just gonna say, all of this is my fault. But the Bugatti on my drive is mine. And the y'all is my fault, private jets. So it's all my fault. So I take the good with the bad. I take all responsibility for absolutely everything. Including, if a woman leaves me, if a woman stays, if I end up heartbroken, if I end up filled with rage, I take responsibility. If something happens to me, that makes me enraged, I will take responsibility. Why has this happened to me? Why do I feel this way? How did I end up in this position? Is this healthy in this scenario? And sometimes it is. If you lose, no matter how well you play, if you lose, at some point you made a mistake. You lose the most minor mistake. You made a mistake. So you learn to understand that no matter what happens to you, if you lose a scenario, you made a mistake. I've had scenarios in my life where I was prepared to die to protect somebody else. And I was enraged and it was healthy. I've also had time for a minute of room by myself. I enraged. And there going this is no comfort anybody. I enraged. I enraged. And there going this is no comfort anybody. I enraged.  and you just call it the fuck down. So emotions are feedback, but stoicism is the ability to process. And that's what you need to be learned as a man. You're never gonna be able to turn them off. You're gonna feel them. You have to learn how to turn, you have to learn how to process them and turn them into a positive. It's energy, it's unlimited energy. I say this all the time. I say that the biggest periods of transformation in my life is when everything was going wrong. When my life was going good, when life's smooth, that's then it's semi-head and it's thick, pretty relaxed. But when I make my biggest progress, when I really change who I am and change the world, that's when everything's fucked. When things go wrong or I'm feeling things I don't wanna feel or bad things are happening, that's when I'm like, okay, I concur, I currently can not swim. I've completed the day's tasks, I've tried to go to bed, I can't swim. People messaged me all the time, like, oh, but take you, don't know how sad I feel. No, it's incorrect. I know exactly how sad. Differences I used it. When you're sitting here still crying, some random guy on email for the fuck the third month in a row, that's the difference between you and me, my friend. I was...  coming in real champion kickball sir. And she kept asking me for champagne. I was like listen you are absolutely gorgeous. I think you and I are going to have a long and happy future together by not good advice. Tell you why later but mystery. I can't tell you broke right? Mystery speak. I'm going to tell you why I don't buy champagne later. It's a long and interesting story. Once I can trust you I want to tell you why. You can trust me now. I will tell you not yet to sign off. Sign off. Anyway, as we got to know each other across the summer eventually when we became friends she came clean. She works at the club. She has a commission on champagne. Of course. Of course. The girls at the club. They're buying champagne for this thing. She gets a commission for a ball. What was interesting is this. She had on her phone a system. So she'd meet you. You buy your drinks the first night. You go a separate date the second night you buy your drinks. Third day she'd send a pre-decide already in her notes how you live far away and she can't fall in love again. She's going to be one man in her whole life. She falls in love with you. She's going to have her heart broken and she's scared.  and then she'll ghost you for three days. Then eventually after begging, you'll get her back, but she wants to come, but not on her own, because she's scared she wants to bring free friends and she'll book this restaurant, she wants to bring this. Boom, a commission, commission, commission. And she'll show me on her Facebook message. Every dude, playbook, every fucking guy, I don't know if that was deliberately driven by heartbreak. I think I was just younger and I had less serious motivations and I was less than I was with his famous and I wasn't as rich and I was less interested in... So, it's not just my current situation that makes me say this. I would say this to any man. If your woman wouldn't wait for you, if you went to jail five years, why are you with her? Why? If she wouldn't wait, I know she's hot, I know she's funny, I know she makes you laugh. But if you can't sit in that jail cell with 100% certainty that she's not out with her friends, them in her ear, talking shit, watching sex and see, whatever it is and her ending up with some other guy, why are you even buying her day off? Why are you even buying her day off for sex? Like that.  loyalty to me is the only thing left that's valuable. When I'm interested we're in jail. We're sentencing. We have so much better than most guys. Because most guys in jail, imagine you're a normal person you go to jail. Who's feeding your family? Who's paying the rent? Who's feeding your kids? I said, Tristan, we're in jail. We're suffering. Everybody we love is good. I'm a man. I'm supposed to suffer. I'll sit here with the cockroaches. That means all my kids eat. Everyone I care about eats. My mother's fed. My mother has a house roof over her head. Everybody has everything they want. Only person suffering is me. I'll take that all day. Most men who go to jail can't say that. Another thing that gave me absolute peace of mind is the women who love me are waiting for me. Imagine you go to jail and you're completely heads over heels and love with a woman but you know deep in your heart she's out in the club and she's instilable. You talk about we talk about thoughts you can't get out of your head in jail. If you had the nagging thought in your head I loved her. She cheated on me before. Maybe she should  again she's written me in three days and then plus jail. That's why they're all crying. That's why all the men in there were sobbing. They're wives and they're fucking someone else or the bills ain't paid. It's not just his situation, it's everything else. So now if you're gonna say to me, what do I respect in a woman? I respect a woman who's gonna wait for me. I have no interest in a woman. She's funny, she's cool, she's hot, don't care. Don't care. Is she going to wait for me? And I also know because of my experience, which one's wood and which one's wood. I'm not stupid. Because they all say they would. They'll all say the way because they're on the jack. But I know which ones are lying. Because enough women have lied to me. I've seen it. So you do need that experience, but once you have the experience, you start looking for completely other things. And there's two choices. I either care about you and I'm terrible. Well, I don't care about you and I'm not. Exactly. You can make the choice. If you really want to hang on those dudes, I might have been saying we can't talk. I'm not saying that no problem. But don't let me give a fuck about you in the way I could give a fuck.  And when you tell women, this is one of the key things. When you tell women, I will care about you less if you act x-way. It's very hard for them to act that way because they want you to care. They want that emotional energy for them. You're like, you're making a choice. It's gonna end in a detriment to how much I give a fuck about you. And if they make that choice, you have to act accordingly. If she makes that choice, and you keep acting like you love her, then she ain't gonna feel it. She has to feel it. You know? This is the second thing about the whole thing. That's really crazy. This whole male friend's thing. Third thing, it's never been normal. This is some new think bullshit. And then I, these are the seven, these, it's never been normal. And I always say, I always say to girls, I say, does your mother hang around with a bunch of guys? So what do you mean? Well, your mother's with your dad most. Yeah. Is your mom, your mom's with your dad. What would your dad say if your mom went out and went out part and you were with you? I say that. And they actually go, yo, no, no. They actually, the idea of their mother doing that, actually offends them. Right. And they're like, that's not. So, so what the fuck are you doing?  First things first is that going through a breakup sucks and every single man out here no matter what they say understands how bad it is to go through a breakup and understands what heart breaks like. It's difficult, it's not easy. I'd actually like to argue that men feel more heartbroken than women. I think that's... I think it's true and I think it's because one of the possessive element that we have, the idea of her being with someone else hurts more than the idea of you being with someone else to her. And secondly, because you have a lot less options than she has instantly. So I think that breakup is worse for men than the are for women and I understand how difficult and hard they can be. However, unfortunately, the unfortunate reality is that chasing her and being dedicated to her and saying you're going to do whatever she wants, etc. is very unlikely to work. It's very unlikely to work and you have to look at the scenario you're in, look at the chest board and make the best possible move. When you're a heartbroken, you... True, when you're truly heartbroken, you can't even sleep and your mind is constantly preoccupied. And instead of seeing that as a negative, what you need to do is use that as a source of unlimited.  power. If I was truly heartbroken today, let's imagine, and I could barely sleep, I'd be in better shape than I've ever been. I'd train like a fucking animal. You have to just take the energy inside of you. Energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted, whether it's heat into light or the momentum into friction or whatever, whatever you, however you want to put it, right? Energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted from one form to another. And you have to look at that and understand that the sadness inside of you is energy. You can't destroy it, but you can convert it into something else which is constructive and you just have to suck it up by copying it over it. And there's no other way to do it. And obviously having abundance of women makes that easier, but I wouldn't even put it that way. I'd say if you were with a woman and you lost her and you're now lonely and she's going to be moving on and you're absolutely heartbroken and you're destroyed inside, I understand how difficult that is, but now you have genuine sadness inside of you, which is unlimited motivation for you to become a fucking beast, becoming an animal. And by the time you're finished becoming an animal, you won't care anymore. So if you really want to cure yourself, you can just say, I'm going to get six pack and I'm going to get bigger arms. By the time I arms are this size and I have six pack, then I'm going to think about that.  You don't give a shit about her anymore. That's just the way the world works. You are failing. You're self and God. That's why she left you, Aiden. That's why she left you. That's why I failed God. I'm correct. You're failing God. If you were the best version of yourself and you were waking up every day trying your absolute best to be unique and special individual, then you would not be failing God any longer and you would not play you with this bad luck. Now you're sitting here upset over some bitch who has replaced you and you deserve it. So what do I do, Andrew? I've told you what to do. I told you what to do since we've ever started fucking talking. I told you to become a man of substance. It's actually very interesting the masculine experience because I like to believe that most men on the planet have lived a semi-similar timeline. All of us as men experience a very similar human paradigm and that is that most men are born and you're not important and then you go to school and you fall in love with some girl in school and you fuck someone else and then you realize that all the 19 year olds you want when you're 19 are with older dudes because they have cars or whatever they're...  And you go through this experience of getting your heart broken and losing your girlfriend, etc. And many men latch on to some average bitch or accept their enough of the heart broken forever But some men decide to become so big and important and strong and irreplaceable They never have to suffer heartbreak again because every man digels with heartbreak and deals with sadness But how you use that energy is the differentiation the differentiator between humans, right? You are feeling the same pain that many men have felt. We man out there's had his heart broken and understands how difficult it is as a man But the difference between me and you and perhaps the other man out there is that certain men take that anguish and take that sadness and understand the energy cannot be destroyed It can only be converted and use it to build themselves into a man of absolute Standing and power as opposed to sitting around jerking off like you just told me you do you are a waste You are wasting your energy heartbreak is unlimited motivation if I was heartbroken It's been a very long time, but if I was heartbroken I'd be in the gym every morning. I'd be a beast I'd be running I'd be working I couldn't sleep I'd be an absolute animal and your heartbroken What are you doing jerking off?  like a fucking dumbass. The difference is, as a man, you must build yourself into a man of credibility, which means to build yourself into a man of standing, we all start in a very fairly similar position. I became me through tedious, arduous, difficult, never-ending work. You are wasting your time. You know why God made your girl leave you? Because he wanted to show you that you ate shit. You want to show you that you are human and you're fallible and that you're very replaceable. So he decided to make you fall in love with the girl and he decided to make her leave you. To show you that you are a dickhead. Now it is your job to look at the board, understand what's happened, say, I understand God, I deserve that. I'm glad she left me and I'm sad because I am a dickhead and do something about it. Because if you refuse, if you ignore God's message, next time you fall in love with a bitch, guess what he's gonna do? He's gonna make her leave you. To remind you once again that you are a dickhead, every single man out here of your upset that your girl's leaving you, God is reminding you that you aren't worth shit. You need to get up and work so hard that even in the eyes of God he is a...  God loves his creations, which show him their true potential in beauty by getting up and trying your absolute best and becoming a man of moral standing. He will reward you and bless you. If you continue to be a dickhead, God will remind you you're a dickhead. So God just broke your heart on purpose to show you that the way you're living your life and the man you are simply are not good enough. What have you changed since? Nothing, fucking nothing. You think God's going to forgive you for no reason. He's going to go, it's fine. He hasn't learned his lesson. He hasn't changed. He hasn't even tried very hard. He's not operating in the gym. He ain't doing nothing. It's fine. Let's just let him fall in love and let's make sure the girl doesn't fuck someone else on only fans this time. No, sir! This is going to repeat endlessly. It's a cycle that will not fucking change until you take the message from God and become the man you're supposed to be. You must stop being a dickhead. You deserve what's happened to you. You deserve how you feel. All of it. When I was 20, me and my girlfriend broke up. I was over four years. I couldn't sleep. I couldn't and this is before social media. You couldn't just chase...  a bitch like that was it she's gone now like she moved I know where she lived that was it and I couldn't sleep I wasn't like I was crying my eyes out but I was just where's my my ho-at I couldn't sleep eat something else to do eat something else to do so I thought fuck I'll hit gym 6 am but gym with 3 p.m. gym at 8 p.m. I have nothing else to do but fight so I took all that trauma all that heartbreak and I molded it into becoming a world-level combat right what do we talk earlier about how trauma can mold you a trauma could be a fantastic thing heartbreak depression sadness these are all fantastic motorbangers I'm telling you why they're a fantastic motorbiter you go to a guy's heartbroken he has all the motivation the world some 300 text messages he has the motivation he's putting it in the wrong place that's 300 cold emails yeah I'll tell you right now some of the greatest accomplishments in my life have come after a heartbreak absolutely yeah it's it's that fuck I call it fuck you anything take that and you're like I because some guys will get butt hurt about that and they'll sit there in the wallow in self-pity I've always thought the correct  application of that energy is okay, proof that she made a shitty mistake. Go out and become a fucking millionaire. Go out and become a kickboxer, go out and become a composer, whatever. And then she's gonna look around when she's 50 pounds heavier in a year's time. You're like, mother fucker. I left him. I let him go. And internally, up he had my ego, could be like, I got you. Life's gonna hurt you and how you use that pain is completely not allowed to you. You can use that pain to galvanize yourself as a man and become a better man you've ever been. I'm not saying that I'm only successful because of some chick. I was saying that every single time that I was heartbroken, I never wasted a second. I was never wallowed. Especially as a young man. We talked about this on the show. You're gonna get your heart broken as a young man. I've had it happen to me. We've all had it happen to us. And it's not even about anger towards a girl. Me and Tristan talked about this on the podcast that we did together, a German game. It's seven years later because of as a man, you're gonna get your value later. Right. So if you use that energy to put all that work in, these girls, they come back around. And I love to see them come back. I'm not being...  because I'm in love again, just because it's like, you know, I don't tell you. I don't tell you. Now, I said this, like, anybody who tries to get revenge on a woman, oh, on a woman, it's a urine, that's in cell energy, that's a wrong way of looking at it. The only revenge you can get on a woman who breaks your heart is success, success, the best revenge is level up slowly and when she messages you, you got two choices. You gotta say sorry, baby, you're not my type anymore. Boom, you win. So that's the answer to the question. Put a plan together for the heartbreak, if it comes and make sure that plan is to struck. Everything we've been saying on this podcast is true. Thomas is going to campaign to the company if you use it and construct it. Still to this day, that's all I wear. It's something bad happened to me and I got really upset. I would find the most constructive possible outlet. And that's a conscious decision. You have to have the emotional control to make a conscious decision in that version. Women fuck men, they respect. That's it. They don't fuck men, they like. They don't fuck men, they love. They fuck men, they respect. If she loves you and likes you and doesn't respect you, she will not have sex. I have women who respect me and fucking hate, but they're here.  every time I call. If they respect you, they're going to sleep. And this is affirming as biological and evolutionary. They fuck men they respect. So how do you make women respect you? Well, first you have to be worthy of respect. There's no hack if you're worthy of respect or worthy of respect. But secondly, you cannot allow blatant disrespect. So if you allow her to blatantly disrespect you and you tolerate that, then you're setting a precedent, which means, well, why would I respect this guy in the first place? I say this to guys all the time. I've had loads of guys and come people like coaching stuff. They say, you know, my woman doesn't respect me. And I say, look, it's much harder to fix something that's broken than just never let it go wrong in the first place. From the second you got together, you should have been a man and you can be you haven't got to be an asshole. You haven't got to be aggressive. I'll sit with a girl and very polite. You say, look, if we're going to be in a relationship, I'm going to take you seriously. We're not going to have male friends. If you want to hang around with a whole bunch of men, then I'm not going to take you seriously. What do you mean you want to take me seriously? I mean, we can fuck. I'm not going to be I'm never going to look at you as serious material. So the idea of the disease.  is on you. You want to be serious. You're not gonna talk to those guys. You want to talk to those guys. I'll fuck some friends. You decide. And I'd lay on them. Now if they choose to keep all their male friends, then that means she's chosen new friendships over me, which means sooner or later she was gonna cheat anyway. Like how long until she jumps on a new thick anyway. So why would I even be upset about it? But most men are too scared to just put the ultimate in them. And not, you haven't got to put the ultimate in them down to some scary, big, splash-way. Just be clear. Look, any woman I'm with who I take seriously doesn't hang around with them. So yeah. It's your choice. And this is the point. But most men don't say anything. They let it slide and they let it get completely broken. And they come to me and say, well, how do I fix it? It's like, you have to make it not let it get broken in the first place. You need to understand your boundaries and expectations as a man. And you have to set them. And you have to make sure she complies and sticks to them. And if she doesn't, you're gonna have to find somebody else. If you're stuck with one option, the one chick you met, you know, she might be a dickhead. Some women are just dickheads. The key is this is a man. This is the bottom bottom bottom bottom line. Most men.  Are not prepared to walk away and if you're not prepared to walk away You don't have any weapons if she knows no matter what you won't leave Then what weapons do you have anything you say shouting screaming yelling going going out away for a few days Whatever she knows you're gonna come back. She you have no weapons the second Imagine a girl came to you and she said no matter what you do. How can she cheat me? What did I? I will never never leave He can always shit you do I know I do Yeah, so it's a point so as a man if you're never prepared to walk away You're never going to be respected respect and the woman thinking you know what you might just need Our link They have to be there So you have to mean what you say you have to let her know look for some things that won't tolerate and if you're Focusing on her walk away and if you walk away and she doesn't chase you then then she's gone I at least just saved yourself fucking nasty divorce and getting cheated on and all that shit And then in there  and save yourself a much of time, but men are too afraid to pull the plug on it, because they get addicted to the pussy and they don't believe they can get any more pussy and they all messed up. But you have to be prepared to walk away as a man, so you have to look at any relationship you're in and say, okay, I'm a nice guy, I love her, she loves me, but I have boundaries and she fucks with him, I'm gonna have to walk. That's the truth, otherwise you're never gonna do this thing. I've been head over heels and love with women. I'm left though, and never got back, and they never knew. Yeah? Or life. That's how I go. I've been head over heels and love with women, I didn't want to lose them, and they weren't listening, so I walked away, and they didn't chase me, and I lost them, but that's it. My honor is intact, my pride's intact, and now I don't give a fucking work as time's taking for that slide. So it's better than staying in a relationship, which I'm not happy in, but it starts acting like a fucking fool. And it's kind of like, I used chest analogies a lot, but it's kind of like chest, if you're in, you're playing a game of chest, and you're in a losing position, and the only hope you have of winning is the sacrifice you keep up with, and you don't know that's gonna work or not, but it's the only hope. You're better off making the sacrifice even if you lose, because if you don't, you're just gonna slowly get ground down and definitely lose it.  in the end. But do you love that pussy so much? You'd rather delay the breakup by seven months and lose without any prior honor. And leave without any prior honor while she cheats on you. Isn't it better just to say right hand in the air, you're not talking to that guy anymore? Did the end is coming? If she chooses to talk to that dude over you, the end is certain. So can you have enough balls to just say bye? And at least leave the head held high. But this is another thing, man. It's crazy. These men have never been through any kind of emotional trauma. So the idea of breaking up with a woman is big to them. I've been through, when you've been through real shit, a breakup just doesn't become that real anymore. I've had people try to kill me. I have stab wounds. Tell me again about this girl who doesn't text you back. Who does this shit? This is being like, this people in Syria getting ball. Yeah. You have to get some perspective and just realize you're being like, there's real trauma out here in the world. Terrible things happen day after day. And here you are, alive and breathing and the hurt, the health. You're going to cry.  I was on beach, it's man up. I think that a lot of people don't understand that it's all of the challenges and struggles that's going to make them, it's either going to make or break them. I read, I don't read studies very often, but I was sent a study about stress from somebody that's probably the best study I ever read and it's talked about the placebo effect of stress. And I said that there they took some of the most stressed people in the world, CEOs, et cetera. And the ones who believed that stress was really bad for them were dying earlier because of the cortisol inside of their blood and they said stress would be bad from there and heart attacks. But the ones who believed that stress was good for them and it made them perform under pressure stress is good for me. They were living longer. So the same drug inside of their blood, how they framed it inside of their mind had different effects on their body. So from that point onwards, even though I already thought this way, I knew I was the right way, I knew it was the right way to think in eight, because I've done pretty good in my fat way. But this confirmed it. Every time I feel stressed around their pressure, I get excited. I hate to not be stressed. I wake up and I'm like, everything's fucked. Good. Yes.  Like that's just how I am, right? But it's how you look at the problems and how you use them to fuel you. So the question was, what's the problem for the average man today with the biggest problem? I think there's a whole host of problems. But what you have to do is frame it inside of your mind and understand that all of those problems are going to allow you to give you the fuel and the unlimited motivation that you need to become a successful and beautiful individual. If you frame it in the right way, if you take a man and give him a life shielded from problems and he never has any to face, I guarantee you, that's terrible at being a man. The best men in the world have gone through shit. That's just why women love scars. They didn't kill you. That's the whole point of it, right? So the best thing you can do as a man is look and go, okay, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard. I feel negative because these are also difficult. I'm struggling with XYZ. Let me internalize all of that and turn it into a superpower. Let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because, like I said, the universe is absolutely not really very giving and if you truly hated being in a position you were in, you wouldn't be the very best.  So I think the number one problem with the world's day and the biggest problem that men face isn't the problem themselves. It's just a way that they're been taught to mentally frame issues. People think when bad things happen to them that somehow they're a victim to the universe and bad things only happen to me and this is so terrible. They don't understand that bad things happened to everybody and the most successful person you know had all those probably maybe even worse. At least the same bad things happen to them. They just framed it differently and used it. That's the difference. So I don't pray for these life. I pray for a life of difficulty that allows me to come a better and better person. I pray to become more competent to handle problems. I pray to put myself in a position where if the masked meaty machine attempts is very best to destroy my life. I can laugh and smile from my fill in the bite. This is who I pray to become. I don't pray that nobody hurts me. I pray to be able to fight. So it's a different mentality. Where did that mentality come from? I've heard I know your background story. I've heard a ton of your interviews. I know the  impact especially your father had on your life. Was there a single or were there a handful of pivotal moments for you where your mindset just shifted? I know you've talked before about being young and seeing people driving by and flashy cars and it annoying you and not annoying the people around you but I'm really curious to know where the where the tape mindset came from. It's a good question. I think a lot of people build their mindsets around trying to feel good. So that's why we were talking earlier about people who want to ignore the idea of personal responsibility or self accountability because they feel better if they pretend it's not a real thing. They feel better if they pretend everything's something else is wrong. A lot of people's mental model and how they view the world is based around them feeling as good as possible. So when you sit there and talk to somebody who has a mask on and they refuse to believe they the elites are laughing at them. It's not because they can't comprehend the ideas. Because they feel better if they don't believe that they are a clown for the elites. I feel better.  If this is really all innocent, and it's really all about a disease. So people are basically, they're basically their mindsets around trying to feel good. I have always tried to base on mindset around absolute competence regardless of how I feel. And there are certainly disadvantages to that. There are times you're gonna be a lot more pessimistic or you're gonna be a lot more stressed or a lot more pissed off about certain things and others. Yeah, that can be seen as a downside, but like I said, I use all of those things from the mid-movements like Propel My Endless Upward trajectory. But if you construct a mindset that allows you to be as competent as possible, as opposed to field, any different or feel better, then you're gonna naturally come to the conclusions I've come to. You're as competent as possible. If you believe you can affect absolutely everything about your life, you're as competent as possible. If you believe absolutely everything that's happened to you, whether good or bad is completely your fault. You're as competent as possible. If you believe the bad things that happen to you are gonna allow you to work harder and become even better. When bad things happen to me, the first thing I'm out of this good. Good.  Andrew, they took 10 million dollars out of the bank because they canceled you. Good. Good. That's just my response. Good. Andrew, this happened. Good. Good. Now, I'm really pissed. Good. Like, this mindset I've constructed allows me to be as fearsome a competitor as possible. It allows me to be a fear opponent in any realm of human endeavor. And that's the point of a mindset. Why would you have a mental model or mentality that made you anything less? In the ultra competitive world that we've just discussed, discussing what everybody wants to have, why would you absorb information or construct a mental model that doesn't allow you to be as competitive as possible? I am a feared competitor in anything I do. Anyone who's up against me at anything is going to feel a degree of nervousness just because it's me. It doesn't matter what it is. If you say, look, you're going to go learn how to play piano and you're going to play against someone else who's never played piano and you're going to learn. And that guy's entertained. You're going to be like, oh, the fuck. I can't even play piano. But part of him's going to be like, oh, not tape. Even though I have no piano experience.  Because they just know me. They know my mindset. They know my determination. They know I'm stubborn. They know I don't quit They know I'm they know I'm gonna win. That's just who I am So I've constructed a mental model that allows me to be competent and to always succeed And that's how I've come to the conclusions I've come to and I truly once again Don't understand how people go to the world without within the other mental I get asked all the time. What do you feel or what about happiness or depression? That doesn't even how I feel doesn't cross my mind I don't know how else to explain it. There are days where I'm pissed off or sad or happy It doesn't cross my mind as just like I woke up Whatever mood I happen to be in I have things I need to do. It's a busy day Zoobies here soon. I need to go training before he gets here I had a meeting with the bag at 7.15 a.m. I have shit to do like I didn't cross my mind about happy sad exciting I just had to work so I I think my mental model to a degree I'm certainly not a person who doesn't feel emotions because we're all human. I certainly  do, but I've never prioritized them in any regard. I haven't built a mental model that affects. I haven't put them in the middle of my mental model and then affected my actions based on how I feel for each one. It's absolutely completely the opposite. I would love to do a podcast on a day where I'm particularly sad and the podcast on a day when I'm particularly happy and I guarantee you, New and Mill fell the fuck difference. So that's what allows me to be competitive, right? Because if you're competitive, you want to be the most competitive predator on the planet. You have to be able to hunt in the day and the night. You have to be able to do both. You have to be able to perform when you're happy and sad. You can't, you can't only be able to perform when you're happy. You can't only go to the gym when you're motivated. You can't only be a competent person when your likes go unwell because when your likes go unwell, you're no longer competent. Then you're going to lose to people like me and this player versus player. If you're the kind of person who can only do well when you're happy and you're competing against someone like me, you can do well all the fucking time. Guess what? You lose. So my mental model, the answer is most of my opinions are just based around constructing a mental model that allows me to be brutally competitive. It's why I...  depression isn't real. I've argued this point endlessly and I try and explain to people but they're not smart enough to understand that I don't care if I'm wrong. I don't care. I am more competitive as an individual if I don't believe I can become depressed. So I don't give a fuck if I'm right or wrong because no matter what bad happens to me in my life, even if the heaven forbid the worst things on earth that could happen to me, I could never become finitely depressed because I would never self-diagnose myself as finitely depressed because I don't believe I believe that I am currently sad but I have work to do and eventually I will feel better. I will never get to a point of absolute desperation and kill myself because I don't I'm never going to a point of helplessness because I don't believe in the idea of helplessness. You cannot try and make me adopt a thinking that will reduce my competitive and this is an individual. So I don't have a fuck of them wrong. I don't believe in it. That's it. And of story. So I don't believe in things that take power away from me. I don't believe in things that make me less competitive and I don't adopt mental models that make me less competitive. Every single mental model I have are the most efficient ones I could find. And the mental model I found that if I adopt...  I become a more fearsome predator. That's it. So this is how I've come to all of my conclusions as an individual. I literally, I don't know how I function society. I think that life is very, very hard for a man. It was certainly very, very hard for me. I can't imagine having no mental resilience. I can't imagine being that fragile. I can't imagine being that fendable. I can't imagine believing there are systems which are going to oppress me and prevent me from ever becoming everything I want to be. I can't imagine being that way. If I were to try and absorb all those mentalities and then live a normal life, I don't think I could do it. I literally, there's a reason why these people end up on ADHD. It's an anxiety depression and I get it because it's just suicide. It's meant, it's literally mental suicide. You go, say, can you please explain exactly how to get over a breakup? I just went through a major breakup and you have never explicitly spoken about the topic. Sure, I'll talk about it. First things first is that going through a breakup sucks. And every single man out here, no matter what they say, understands how bad it is to go through.  break up and understands what heart breaks like. It's difficult, it's not easy. I'd actually like to argue that men feel more heartbroken than women. I think that's... I think it's true and I think it's because one of the possessive element that we have, the idea of... the idea of her being with someone else hurts more than the idea of you being with someone else to her. And secondly, because you have a lot less options than she has instantly. So I think that breakups are worse for men than they are for women and I understand how difficult and hard they can be. However, however, unfortunately, the unfortunate reality is that chasing her and being dedicated to her and saying you're gonna do whatever she wants, etc. is very unlikely to work. It's very unlikely to work and you have to look at the scenario you're in, look at the chest board and make the best possible move. When you're heartbroken, you... true when you're truly heartbroken, you can't even sleep. And your mind is constantly preoccupied. And instead of seeing that as a negative, what you need to do is use it as a source of unlimited power. If I was truly heartbroken today, let's imagine, I could barely sleep. I'd be in better shape than I've ever been. I'd train like a fucking animal. You have to just cake the energy and...  inside of you, energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted, whether it's heat into light or the momentum into friction or whatever, however you want to put it, right? Energy cannot be destroyed, it can only be converted from one form to another. And you have to look at that and understand that the sadness inside of you is energy. You can't destroy it, but you can convert it into something else which is constructive and you just can't just suck it up by copying it over it. And there's no other way to do it. And obviously having abundance of women makes that easier, but I wouldn't even put it that way. I'd say if you were with a woman and you lost her and you're now lonely and she's going to be moving on and you're absolutely heartbroken and you're destroyed inside, I understand how difficult that is, but now you have genuine sadness inside of you which is unlimited motivation for you to become a fucking beast, coming out of them. And by the time you're finished becoming an animal, you won't care anymore. So if you really want to cure yourself, you just say, I'm going to get six pack and I'm going to get bigger arms. And by the time I arm so this size and I have six pack, then I'm going to think about that bitch. And you'll realize, you don't give a shit about her anymore. That's just the way the war works. What you have to say with respect to guys who think that they should just exit the game and be done.  with this whole thing and they want to go their own way and for whatever that means to those guys. Well, it's a defeatist attitude, which is the first, first, the most feminine thing you can have in anything. It doesn't have to be about women. Having a defeatist attitude towards life is already probably why you ended up where you ended up. Because if you were too much of a man to quit, you probably wouldn't be there to begin your game. And that's not just about women, it's about anything. It's about fighting, it's about money, it's about anything. A defeatist attitude is never the right way. Secondly, you can always win the game. You can win the game because yeah, hypergamy may be true and the girls value certain things, but like I just said, I have guys who are bigger, stronger, richer than me messaging my girl. She doesn't leave because I am her man and that's down to conditioning. And you can condition females to be that way. And yeah, you need to have multiple females and yeah, you need to find a good one and yeah, you need to have options. But you can definitely win this game. Any man can win this game. But you have to be prepared to go through, especially for some of the softer guys, a degree of heart rate. So mean Tristan Owing-  We say we go through a breakup a week and that's literally true guys talk about their breakup. I go through a breakup a week I lose a girl a week and it is that point now for a sissy Whatever no, I don't care anymore at all But for most dudes because they haven't got the kind of sexual access I have you're gonna have to get you're gonna If you're prepared to lose the girl because she wants to go they guess and I'd be prepared to sit there and miss her and not Messature you have to be a man about it. You just have to stop being a pussy if you stick to the rules of the game as a man You can absolutely win nearly any man can I'm not saying you're not a beauty queen But you'll have something that's loyal to you. She may be a fucking five in my book. She's a nine to you So you give the shit you know you're happy whatever the point is but you have to be mad enough about it Most of guys mig toe and batons all they're trying to do is just alleviate heartache There's such cowards. They're afraid of feeling sorry. Oh, they're afraid of missing her I have one guy who messaged me. He's like, oh, I don't do I really miss my girl. I said why do you split up? Oh, she was talking to these guys  service. I'll bluff you know because she was my only girl. I said well what you need to do is you don't need he goes and he wanted her back. I said you don't you don't want her back because you know she's a shit girlfriend because she messes with other guys. You just don't want to miss her and you're not about wanting her back. You're just too much of a pussy to deal with the feeling of missing her. That's what the reality of it is. Most these guys are a bluff with girls. They don't even want the girl. All they do is argue with the girl. They can't stand her. She's a dickhead and she's a cheater and she's a bimbo. But there's too much of a pussy to feel like they miss someone. There's all a huge act of cowardice. I'm afraid to feel bad. If you're not afraid of heartbreak and you stick to your guns, they're gonna have a fantastic life with me. If you're not afraid to say sorry, not good enough for me to buy and stick to it as a fucking man, you're gonna do just fine. That is 85% of the day. But not just to afraid to do it because they feel like they're not gonna have another girl for a while. It allows them to get their dick wet and that's what it is. And it's just cowardice. Head to toe. So all the minto guys, guys, you're quitting the game without even trying. If you were to just... If you're a...  You're really a man going his own way, and you're really focusing on yourself, and you're really putting yourself first, and upgrading your value as a man. If you're doing that, then you should be fine with females. Just continue with your mission. Don't be compromising. Make sure you stick put your mission first. Treat her with respect, but don't take any disrespect. One of the biggest things I want to actually say now, because I don't want people to think. I know the way I come across is hyper-aggressive. People think you have to be mean to girls. I never mean to girls. I'm nice. I'm nice to my girls. I have this idea that I'm walking around the house, beating them up and shit. It's like, yeah, I'm completely opposite. I'm a super nice guy. I'm like, let's watch a movie or get some popcorn, let's have a party. I'm a super nice dude. I just won't tolerate disrespect on any level. Just respect me. I stop talking to you. It's not about being evil person. You can still be the nice guy. But once she steps to you, you have to remove all your attention. It's really that simple. There's nothing else to it. You have to be a big evil man. And you can be a meagot, be going your own way, and have that same philosophy. Really is not art, but he's got.  just too afraid to miss a girl. That's the biggest mistake. That's what all this comes down to. These dudes are too afraid of the heartbreak. And they can't take it. Because they're afraid. What did you do with the pain of the heartbreak? I did the same thing I do if my heart was broken. I got up, I went in the gym, I lifted a bunch of weights. I got my fast car, I drove down the road looking sexy as fuck. Ball of Starbucks and make some money. It doesn't matter how I feel. It has no bearing on how I live my life. Ability to be vulnerable as men is not something that we're taught. In fact, it's something that I think we're taught to not be vulnerable, to not be emotional, to not... But that is comfort. No, but I just want to talk about it. But that discomfort that you just described has led to a massive positivity in your life. I can say the absolute same thing for fighting. I decided to go out and learn to fight, to the level I learned to fight. Because I had a couple fights in school and I won them. But it was kind of close and I was like, that was too close.  for comfort and I thought fuck I'm gonna go learn to fight and it's absolutely often discomfort and trauma and bad things that I'll motivate you to go and do the most amazing things like we said earlier you have to take the negativity and use it in a positive manner like we said about stress in a different direction I'll tell you right now if you were to say to me Andrew you have to make double the money you're currently making what's the number one emotion you want to feel to do it I'd say heart break yes stress break my heart break my heart I can't sleep I'm furious break my heart and I'll make a fucking million dollars take all the negativity and turn it into positivity so that trauma and all those bad things happen you can be very very positive things and give you a positive aspect of life if you approach it in the right way most people are told when you feel sad sit at home be sad it's not your fault you're got a disease your depressed be a bitch about it I argue the opposite I say when you feel sad good take all that energy and convert it into something that's gonna be a positive force for your life would you say that even though even we're also taught to like stuff it away and not like like not actually think about it not actually go through it not actually  No embrace it and feel it you should feel all of your emotions. So if I feel sad I embrace it and I feel it. I'll tell you right now the largest Monumental jumps in my life in terms of success is when I was pissed off or sad Yeah, I mean bro Like I could tell you like all the time I spent in the gym to build myself I was using that stress. I was using that trauma to make myself better completely That's what made me who I am today Absolutely all the bad things that happened to you and make you feel in a bad way Some of those bad things made me feel a bad way were the most important energy sources for the most monumental Jumps in my life the most the biggest my biggest achievement. I'm hygiene is clearly important She made a very good point about being funny. You have to be entertaining That's not just about in relationships. That's in life isn't it people like to spend time with people who entertain them I think the biggest I don't know the biggest mistake men make as a whole now is yeah I understand everything she's saying about paying attention to a woman and then she said that about spiritual connection women are very emotionally driven So you have to make her feel happy and feel good to be around you and that's what it's about This is one of the key things if she feels  happy when she's with you, she's gonna wanna be with you. And if she feels sad when she's with you, then she's obviously not going to want to be. And yeah, I mean, this can translate, I could talk about this forever, but this can translate across relationships. As a whole, I had a guy come to me once and say, oh, I'm in a really bad state of mind, and every time I tell my girlfriend, she doesn't seem to care, and I was like, bro, if you're feeling depressed, and all you do is talk depressive crap to your girl, she's gonna leave, because she doesn't wanna hear it. It makes her depressed, and everyone's depressed, and then she's gonna bail. And that's what she did. So be a positive, happy person. And if you can't work that out on your own, then you shouldn't be with anyone else anyway.