 Hello friends, welcome to end of this another video First emergency meeting of 2025 happy new year friends and family I think it's important that we begin this year the way we intend to carry on so In jail no not in jail not in jail this year. That was last year but outside of jail I just think it's important that we continue the same energy so Fuck the feminists and your bullshit. Okay women can't drive and fuck decal your corrupt is fuck the matrix it tries to put everyone in jail for no reason and Fuck all of the evil propagators of matrix propaganda that ends up in endless world wars and the murders of children and fucks everyone who doesn't tell the truth and Fuck the BBC There's a lot of people wait. There's a lot of people. It's a long list  All that goes is the producer Gonna break the deal and the producer To the emergency meeting Mr. Producer It makes the best shows Mr. Producer To the 2025 holes Mr. Producer It's gonna bring the feeling Mr. Producer To the 2025 emergency meetings To the 2025 emergency meetings So Andrew, have you heard the latest news? No, tell me You're a human trafficker, you know how I know? I do that Because there's a loser who works for decal, right? You spent two and a half years, two and a half years Trying to prove you're a human trafficker, right?  And it didn't even go to trial. He got his entire case thrown out by judges thrown out because it wasn't a Compenduous enough case to even bother having a trial So you're currently indicted with absolutely nothing. There are no charges against us anywhere in the world But but this same loser that's called in Captain crime fire Is a captain justice He's launched a new investigation into you and this time you're definitely human traffic this time Oh, no, he lied for two and a half years that was all fake and it was a setup after January 6th to fuck your life up And keep us under arrest we did prison time jail time about 4,000 perp walks all of that was fake But don't worry. He's now investigating you for different human trafficings and I'm sure everyone believes him this time Captain justice with this fucking nerdy little glasses. You're the worst thing about this. The worst thing about this bullshit is that it's  Three years in his first file was thrown out. He's now trying with the second file. Here's the worst thing I'm hardly Mr. Inconfucking Spicuous. I stream every day. I say everything I do I have a big mouth. I'm six foot three I'm a hundred kilos I'm walk around with every fucking beautiful bitch on video. You know exactly where I am You know that way do you're three years in and can't make a case one more do you want for me? I'm not hiding and you still haven't gone fucking case one more I'm like the easiest target in the world What more could you possibly want my whole life on the internet if we were criminals you'd be able to fucking prove it by now Wouldn't you kept injustice my whole life is on the internet and this jackass can't even come up with a fucking criminal file I'm gonna say you know what I was reading one of these hair accounts one of these DNGs He's famous. He's a news media outlet But he's only got like a thousand followers. He'll be people are dorks. He went oh What's happening Romania is really shocking? It's really shocking. They couldn't prove the facts of the case But no it's shocking to you because you think I'm a  human trafficker who got away with it because the prosecutor is incompetent. It turns out he's probably quite good at his job. It's just impossible to make a case that I'm a human trafficker when I don't fucking human traffic anybody. But you are now under investigation. He'll get you this time for sure. It's real this time human traffic a bitch making your rich. Well, I'm a human trafficker now. You like, I'm a trafficker. Fine. I'm a tax evader of a human trafficker. It's fine. Well, you're not actually indict for human trafficking and that's open for now. But you don't understand. But you might be this time. I'm going to say it for the rest of my life. I mean, you would traffick around. Yeah, I mean, I might as well fucking only you put me in front of yeah, whatever. I mean, when they come up to me and do that tick talk thing when they find me in my Bugatti, what's your job? I'm going to say human trafficking. You're in traffic. Can you fucking you got it? Yeah. Take your girlfriend away. Run away. Sell your organs. And then I won't get caught despite the prosecutor wasting millions of dollars of his organizations. I'm going to ask if he wants to talk to me, but we're talking about it. What about that?  this year is going to be pivotal. I believe that 2025 is going to be life changing. I have a strong suspicion, Tristan, that you and I are going to be sitting on a chair when we're old men, smokers of cars surrounded by our hundreds of grandchildren because we have so many kids. And they're going to ask us what our most interesting story is. And we're going to tell them the best story of our lives. And after they hear it with their eyes widened and amazement and all, they're going to say when did that happen? And we're going to say 2025. Back in the summer of 25. Oh yeah. 25 is going to be one of those years. And I said last year that 2024 was going to be a crazy year. So to prove that I'm always right to prove that my predictions are always flawless. Anyone who's followed my brand for a long time knows I flawlessly predict the future and all things I predicted my arrest. I predicted the matrix breaking when they banned me. I predicted everything. I said 2024 is going to be crazy. I'm predicting 2025 is being the one the best years for winners and one of the worst years for losers. We're going to talk about that later. But first, we're going to do an entire recap of everything crazy that happened in 2020.  We're gonna talk about the time vacuum because most of you have been living in a time vacuum You don't even realize you're living with a boot on your neck and the boot that's on your neck is to constant crushing passage of time Which is marching towards your inevitable death and soon you will be forgotten forever and you don't realize the boot is on your neck So you waste your time jerking off and watching TV shows So I'm gonna remind you of that by talking about everything happened in 2024 You're gonna sit down and go yeah, I remember that I wasn't so long ago and realize that entire fucking year Has passed an entire year is gone. You don't get many of these So what I'm talking about 2024 is actually be very exciting. You know what's funny is 2024 our first ever emergency meeting of 2024 I said this year's motto is gonna be fortune favors the prepared mind now I've been preparing this year as has loads of both students in the real world everybody in the war room Everybody is now set set now that the playing field is level America's back the world is healing 2024 was the year  prepare fortune favors that prepared mine by the end of today's emergency mean we need to think of 2025's slogan. 2024 you planted the seeds 2025 you get the crops. No sorry I got better one. It's better it's more it's more it sounds more wise. Yeah, by human trafficking. 2024 you get a boner and in 2025 you fuck you know. Imagine like an ancient stoic Chinese monk. In the 2024 you must achieve a direction. In 2025 you will fuck all the pussy with your erection. Exactly. 2025's for fucking. Now if you even bought boner by now listen you're out the party. I made it your if she's still trying to get it hard it's been a spend 10 minutes it's gonna be awkward. This usually doesn't happen. I'm sorry. That you should have fucking that's your business because I'm ready to go. It's fucking time. 2024 is for preparation. We're gonna talk  about here, I got a clip from our emergency meeting. This was an entire year ago. It's amazing how time flies. We're also going to talk about all of our amazing achievements this year. This reminds everybody at home how much work can be done in the year if you're actually a winner. So this was from the first emergency meeting of 2024 an entire year ago. You also side note, you'll probably notice here that Tristan, what? So yeah, this is a one hour told you so. Oh, I don't like your, I told you so, bro. They have to know. Do I have to stay here? Yes. I told everyone that 2024 was going to be a chaotic year. Chaos is opportunity. In fact, they mean the same thing in Japanese, I believe, because when things are in order and everything's operating as it's supposed to operate, the brokeies stay permanently broke, you are enslaved and you're not supposed to ever get out. So I likened it to a prison riot explaining that the chaos is going to give it opportunity for the people inside the jail cells to get out and live free. And as long as things are organized operating as they should, you will permanently...  stay a broken state on nobody forever. 2024 will be chaotic lots of crazy things will happen, but these crazy things will provide an opportunity for people who are inside the matrix to escape the matrix. I told you all. And then I had quite a few messages from people who would say, Andrew, you're so brilliant and smart and sexy and rich and tall and gorgeous with a long Johnson. Why do you believe that 2024 is going to be so chaotic? No one said that. No one said that. You don't have that message in your inbox anywhere. You sent it to yourself if anything. But go on, make your point. You must just say, why do you think 2024 is going to suck? I believe the last line. And a long Johnson. So why is 2024 going to suck? They ask. And I explain that half the world is going to be trying to elect leaders, which is going to create a power struggle, power of acumen, and also perhaps I just feel like the world is more spiritually awake. I feel like we know more. I feel like the matrix is crack.  And the information wall has been broken, which adds us to a new layer of spiritual warfare, a new layer of information warfare, a new layer of financial warfare, a new layer of the traditional warfare, everything is kind of broken. It's never operated like this before. That's why it's going to be chaotic because the internet operated a certain way up until extremely recently and now it's being used to directly combat the information narratives which have been purported by the matrix. That is changing the reality of earth in real time on platforms like X and rumble. The internet operated in a certain way and now the matrix is broken with platforms like X and rumble. They are changing the way that the matrix operates. Did I say that a year ago? Am I right? Think about how people now talk online that they couldn't only a short year ago. Think about the narratives that have collapsed in the last year. All I do is predict the future. I fucking saw this coming flawlessly. I'm going to go through the news because there's a whole bunch of things happening 24 that you forgot about. What else is going to say Tristan about?  the 2024 clip is that back then you used to brush your hair back thinking you were cool like you were fucking George Michael my hair's the same now oh you can get hair caught what a fucking loser oh you're a fucking loser did I threaten to quit last year you're a fucking little bit than I threaten to quit so I'm like quit now what a loser superchance keep it going for the world freemar meanie and brothers is the daddy project over whoo daddy is far from over it's in fact the only celebrity mean coin that survived 2024 and it's continuing and it's still moving forward and it's a viable ecosystem unlike 100% of all other celebrity mean coins now there was that one that was better than daddy that one uh what was it called hawk toa that was better than than your daddy coin yeah the only celebrity to prove his worth um feed the hungry  Congratulations for your success. What does the feature of the real world look like, Andrew? Well, we've got a whole bunch of pans in the fire. You know what, I could tell you amazing things that are gonna come, but I'm actually at the point now where I'm become spiteful. Yeah, fuck you. It's well, tell the people inside next on a unfair event. If I said to you, if you join the real world now, then something amazing is gonna happen. Let me make something off the top of my head. Something amazing. We're gonna get bought by Elon, for example. You'd all join. But then you join. And it's like, you only joined because you knew you were guaranteed gonna win. And that means you're not joining because of my promise. You're joining because of something else. And then I will feel like you just respected me. So we're not telling you. And I don't need your money. So you wouldn't understand because you're broke. But when you're at my level, you don't need money. You don't care. So for me, it's like the people who are inside who believed in me will be rewarded. The people who do not believe in me. I'm not gonna hype you up. Don't fucking join them. Fucking stay on the outside. If you think keeping your $49 in your bank is gonna change your life more than the real world, then fucking keep it. Yeah, we don't care anymore. Dip shit. So half a brain you'll join. All marketing activities have ceased. I don't...  want you inside fuck you and I'll talk to the people inside on unfair advantages about what's coming up next. Ah blah blah blah blah blah. 10 year old kid, Crypto launched a coin and pulled a rug for 30k. Is that you or someone you know? I don't know. Anyway, rug pulling is gay. And that's it. That's all those superchairs. Good. Right. So we're gonna go through 2024. We need the whiteboard. Obviously you didn't put it in here because you didn't fucking prepare. Tristan, it's here. You should have said something about how I needed to have faith. Because your doors Michael. Anyway, we're gonna write down all the things that you remember from this year and all the things you don't remember. I remember everything because my memory's flawless because an elephant never forgets. You, be honest, what you remember and what you don't remember. So, 2024 news that you've all forgotten. Remember you're operating in a time vacuum. The boot is permanently on your neck. You are running out of time to get successful because soon your life will be over. You'll be dying somewhere and a bad insignificant and poor because you wasted all your time.  Jerk it off, watch a TV, scrolling on TikTok, Reels, and Messenger Girls, and Instagram. We don't reply to you anymore, because you're a fuck up. These are things happened in 2024 that you've probably totally forgotten about. And I want you to be honest, Tristan. Let's actually be honest, let's do it on a six-perman here, because I have a feeling you forgot about a lot of these. Do you remember that there was a earthquake in Japan? All right, this... Do you remember or do you not remember? Do you remember there was an earthquake in Japan? Well, then, on the... Don't, when we need to remember, don't remember, call them. You need to get a track. I have two columns. This isn't... This is a fruitless exercise. I want to track at the end of this show how much of this stuff you remember from last year. 2024, remember, don't remember. You remember in Japan, in January of 2024, there was an earthquake in with a right catastrophe. There were noodles everywhere. Soy sauce rivers. Tank, tank, and... Because I don't remember. So you don't remember the Japan earthquake.  Next I'm lucky bro imagine in Japan imagine there's an earthquake Go on then Imagine you're in Japan imagine there's earthquake Smart super smart right I don't want to report on that shit cuz upsets me This one Do you remember That in January of 2024 there was an explosion in Iran that killed about a hundred people During the ceremony commemorating the fourth anniversary of General Salimone Salimane's assassination There's a huge explosion. Do you remember? Hundred people died state-run media in Iran are reporting that more than 100 people have been killed and many more wounded  after explosions at an event honoring a prominent general any Iranian senior official remember this alleging the explosions are a terrorist remember but no details have been released on you remember that the explosions struck an event that was being held near the gravesite of general can you remember that the release of Epstein's documents are supposed to cause big controversy after big famous names are found list of clients close friends of the accused mode one of course nobody basically has been arrested they try to make it disappear from the media the whole app steam this came out so guys a january a year ago people say the Epstein list the Epstein list this shows the power of the media because they could release a list of the most famous people on the planet who've been fucking kids and if the media stops talking about it everyone has tiktok brain and forgets about it in five minutes and they totally get away with it how many of us you have been arrested? none. How many times have we been arrested? fucking ten but these people can be on the BBC saying the list has been released  You see exactly who the elite pedophiles are. I mean, I have sex with children and Epstein's private island. And the stories, it was us. So we're not gonna report on it anymore. And other stories and the weather is. And then it was just like, yeah, I forget. I forgot. I forgot. Poogeylo pants, didn't ya? Go on a minute. All right, put your pants on the list. Puppy pants. They fucking poo'd their pants and they forgot the Epstein's list came out a year ago. Nobody even gives this shit. Guys, we're about a week into 2024. All these things are happening globally around the world. All of these things are happening. And you're still sitting around being a jackass doing nothing. Do you remember this one? When the South Africa bought a case to the ICJ against Israel for its genocide? Do you remember that one? Base South Africa. Base South Africa, yeah. Let's put this on the list. At the United Nations Highest Court, Israel stands accused of carrying out genocide in Gaza. South Africa has filed a 84 page document of the�ra ощuaia.  It claims that the Zoology will kill more than 17,000 Palestinians from October until December last year. Just on December 7th, approximately one Palestinian was killed in Gaza every four minutes. Entire families have been wiped out with no remaining survivors. At the heart of South Africa's legal argument is the mass expulsion of Palestinians. 85% of the population has been forced to leave their homes. 60% of the homes in Gaza are now destroyed. And civilians following the evacuation orders were targeted by Israeli forces on them. Good point. There was a discussion at one point. Yeah. If it was a genocide or not, it is. Right to defend itself. Oh, no, we're serving. We're serving. Right to defend itself. Fucking disgusting genocide by ditching the map of all the bombs dropped more than World War II. Tiny, tiny, tiny little area of land. Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. And well, there was crazy. You know why everyone shut up about the debate?  was like, what, Hamas? Hamas, from 27th to Hamas. October 27th, since then, they've killed people and invaded the West Bank. They've moved into Lebanon. And there's no Hamas. There. This was all about your defense was Hamas, October 7th, Hamas, October 7th. They've now invaded everyone they border with who are not Hamas at all. So yeah, I hate to say called it, but you're on the wrong side of history. Talking about, talking about TikTok, yeah, here's Morgan. Here's Morgan. Wrong side of history, mate. DIP Shit. Talk about TikTok brain. We discussed how the Epstein list came out and nobody gave a shit. I'll tell you something else that's even worse TikTok brain. Gone. When this story came out, people started repeating it to me. So here's another story everyone's already forgotten about. Imagine this. Nobody on the fucking planet, nobody in England gave a single shit about the Houthis. Where, if you would have stayed to the average person in 2023,  Point on a map where the hooties are from. What is a hootie? People would have randomly guessed somewhere near Pakistan. No one had any idea that the hooties are from Yemen, what they stand for, who they are, no one had any idea. And then the news starts saying, the hooties are bad, the hooties are bad. And then the NPCs start saying, we need to bomb the hooties, they're bad. And then we bomb the hooties. And now nobody talks about them anymore. And we'll just forget that we brought these people up. I thought there was another one at the end. I thought they super-busted. And the UK led other countries in an attack on the hootie military sites in Yemen. This after what they say was months of aggression in the Red Sea from the Iran-backed group. I think it's important to remember how we got here. 27 attacks against international commerce. Blah, blah, blah. You know how much the UK spent on that operation? I think it was about 2.6 million pounds. There's a bit of a deficit. They've made it up, though, since then. They've made about 2.6 million pounds. We'll talk about that later. We'll talk about that later. So it's very interesting that they can use-  media to sile up you into caring about killing people you've never heard of and then once they kill some of them they can stop talking about them and you'll forget And they get away with the whole lot of trustee and nobody gives a shit nobody talks about anymore No one say they're going I wonder what innocent man got blown to smithereens that day I wonder what innocent man was out walking with his child and got blown to fuck for no reason I wonder why we did that at all no one's even talking about it. How much did it cost? Why are pensioners cold? Why can the UK a bankrupt shithole afford to do this? Where did the money come from? No, they just turn on the meeting machine five minutes who tease are bad who tease are bad who tease have cooties Who tease have cooties bomb the who ease and afterwards just Because I bet who the hooties are still there exactly like they were before but now some minutes of people are then achieve anything The lesson here is that the media doesn't constantly remind you about something you don't believe it Which is why they constantly try and remind you where human trash  Cuz they're trying to slander us, but when they fucking murder people or when Epstein's list comes out They try and make it go away as quickly as possible and your way and you're let's be fair to the mass media So it was April 2022 when they launched their case we were resting December 2022 So it's almost three years of persecution two years of arrest and they cover it every single day They did in fact say there's not enough evidence. This isn't going to court. They did say that how long did they say that for? How long did they say that? About six fucking hours six hours saying we're innocent three years in reguly six hours does anyone you may have missed it You may think I'm still on trial and that there's gonna be a trial because you missed you were asleep You had a nap you had an extended meal at a restaurant and you've missed all the news coverage You're ever gonna get say oh well it was a set up. I mean Tristan's screened for two years It's a set up. There's no evidence against me the job says yeah There's no evidence against them throw this away. This can't go to trial six hours of news Sorry if you took a long shit you've missed the news but  Turns out I was right the whole time. Do you remember when the democratically run country of Ukraine, which is our number one ally, killed in the American citizen and custody? Oh, yeah, I remember the number of the American and the journalist, Gonzalo Lira, has reportedly died in prison in Ukraine at the age of 55. US journalist, Cydette Lira's father, who believes his son was tortured to death over his criticism of a lot of Erzelinski. I cannot accept the way my son has died. He was tortured, extorted in Kamenikado for eight months and 11 days, and the US embassy did nothing to help myself. Give him more money. Didn't we give him $2.5 billion extra dollars like four, eight hours ago? Oh, yeah, we've given them billions and billions and billions and billions. And even the Ukrainian men who are being dragged to the front line aren't men who actively want to fight. They're just putting brand new guns that we're paying for in the hands of unwilling volunteers to only get fucking smoked against the Russians. And it is a tragedy. It's a human tragedy. Rest in peace, Gonzalo Lira. Thanks for trying to shine light in the situation. Rule.  Law democratically elected cancel the elections human rights. Hey cocaine what fucking bullshit There's no human rights to solve a fucking scam all of its head to toe scam The only people who seem to get human rights are Ben Shapiro and his mates. Do you know remember when Ben Shapiro got caught in a tunnel? Let me tell you something Andrew if me and you were found to have a secret tunnel network The investigation and the light shone on what we did in those secret tunnels would be ceaseless and Continuous forever they covered that for about what five hours a lengthy shit again Well sorry if you missed that one if you took a turn you missed it Well, Ben Shapiro does some really interesting coverage on it The way actually did is when that came out what he did was  did this. Yeah we got tunnels in your but Hamass. We gotta send you. You gotta send your dog. I'm gonna go die because it's a massive. Hamass and transgender is me. My sister's got big tits. Yeah but my sister. You look like a geek. Like a fat. I'm not gonna make it. Imagine me. Imagine me a faggot and small. Pick a battle. Dip shit. Pick a fucking lane and stick in it. Pick a. Pick a struggle. January 9th. You were on the 9th of January. You guys have forgotten all this shit. We're on the 9th of fucking January and these aren't small things. Like an armed Ecuadorian gang takes over a TV station. Lie one air storm. Remember this. You're living in a fucking time vacuum. You're sitting around.  Fucking clip in your fingernails and scratch in your balls And the world's on point up today. Oh the year's gone They walked into a TV station took everyone hostage started hanging people and shoot them in the fucking street full-on military fucking operation and a country wide war only a year ago you forgot You thought look at these dead people they put you fucking forgot Hey, remember that oops. I forgot I forgot you pooped your little fucking panties You've been waste to go all of 2024 you're in a fucking time vacuum The boot of the inevitable is on your neck and you're sitting there just waiting to be crushed 2020 for should have absolutely changed your life You should have at least gotten a bow to preparing to fuck no you've done nothing Ron January 9th not only if you've done nothing you can't even recall the events of the year the ultimate crime The ultimate disrespect to God himself Fucking scumbag Remember this and remember this one is with this this set the world on fire at the time  I remember this one. I'm gonna fucking journalist does journalism Shit journalist does journalism honest journalist does honest journalism Fuck journalist work. I already said that we did not recuse it so fuck Can't believe a journalist asked a question shit to a politician What's up? Wow $72 billion US dollars was provided Germany rings second then other European countries come a dozens of billions of US dollars are going to Ukraine I think you should speedrun some of these anger just read them out Because it's not enough room on this board and we're only in January Okay, then how about this one which is actually revolutionary is gonna change the entire fucking world because it's amazing How quickly we get used to things you know like when chat GPD first came out was cool And now everyone's just so am I immensely used to it?  Yeah, like I've always used to it just like Chateau-Pete, don't care. It's only existed for like two years and everyone's completely reliant on it, completely used to it, completely over it. It's considered standard. It's just like normal. Yeah, the world owes us it now. Of course it does. So here Sora AI came out in February of last year. This is the prompt airhead. And now we got this text to video prompt. This is only a year old. Everyone's using it now. National news. So generate fucking gay porn. Yeah. Well, they say everyone has something unique. There's had to be filmed with cameras and people less than a year ago. I case you know, it's quite a lot. We talk about how AI is going to take over the world and everyone's sitting there going. Yeah, but you know, I don't really want to learn. I don't want to learn anything. I'll just continue down my normal job. It's over. Imagine we're going to be in 10 years from now. Don't be dumb enough. P-P-O-R. Oh, it's a new video. Oh, update. It's updated. Oh, no. I count subdead. Fucking speaking of porn hub, I have to give it to Logan.  Me and him and I have had our disagreements, but he took a page out of my book. He learned his lesson. I made the matche the ultimate DNG. He took a page out of my book. He said, Andritate, old wise man, a bit older than me, a bit wiser, been around the block. I'm gonna do the same thing and he fucking wrecked matche and caught him on his porn hub account. It's hilarious. To be fair to Logan Paul, I wouldn't have thought of doing the porn hub search email thing. You did good Logan. Logan, well done. Fair play, fair play. I'll shake your hand when I see you. Speaking of vice news. Vice media was once one of the hottest names in New Media. They just filed for bankruptcy. Broke vives. The head of a proposed deal to sell off to a conspiracy. Losers. It's an extra word we collapse. Just a few years ago, they had a multi-billion dollar value, eh? You're broke. You're fucking poor. You're fucking poor. Ha ha ha ha ha. Count last us. Count last us. And I'm still here. Let me give you all a lesson. Guys, never ever, I'm case you're ever thinking about it, although the cause was noble. Although.  the calls was noble under no circumstances ever set yourself on fire because everybody just forgets. Yeah, everyone forgot. Everyone forgot. Everyone forgot. He said I saw a search engine thing of his name and it's about 4 or 5 days ago. Don't do that. It's actually said to watch. It's actually it's genuine. We very said it's a noble call. I assume he had some mental health problems and some struggles because the veterans in the United States, as we all know, are not fucking looked after properly because Joe Biden's too busy fucking buying his son drugs and crack or whatever it is he does. It's incredibly sad seeing those images, but don't don't do that. Don't like yourself on fire. You have to resist to the bitter end. You cannot kill yourself. You're much more useful to the calls. Staying alive, working, donating money, trying to feed people out there, trying to raise, I mean this is just not the way because it didn't.  It didn't, it didn't do anything. Boy, boy, call certain people, but yeah, don't, don't. 10 or 15 years ago, if you set yourself on fire, it'd be news for a year. Yeah. The fact you can set yourself on fire within three days, you don't even get the Twitter mentions, or no, it even cares anymore. We all have TikTok brain. It's actually incredible. Aaron Bushoules, his name was. How, yeah, how quickly people will forget about anything in the world today. It's truly incredible. Yeah. Remember the humiliation, which, which, who's that guy humiliated himself? Oh. To get into the Illuminati. Oh, wow. And you know what, he bought the top, and we're going to talk about buying the top, actually, because this year a lot of people bought the top with certain things. Oh, they bought the top. They thought Camilo is in. They thought the ditty parties were around the corner. They thought the satanic rituals were going to get them into the butt-sext clubs. That's right. Trump's going to come and shut them down. That's right. Cash Patel is going to fucking get the FBI agents and say, sorry, butt-sext clubs, you are over. Your days of butt-sexting with unwilling traffic kids via the Disney Corp are over. And that's what they did. They thought, uh.  I want to get into the Hollywood satanist club to bot sex with Disney kids, to bot sex kids. Not realizing that the entire matrix is gonna change and now they're universally hated as they are being exposed. They bought the top. They bought the top of being a fucking fuck-up satanist piece of shit. Here's John Cena humiliating himself publicly because the public, humiliation rituals, extremely important to get into these clubs to prove that they own you. The proveers subservient to them. I mean, I see why he's a Leblanc-Murning dress. APPLAUSE Why is this even funny? I have 50 wrong man with no kids. And no gold, God. I'm begging you. We're all fucking eight, bro. This isn't funny. APPLAUSE And you know what, Andrew? He's got his Disney children bot sex club card and he's about to show up. And Chris Hanson's gonna be waiting there for him along with fucking, what's that Alex guy who catches Pee-Dos, the big one?  Big guy, yeah. The big dude, Alex Swats his name, the one who says the end word to catch his petos. Forgot your last name, G, but I fight for kids on Twitter. He's gonna be there, will you turn up for the Diddy Butt Sex parties? And he's gonna manhandle you to the back of his fucking car and drive you down to the police station where Cas Patel is gonna get out at the FBI office and say your days of butt sex with kids are over. I did do give a little extra ritual, but I did it. We don't care. We don't care America's back. Don't worry, John Cena, I see you. Oh, we see you now, mate. We see you. Oh, we see you. Fucking, I can see you. I got it. Remember they put chips and people's brain they could throw computers. That's pretty revolutionary. That was revolutionary. That was revolutionary. It's scary as fuck. I don't want to chip in my brain. I don't. Brain chips. But this all happened this year. And then I remember this. And the news cases are good. Start imagining the cursor moving. Basically, it was like.  Using the force on cursor and I could get it to move wherever I wanted just stare somewhere in the screen and it would move where I wanted it to Which was such a while it just became intuitive for me to That's incredible It's scary. I don't want to chip in my mind. I don't want that tech to fall into the wrong hands, but or the wrong mind I see you did there. Thanks. I see you did that. That's why that's why I have a world-class I'm one of the best One of the best is every done it. I don't really want a chip in my brain But we're gonna get to a point in future where you have to have a chip to compete Which is very annoying like lots of people didn't want to learn how to type didn't want to learn how to use computers didn't want a smartphone Unless you're super duper scruper rich before the new tech arrives like me and Andrew we can resist having to use that part again Unless you're super rich like me man me and  The guy's in the war room. No, you forgot someone. Tell him that else. No, he didn't. Super rich like who? Like me. There's someone else who you know who's super rich. Do you think about him? No. He's super attricent. He has a mega yacht. He has $100 million of cars. Makes $100 million a year. He's super duper rich. You must be just, just rack your brain. You got to think of it. Jack Sparrow. Fine. Carry on. Fine. Carry on. Yeah, brain chips. Next. All this happened this year. It's absolutely incredible. Remember when this happened? Let me go. No cap. She's anti-Semitic. Two weeks I will be out to Israel. And I will be out to Gaza. And I will be able to report to you guys what it is that I actually see. But I also.  want to say this because it's so important. I am team God. Okay, I'm team God. Yeah, well God, God. I did you get her about that? I was about fear during the last seven months. I got you to mask your A-pack. I don't fear. I got you to mask her. I actually fear. I actually fear is God. I think that one day we are all going to have to account. I had to fire Candace. Okay, so yeah, I remember this story. Candace, a black woman from the United States, who she had bigger balls. And he said, every one in America, who works in the media. She's anti-Semitic. She's not. She's anti-Semitic because she doesn't believe that. One should just go and die for Israel and then one should give Israel all this money and we should go to war with our empire in Israel. And that's anti-Semitic and transsexuals because transsexuals actually do day of Christian values. You have to get married right away. Listen Ben, pick a line. Yeah, I remember that. Candace getting fired from the now failing daily wire. The now failing daily wire. Let go of the only reason.  Most people watched any of their stuff, including me! Who the fuck is currently subscribed to the Daily Wire? Who the fuck would go wake up and go, hmm, Jewish propaganda? Oh Ben Shapiro's got 10,000 subscriptions. I don't, who the fuck is buying this shit? Bro, remember this, and we talked about this in fact. Oh, God, hey, we still mention this. We still mention this. And we're gonna talk about why we still mention this. Remember this? Yeah. I'm the fucking cocksucker who's trying to run away from Ukraine after blasting a bunch of innocent Russian people. Terror attack and Moscow. You know what we still mention it? Because after this happened, we said I would like to be basically almost anyone on Earth, but those comes. Their reality, and we were saying this almost a year ago, Wake it up in that...  Russian jail. All the fucking promises you were given by Zelensky or whoever funded you about getting out Didn't happen and you are in Russian jail after killing Russian women and kids Indiscriminately you're having a bad day a Bad fucking day and you know the best thing They're not dead. Oh, they're alive. Oh, they're alive They are alive. What do you want to put and say? There's no future for them only oblivion Such a jeline and probably lost their fucking minds by now They probably don't even remember why they're being tortured. They're alive and good. This is what America should do America talks about mass shootings mass shootings. Let's buy McDonald's. Let's give them a trial Let's put him in a jail cell You should if someone is caught on camera doing the mass shooting you know beyond all reasonable doubt It's them a lifetime of torture is the only suitable punishment and  America, England, you can all learn from the fucking Russians. Some cut and England stabs up a bunch of kids, stabs anyone on the street. Some fucking terrorist goes around shooting people in Paris like they did with the United States or some mass shooter. It's happening every fucking day. Some cut in Germany runs his fucking car, fucking through lots of families at a Christmas market. A lifetime of torture, the rule of law goes out the window. Your court red handed fuck you. The Russians are doing it right because those men are still in the fucking jail sale and let me tell you something Andrew. They've had a bad year and they're in for another bad year and as long as they fucking live, which is probably going to be as long as the Russians can force feed them, they're going to have a bad fucking day and they deserve it and worse and internal damnation and hell. They're going to, they're in some tiny free.  The reason cold sell, they probably can't even lay down. They're probably forced standing for the rest of their fucking human years in the freezing cold in between beings because Putin gave the order to the special directorate. I don't even know what they're called, but Russia will have a special directorate of retribution for dealing with cunts like this. Because if I was Putin, that's what I'd have. I'd have a special directorate of retribution. S-D-R. The S-D-R. The head of the S-D-R. And those motherfuckers are regretting the day they did anything. So assing in heinous and disgusting. And I take solace in the fact that they're not in some warm cozy shell sell like they would be in England. They're not in some war cozy sell like they would be in the West. No, they're in Russian jail under the S-D-R's watch fly and vengeance is taking place daily. Every single day you wake up for the rest of 2025, take a second and think, thank fuck. I'm not those guys who got caught doing a terrorist attack.  Russia because their life, whatever it looks like now, sucks. There's probably nothing worse. They, there's probably no other situation. I'd rather be in the Ukraine war. I might live. I can, I might die. I might die. I can run around. Those guys have nowhere to go. No hope. No fucking hope. And the worst thing about it is it's kind of like us when we go dragging in a Romanian court. They're going to court knowing this is setup like our situation. They're going in and out of court, which I find most funny when they take them to court and they're standing there for the judge. They'd be going on stretches to court. No one asked any question. Well, just stretch it all. He has like that. And the judge is like, we're going to, we're going to discuss whether I let you go or put you back in jail. And it's like, you have no chance. Let me, let me sit to trial date. I don't know. When can you have a trial and every day you're asking torture? This is how you deal with mass shurs. Take a fucking page from Putin's book. Every country in the world, Germany, you need it England, you need it America, you need it. And the judge is like, so tough.  why I should let you free. And there's the- Okay. I don't know what that means. Look at that. The judge is sitting there. But the judge is the head of the SDR. The judge runs the fucking special director of Retribution. Take them back to their cells. Okay, I think I have decided for more jail. We will see you in a couple months. And we will talk to them and do the cover. And they go back to court a few months fucked up. Please let me out. The judge is like, I don't know what you like to do. Jail! N- Oh. Fucking fucked. Yeah. Fuck. And they deserve it. And the world should learn a lesson from how Russia dealt with those cons. Something else that happened this year, which was quite interesting. Your mate at his house rated. Homeland Security agents in those bear cats. Virgin the home of Sean. Why was this on the news less than our house rate? Sex trafficking investigation. Fuck no. Why was this on the news?  For three hours, Michael, it was just here. Come home in Miami. We're just hearing that his home in Miami was also searched. Fox 11 was first on the scene. The board's too far. This brings you an idea of January. Listen, the baby oil boot, he bandit got busted. The baby oil boot, he bandit got busted. And I'm not going to say these guiltier, not even though everyone knows he is, but like I don't want to get to involved. All I'll say is this, he was fucking dudes. So, so even if he's guilty or not, doesn't matter, look, I'm not a no presumption. No, you're guilty of being a fag. Yeah, fair. You're at least a fag at least. So like it is what it is, you know, and then there's all those videos of him saying, really weird shit. You know what's amazing about the PDD situation? I'll tell him one of the secrets. The video of him beating the fuck out of that woman. No, no, I'll tell you something else that's amazing about the PDDs. Go ahead. Tell that one a story. This is a short story from my childhood, guys. Please sit down, take a chair. Let me take a story. So, it's once again man called Andrew Tate. And he grew up.  He was always a little different. He was always a lot smarter than the rest. And before the internet, before these things, because I'm 38, guys, remember when I was 21, 20, there was really no internet. There's no Facebook. He had to dial up and go to Twitter. None of these things existed. So I've always been the guy who kind of saw through the matrix, even at a very young age. And at 2021, I was saying to people, all of these celebrities are fucking weirdos. And everyone was an NPC. They're like, what do you mean is a weirdo? That's, I like his songs. That's puf daddy. That's pee. That's usher. And I was like, okay, but no straight man. I don't care if you're a performer or not. No straight man stands up and goes, and I was like, these dudes are all fucking faggots. And at the age of 20, 21, I was like, you're weird. You're doing your hate celebrity. Why? Because he's a singer, of course he dances. Got more manny than you. Yeah. And I was like, maybe am I, there's something wrong with me. I just look at these people and just see them all for just, I just think they're all fucking  and weirdos and now here we are I get spoiler alert 18 years later my fucking retribution comes true and then when you watch it's funny because the same videos I used to watch a puff daddy back then that made me think he was a bag of weirdo and not just him all the celebrities I think they're all weird now we see the same videos watching back and we think they're weird but to me it was always obvious if you watch him talk he's like yeah daddy you know man cool daddy and I like to keep it sexy daddy you know daddy is sexy and to get the flowers in my hotel room get my bath run keep it sexy and he's talking to like his best friend and then he starts hugging his best friend for no reason like kissing his cheeks saying it's sexy daddy and I was just like this is fucking weird and I used to say that back back before and remember COVID guys remember how fucking sheep will people word or in COVID I'm talking 15 years before COVID my daughter sheep will people were then they're like well he's a celebrity he's a celebrity and now one's like look at this video so weird I was like it's always been weird I've been saying this for fucking 20 goddamn years shoot I  Call you mister. Do you perform the natural obligations? Do you perform the natural obligations? Can we Google quickly and see if America's rebuilt this bridge or not? Okay, well Baltimore. Yeah, have they even rebuilt this yet? It's a partially clapped bridge blah blah blah. No, it's uh, no No, no, it's not rebuilt. No, they're saying it might finish in 2028. If you live in Baltimore, learn to swim because it looks like you're not gonna have a bridge for a while. Well, I mean, Trump's in charge, maybe He won't do a bridge. He'll just somehow Magic it only bridge are interested in now it's crypto bridge talk about crypto in a second Because crypto is actually very important to protect your money against inflation speaking of inflation  every high street store going wrecked. 99 cents only stores are shutting down. The commerce based chain will close 371 stores across four states and that includes right here in California, Arizona, Nevada and tech. 99 cents stores closed down. I can no longer buy your mum. You know what? I'm the best of the best. I took p-ditty into a bridge, into swimming and bulamork as you're a faggot, into crypto, into inflation, into the 99 cents stores. I'm pretty fucking good. I'm pretty good. I can link any subject. What's the next subject? I can link it to the 99 cents stores. What's the next subject? I'm gonna link it. Fuck. This is actually quite hard. Okay. I'm gonna link it. But you know what? Food prices are getting out of control. We're talking about inflation. The 99 cents stores closed down, which means that it's getting harder and harder to feed your family, especially if you want to eat healthy, if you want a free range chicken or some food or some meat. And that's gonna even worse because we have HN1, 5-1.  and Arctic Burnflow! The giants of Antarctica have fallen to bird flu. Dozens of elephant seals are known to have died on the sub-antartic island of South Georgia. Fuck, as your mum is. Many others will have succumbed out to sea or in remote bays. Now, scientists from the UK's Animal and Plant Health Agency have confirmed a deadly form of the H5N1 virus has been detected in dead elephant and fur. You want to know my position on all viruses for the rest of human time, Andrew? Don't believe you? I don't believe you. Viruses aren't real. So, if there's a real pandemic, I'll just die. I'll just die like a man. There's a real pandemic, just to take a step. Before COVID, if you were to say, Andrew, make a list of the top five things you believe in. Germs will probably be up there. Yeah, Germs! I pretty much fully believe in germs. Yeah, I mean, diseases happen need.  You got clean things and it's too dirt either germs you get sick. I was a germ believer Combin has traumatized me so heavily and people were such fucking losers. We've all into germs at the top We do know I don't believe in germs anymore. I'm sorry. You've ruined it now. There's a new virus Cool. I mean let's see how I feel tomorrow. I don't know like what do you want me to do? There's germs in Antarctica get fucked if fuck you fucking fucking fucking No germs fucking germs in Antarctica get the fuck out of here fuck out of question imagine you're sitting there Imagine you're sitting there you're sitting in your office with surrounded by money and bitches far away from Antarctica smoke at a big fat cigar you fucking lamb on the driver to big house There are a millionaire sitting there the big fat cigar you go women all around you big puzzle money and someone comes up because There's germs in Antarctica Get the fuck out of here get the fuck out of my office. So it's your life out song get the fuck out of here So it's your life out fuck you all me to do about it. Give a sh  It's already cold. Can't disinfect it anymore. Remember that little fucking Spanish faggot got caught eating poo? In the leaking. Where the man's in us is leaked like this by the other person. Like ice cream. And then what happens? Even poo poo comes out. The other one poo poo is out. And then they eat the poo poo. I gotta say, the Africans are some of the most based on certain topics. Well, he, when he said that, about this, when he said that the faggot's eat the poo poo. Everyone's like, oh my god, the Africans are so behind. They're against LG. They're home. They're home. They're home. They're home. And then your mate came along and ruined it for all the fags. Oh, the Spanish politician who was called eating the poo poo on video. Does gay Spanish politician with the left wing governing party, the party in charge of spending? In charge. The boss of you, Spanish people. I mean, call eating poo. Okay. You know what's amazing.  You know what I think, see the things I ask, because let me tell you something guys about how an expert's brain works. I'm a professional and smart-ordinate. So when you hear about something like this, I think in the past and the present, I think in all realms, time, it's like watching interstellar. Time for me is all at once. So when we talk about the Russian terrorists who committed that attack in the mall, you think about the attack in the mall. I think about what's happening to them now after the attack, what made them do it before the attack. Time is all at once. So when we talk about this little homo eating poo, time is all at once, and the most scary thing is this. He wasn't arrested, he wasn't put in jail. He was fired from his job, but he's still somewhere in Spain, and I would argue. That he's eating more poo now than he's ever. Because you're already fired. There's no reason, now there's no reason to not eat the poo. What's stopping him? He may as well double down. I mean, it's not like there's a shortage of this stuff. So if you're in Spain walking around, you may be within a couple of.  100 meters of a guy who's now been fired from the government for eating poo and has decided he's may as well double down and eat more poo than ever before. Yeah, Ola There is a poo here on the loose Somewhere in Barcelona and nobody seems to give a shit like find this man And put him in jail like what he's just fucking he was he was in charge of you. He was your boss He was your government then like all you can't do government anymore. You got caught eating the poo go home Which begs the question how many of your government haven't been caught but still eat the boo So he went home to his little Spanish apartment Went inside and then he sat there sad he got fired for a few days He's like well, I've got a lot of time on my hands now So I can make this stuff myself. Maze will fix up a plate. Okay, that's I  Who the fuck are these people? Who the living fuck are these people? Absolutely incredible. Speaking of scumbags, because once again, I'm a master of transitions. Israel, we're killing aid workers. A Monday Israel targeted and murdered seven world central kitchen volunteers. Surprise, surprise. If you're trying to starve people to death, shooting the people that feed them makes genocidal sense. It does make genocidal sense. It was an accident. I don't believe you. I don't believe it was an accident. I just don't. Sorry. Being starved by Israel. 13 was in Gaza with clearance from the IDF, communicating them, coordinating with them to make. Hi, we're delivering food to the people who are trying to starve to death. Can you not bomb us? We confirm we won't bomb you. Okay, this is what my truck looks like. This is where I am. My exact location. We won't bomb you. Then they bomb you with the most accurate weapons I've ever devised. Fucking courtesy of Uncle Sam. Scumbags.  Jsesé ty bumbku na balides sini a proberわか euros. Manysě k dílení oč�under? Tóda almostvat o svychí Vasys었,HHH. Já v nacímůtoho znýkali neboho. Flatl说 bringt avá, ale si je co populát정y ty nebutili o NO. Já jse še bile rankings s Woozmem za větří spreads. A kdy přcisky nás tractor na lidí ušelěku i licité svět šeile abdominalšky pre iki vysel Corony huj. Bel� Henley, tako stará na Elder Sam between the decidám po sidě. Aha. Sláža wh browse FOR I VASY. Nebo kupiim pre vírnu alebo vás, On jsme před něco v tého Do utrím se pos delayed syga Sad neh<|id|>  big turd in the punchball for these globalists to want to permanently murder everybody. So by sheer coincidence, I'm sure it wasn't connected. I'm sure it was just a random coincidence. A guy who staged every pro-UK-crain protest by the way in Slovakia and whose wife was Ukrainian who's getting a little bit of Ukrainian push-puss decided to go and fucking blast the guy and shut him five times in the stomach. However, we forget something. Robert Fizzo is a fucking tough guy. He's a tough guy and most people didn't know who the fuck he was. Slovakia is an obscure country in the east of Europe. No one knows what goes on in Slovakia. We used to live there, so we had a unique perspective. However, no one knew who this guy was. But now when he talks, people fucking listen. Make sure it's attacks on me and Andrew. Banning us, have made us louder, more important. People listen to our voices more because they know they're trying to shut us up because we got something good to say. The moment Robert Fizzo recovered, everyone in the fucking world now knows his name. He's a fucking tough guy. He didn't deserve to get shot. I hope he's recovering well. But all you did...  with amplify this guy's fucking voice from a tiny country in Europe, this guy's a fucking lion, and now when he screams in Europe, all you motherfuckers are listening. Absolutely, if he goes to hero, and although you have no beard here, which is weird, you do speak Slovakian, so you'll send a message to the people, I'm gonna put it off and you can tell them what it says. Yeah. And so I'm very worried about the news that's coming out of Slovakia. I think Robert Fizo is a fantastic leader and for both the Slovak Republic and Europe, my thoughts and prayers are with all the people of Slovakia. You know, best of luck to all of you, and make-  God be with you. And I made that message on purpose because I did used to live in his country. Like I said, I learned the language kind of, like kind of. People thought that was AI, but the real Slovak knew it wasn't AI because I butchered one or two of the words. But yeah, it was really horrible for me to hear that, especially Slovakia being such an incredibly safe country. Something like this happening there is mind blowing that this would ever happen. They've had no terrorist attacks. They let no immigrants in. But this guy was speaking out against the war in Ukraine. They fucking blasted him. But thank fucking God he survived. Thank God he's still in charge of Slovakia. And you know, it was Victor Orban who said something very important once. They said, well, the EU is corrupt and shitty and left wing and globalists. Why don't you just leave the EU and Victor Orban, like the fucking tough guy he is because he's a fucking tough guy as well, by the way, stood up and said, no, no, no, no, we don't need to leave the EU. We need to take the EU back. Maybe I'm alone now. Maybe I'm the only based leader, the only nationalist, the only right-winger now, but we can get more in. And you know, the tide is turning. There is a realistic scenario wherein...  two to three years time, some of the biggest countries in Europe, along with Orban, along with Fizzzo, along with people like the governments of Poland will have maybe Romania of the let the elections go ahead. Let's not talk too much about that because they'll fucking shoot me here, but there's a future where the European Union has been taken back and is in the hands of good people. And Victor Orban was very brave to stay there as the only man under fire by everybody for all those years until other leaders came about and now he's got Robert Fizzzo as an ally. So God bless both of them. Absolutely. Two lions of Europe and he's right. They need to take it back because Europe is collapsing in real time. I think my next murder to me might be about the implosion and collapse of Europe. Discussing that, this is something that was monumentally shifting in the narratives of the matrix. This was Assange's freedom. And I'm going to talk about this video and why I showed this particular video because I find it very interesting. This is Assange being freed. He's on an island in the Pacific, which is an American territory because it was the closest American...  No, sorry, it was the closest to Australia. Clostest to Australian American Court, and it's on a South Pacific Island, I can't remember the name of the island either, where America has a lot of territories in the South Pacific, and this is technically an American court that he's going to off the coast of Australia to finalize his release when it's on. Northern Mariana Islands. The Northern Mariana Islands. It's the exciting part of the day. There's Julian in the sky. After 12 years in Belmarsch for doing nothing without trial, without conviction, which is a British jail because the British just cut to the Americans he was locked up for telling the truth, doing his job as a journalist, he was then released, and I always found this video interesting, and this is the reason I'm playing it, because I want you guys to understand South. The South here is a very important one. A man was arrested and held for 12 years with...  without charge in a British jail for the crime of journalism. Then, when they finally do a deal and decide to let him out, they don't just say, okay, you can go home now, because obviously there's no rule of law. It's bullshit. They say, okay, well, you have to go to court, and the court will decide. And funnily enough, the court decided to let him go, because it was already all pre-decided. So I guess the judge had no playing it whatsoever. So he has to fly to this island, walk in and out of a courtroom while the judge reads the law and reads the rights under this law, this law, your rights are under this law. Okay, you can go home. What a fucking waste of time lie. Why are you involving courts or law for a man that was locked up for 12 years without trial and without charge? There clearly is no law. Just let him go home. And that's fucking door open. Open the call of taxi. Open the door, get him an Uber. What's the fucking point? And pretending there's any law in order at the end of this bullshit and walking the guy in and out of court and having a fucking trial and coming to the conclusion and reading out US stature's, when you've ignored them all for-  12 fucking years. Imagine the insult to injury. He hasn't even been in America. He's ever even been there. Imagine the insult to injury after 12 years of being destroyed by the Matrix treated completely unfairly for them to sit you up there and talk about laws and why a judge has now decided under the law that you're fine when they fucked you without the law for 12 solid years. That's a very important sign up because they did this to prove or attempt to prove to the NPCs that what they did wasn't illegal. Oh, we locked them up for 12 years without trial. Everyone knows that's illegal, but now a court, a court's in jail. A judge is now. All the justice system is begging. He's been begging for a trial for 12 years. Not as no trial, but don't worry. The courts and justice are now at work. Fuck you. On the fuck you. Absolutely. Fuck you. All the people who put him in jail, fuck you. All the people who put me in jail, fuck you too. Fuck all of you. There is no law. Fucking snakes. There is no law. It's fucking made up. And the fact you want to have this clown show circus at the end to pretend there is law.  after blatantly proving law isn't real, is actually insult to injury. And that's something most people didn't see about that video, the upset me when I saw it. The fact they're making him go in and out of a courtroom. What a waste of fucking time. Imagine, no, literally, and this is not an exaggeration. Imagine raping a girl for 12 years, and then making her sign a consent form. Let's leave. What the fuck? I've already been raped, can sign law. Well, well, I could say, okay, well, though the law, it's fine now. There's papers. Complete clown show. Fuckin' bad news. Still got something a little bit happier. Remember when we burnt $150 million? Yeah, and daddy is still an ongoing project. It's the only meme coin that still exists with Roll N' Launch by any celebrity. You know why? Cause we just didn't sell it. It's not that hard. What you do is you make it, you burn a supply. You let people use it as an ecosystem, and you don't fucking rug pull everyone. Because we're not scammers, like every other celebrity in the world. And it still exists. And people will be like, hey look, the daddy coin, and blah, blah, blah. This person made money, lost money, but I like whatever ecosystem.  But it's still going strong because it's just a it's a project of passion It's my sandcastle still here and all of yours have been lost away by the sea when we are free We're gonna repump daddy to the fucking moon But daddy's gonna last forever because we're gonna last as long as we're alive daddy's alive And when we are free daddy tour is gonna take place and we're gonna repump it to all-time highs So you can accumulate now if you believe in us or you cannot if you don't we don't give a fuck It's married to us same as the real world doesn't matter to us. We know what we've got planned We know what's coming we know things you do not know we have inside information And it is our primary objective and all things to own the ecosystem to own the mind share of the populace And for that reason because we want a conquer crypto daddy coins going to the moon We've done a fantastic job considering the amount of pressure and bullshit we're under with all this fucking legal garbage And once we are free once we are released daddy coin is one of our primary projects And this was a few months ago when you and I decided to burn our supply worth at the time 150 million American dollars And we could have just robbed everyone stripped out the liquidity  I smashed out millions and just fucking disappeared. And he said, oh, fire. Could it on a hailey welch and walked away with 50 F? Even with liquidity, we could have walked away with 50 fucking millions. But instead we burnt it all because we're true believers and have we rugged? No. Will we ever? No. Well, I can't. I don't have any. Believe in Tates. I'm going to be very, very rich. And we're going to talk about that later on as well with the crypto coin to the real world. Other things coming up. Do you remember when South Korea tried to send a delivery to Spain, but accidentally got to, yes, I remember this there. Both Korea tried to send delivery to Spain. There was a Spanish politician who ordered some North Korean delicacy, but they got lost in the wind and went to South Korea. Have a seat in the news. North Korea is back on their BS literally. South Korea is sending balloons that have attached poo and trash over the border into South Korea. I should not be laughing.  terrible. So South Korea has been forever now sending anti-North Korea pamphlets over the board with Korea has decided to retaliate with bags of poo that come from the sky. I like how it looks like a heart. This is something sweet and kind but then now what's worse than love bumming? poo bumming. We're supposed to go to that guy's house in Spain but unfortunately got lost and went to Seoul. It's a diplomatic bag. And then on top of that, Fauci admitted that the whole fucking COVID thing was made up guys. They loved you. Oh wait, but what the fuck? COVID was a scam because you were a vaccine denier and a COVID denier and it could spiercy theorist for years. Yeah, I lost a lot of my social medias. I was heavily attacked. I was arrested in Germany for calling all of this a scam from day one. And I take credit for that because everyone else was a fucking pussy. It was you and I on day one calling this a scam. And now Fauci's been called on tape admitting that the whole thing was made up. They locked you in your house. They destroyed your business. They took her money away. They stopped you seeing loved ones. They perpetuated fear. They destroyed your holidays. They killed your veins.  with poison all for a fucking lie. You said in an interview that you gave as part of an audiobook written by Michael Specter that you believed an institutional should make it hard for people to live their lives so they'd feel pressured to get vaccinated. Could we run the audio clip on that please? You think can be done about it. I have to say that I don't see a big solution other than some sort of mandatory vaccination. I know federal officials don't like to use that term. Once people feel empowered and protected legally, you are going to have schools, universities and colleges, I'm going to say you want to come to this college buddy, you're going to get vaccinated. Lady, you're going to get vaccinated. Big corporations like Amazon and Facebook and all of those others are going to say you want to work for us to get vaccinated. And it's been proven that when you make it difficult for people in their lives.  They lose their ideological bullshit. You know what? Maybe most people, but not us, because you made it fucking difficult for me in my life, the Matrix. You took away all my banks, banned me on everything, put me in jail, locked me away from my fucking children, lied about me in the mainstream media, slandered me, locked me in my house, stuck me in Romania for three fucking years, and I haven't learned a fucking thing. So, some men are bad. I will never buy into your crap. Ever. Ever. Some men are built different, and it only takes a few men who are built different to inspire the others. My brother and I have been monumental in the push back against the Matrix and the cracking of the damn. Everything you now see online when people tell the truth is down to Elon opening up the platform, rumble, allowing us to speak, and my brother and I, those are the three largest forces. And a lot of people now are online talking their shit like they're based, but when the fucking battle was going on, they were shitting their pants. No one has been seen.  He taken the legal cases, taken the arrests, dealing with the pain, us. So we are the reason people can speak freely. We deserve that credit forever. We made the world more based, and they tried to make our life difficult. They made it more difficult than most people will ever experience, and we have still refused to bend. We have still refused to break when you shoot a man with your last bullet and he stands there unfazed. Fuck you. You know what, Matrix, fuck you. Yeah, and you know what, fuck you. Genuinely fuck you. Never for a fucking second. Never in the back of my mind on the darkest night that I consider buying your bullshit and shutting up for a fraction of a second. Never once. You've done all you've done to me, and I never even considered surrender once. But life would have been harder. Frankly, I've had a fun fucking time as well, you know. They say it's better to be a warrior in a garden than a gardener in a war. Well, I've been a warrior in a war for a while, but I was built for this. What am I gonna do?  kill myself, take the vaccine, sell out. But you know what would have made it much, much harder if that fucking psychopath had won the presidential election. You know what I'm talking about. Well, Satan and a wig. That's Satan and a wig. Let's see, it's Satan and a wig here. We are all in this together. Satan and a wig in a bunch of fatties. And your vote is your power. So please make sure your voice is heard this November and register to vote at vote.gov. Can I get an A, man? Hey, man! Now on with the show. And remember, you better vote. And remember, you better, you know what's actually, I would actually say something serious here. The psychology is quite amazing. I'm going to run for president of the United States. This is my first address. I need to be surrounded by faggots and trainees.  Why? Why? Of all the things you could be surrounded by. Why not shoot something everybody likes? Puppies? I don't know, fucking pizza? Faggots and trannies, and then on top of that, the psychology of having some woman be a fucking token, typical, sassy black woman. I'm not being racist. I'm saying that's a token-esque personality trait to sit there and go, you better vote. And while I'm gonna sit there and go, wow, bro, wow, cool. That's like better vote. What the fuck? What the, not only is that a terrible idea, but even worse, it worked on some people. You know, we need to go around America now and find everybody who voted for Kamala and put them in reeducation camps. We just sit them down and say, what the fuck were you doing? Like, who, who convinced you? And when they sit there and go, a black woman told me on TV, a black woman convinced you. You know what's awesome? Because here's the important part about the United States. And I'm gonna say something very politically correct. I'm gonna say something very politically correct for the first time in my life.  If you are the president of the United States, you're president for everybody. You're president of the homosexuals, you're president for the blacks, you're president for the whites of the Mexicans, you're the president of every single legal citizen. So you think you can parade your weird dress up as women gays with the you better vote shit and make people vote? The Republicans had its own gay, and his name was Scott Pressler, and he got more people to vote than your crap ever did. You know why? Cause the fucking normal person talking about policy instead of you better vote. And that worked much better than your fucking plan. So I'll take your gays tell you to vote plan, one eight, and do it back to you. And Scott Pressler, what's your fucking ass? We'll raise you intelligent, hard working gay over sassy, useless gay. And we'll win. It's true. It's his true. Bro, bro, clown world. Clown world. Thank God that people didn't fall for this crap. Sassy black woman tell me what I better do. How about my ass? You better fuck off. How about you better fuck off? How about you fuck off? Fuck. Fuck.  POWAK menu na popuścić. Posłogatełowne, do<|jw|> To Daw may wedziedz dadurch do tego, co одного couldna już города u nas było. Chernik. Pani Przowani Częto, Szanowni Europosłowie, pani Urszulo, najwyższy czas, by ktoś wprost pani powiedział to, co pani myśli zdecydowana większość Europejczyków. Wybranie pani na stanowisko Przowani Częcej Komisji Europejskiej, poprzedniej kadencji było ogromnym błędem i niektórzy do dzisiaj mają kaca po tej decyzji. Jest pani twarzą Europejskiego Zielonego Ładu, który niszczy Europy Słongospodarkę i rolnictwo, który prowadzi do tego, że ze Europej robi się gospodarczy z Kansel. Jest pani twarzą wszystkich unijnych klimatycznych warjaz, które prowadzą do tego, że my Europejczy pytajemy się coraz w jedniejsi. Wreszcie jest pani twarzy.  znażą faktu migratyjnego i zwracam się do Pani jak kobieta do kobiety, jak matka do matki, jak Pani nie wstyd promować coś takiego jak fakt migratyjny który prowadzi do tego, że miliony kobiet w Europie i dzieci czuje się zagrożonych na ulicach swoich własnych miast. Odpowiada Pani za każdy dobrał, za każdą na pasz, za każdą tragedię, powodowano napływem nieleganych imigrantów, bo to Pani tych ludzi zaprasza tutaj na teren Europy i za to Pani, to jest to ciekawe, to jest to w porządku, i jeśli nie wstydzywamy do mnie do podkwyczajów podkwyczajów, to się zauważyjmy, bo mówimy o Ursula, w Europie i Unii, w kompletnym lekkojem Demokratii, i jak to jest to skam. Wtedy, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na krew, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na krew, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na lękach, na  blasted the fucking took a fucking bullet and he got up and he said fight fight fight what a fucking hero it doesn't get better than that purpose your game is globalists now you get to answer to make it up but yeah lick my islands up on my balls you know what America's back  You're fucking back soon. Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah. Donald Trump. Fuck yeah. Elon Musk. Fuck yeah. Twitter. Fuck yeah. Rumble. Fuck yeah. Nuh-uh-uh. Nuh-uh-uh. Nuh-uh-uh. You know what's amazing? Guys, please analyze. We're being professionals here. I think with the professional mind. They tried to assassinate Donald Trump. He got shot on the ear. He fell down. He got up and showed he was unafraid and prepared to die for his country and said fight, fight, fight, and people still voted for Kamala who had done nothing. How can your functioning mind choose a bimbo? Those surrounded by faggots over a man who takes a bullet and gets up and says fight, fight, fight, to take back the country. How can any sane idol then sit there and go, but I like Kamala's abortion policies. Are you retarded? It doesn't even make sense. Can't pour-  I think they tried. There's no fucking way a logical adult can still want Kamala to be president after seeing that. It's incredible. That's why we need to find out who the fuck these people are. It's dangerous and it's scary. Unbelievable and then they're on Twitter. Well, Trump's a mean guy. You are a fucking idiot. You are an idiot. Thank God he won. But the fact there was anybody at all supporting Kamala will make me lose faith in humanity. Speaking of buying the top, we talked about earlier about the guy buying the top. This guy super bought the top. Guy? Yes, he's a guy. Guy? He's a guy. Oh, Trump won. I can say that. Fine. He's a guy, Tristan. He's a guy. Okay. So you're a mate. This guy bought the top. He became a trainee and came out as a trainee when being a trainee was cool because all the fucking homos weren't charged. The homos were in the White House.  and the homos were on TV. A band in your woman, a band in your kid, dress up like a girl. Oh, and then he got caught being a fucking pedo, didn't they like messaging 12 year old to picture of his dick or something? Yeah, then he got caught being a pedo, but he got to wave with it because he's gay. And he caught the top, he bought the top of being a tranny because back then being a tranny matter. Yeah, it was cool and it was getting cooler and he transitioned. And then he got rug pulled by the dams. He got rug pulled. He got rug pulled and now the Republicans in charge. Everyone hates trannies. He's disappeared from the internet. He has no future, no family, nobody cares about him, no money, sitting around and addressed, depressed, and checking himself with hormones, still looking like a fucking dude. He bought the top on being a tranny when nobody gives a single shit about him or a stupid transition or his point of view or his garbage anymore. If Satan and a wig had won, he'd be all over the TV, he'd be famous, he'd get all these contracts, all these deals, all this bullshit, and instead Trump won, and the absolute opposite has happened. He's ruined his life, so he's lost his family, lost his job, lost his relevance, lost his platforms, lost everything, and the only reason he did it, so he could put a dress on and fucking get fucked in the bar.  bought the top on being a faggot. What, wrong timing. If you would have done it four years earlier, you could have enjoyed a whole Biden presidency. You probably could have gone to the White House. You could have got butt fucked in the Senate building like the other gay guy did. Could have eaten some poo in Spain. Could have had a great time. But no, he bought at the end, got rug pool by the dams. Now he's sitting at home by himself, eating his own poo, his own boyfriend's poo. Didn't even get a free trip to Spain. What a fuck. Yeah, he bought Zeppelin Stokes right before the Hindenburg disaster, didn't he? Absolutely. I don't know who's old enough to remember that. I'm old. I'm old. Do you remember when these terrible racists stuck up for their people and their family in their country? Oh, and the people were mad because three little girls got putschered to death. And like eight more got fucking stabbed. I'm gonna get pissed. I'm gonna get pissed. Oh, I'm pissed. Okay, so let me get this straight. I don't give a shit. What your political ideology.  is far right thugs far right thugs I don't care if you're far right far left if I were a fucking communist I'd be furious that children were stabbed you got a North Korea a communist regime and stab kids they will be pissed being mad at kids being stabbed doesn't actually make you politically far right or far left at all has anyone asked these people who they voted for what their political ideologies are everyone's a far right thug though far right thugs because kids got murdered and they was a jail for tweeting about it for tweeting misinformation about it yeah some newspapers reported that he was maybe a Muslim maybe he wasn't a Muslim maybe he was this maybe he wasn't that I tell you what he fucking was he was a wandon and his dad came from a country that just committed a massive massacre with knives over to England and then he's  Why was gonna grow up normal? Why did you let his father in? Oh, they just put you to each other. Everyone in in in Rwanda's just killed each other with knives. Some of them wanna come to England. Let's let them in. Absolute clown. You know what? In fact, no, I'll go a bit further. I'm sick of people talking about it to Erty, WNT immigration, racist, racist, well white people in England commit crimes too, but let me break it down in the most simple way possible. Let's pretend the population of England is 100 people, okay? Maybe 10 of them are criminals. Maybe 10 of them are murderers. Maybe 10 of them are rapists. You can't stop all crimes from a native population committing crimes amongst our own people. You can't stop criminals. We need to put them in jail. We need to bring them to justice. But let me tell you something. If the population of England is 100 people and 10 people are murderers and psychopaths, they commit their crimes and they should go to prison. Absolutely, I'm not justifying at all, but I'm telling you, if you increase the population of England by 100 more...  right? And only one of the new people who comes is a murderer and a rapist and a psychopath or a terrorist. Then you should have let zero of them in because the life of one native citizen is not worth trying to be the fucking nice guy. So when people say, well, violence against women only 38% of crimes against women and rapes were committed by by refugees. So white people to shut up because you could reduce the number by 38% immediately by not letting them the fucking in the first place. Yeah. Forders who commit crimes need the death sentence or they need to fucking go. And if you don't know who they are and you don't know they have a criminal past, or you don't know they took part in the fucking or abandoned genocide and are raising a family to be psychos like them, you don't fucking let them in at all. Be like Poland. Absolutely. Perfectly said. A native population there will be a certain percentage of it which commit crimes that cannot be avoided. However, you can avoid letting people in who commit  crimes. It's like saying, here's 10 chocolate bars to her poison. Do you want to eat one? What kind of fucking retard will go? Well only 20% of them kill people. So I guess the other 80% are fine. Everyone should just hand out to chocolate bars. No. If I said to you that 20% of these 10 chocolate bars are poisonous, you wouldn't hand them out to fucking 10 random people because you understand that have some her poisonous none can be eaten because it's impossible to know which ones are poisonous. And it's exactly the same with letting in fuckers who do not respect British life. Do not respect British culture. Do not respect the sanctity of life at all. And that doesn't make you fucking racist. It makes you very sensible because they're not adding very much to the country, but they're certainly taking things away like three little girls lives. And when you talk about this, you face criminal convictions like we are. A bunch of people are now rotting in jail for telling the truth, but in England, if you walk around committing crime, most of them are the police don't even show up. One of them killed himself, grandfather, 67 years old. Absolutely fucking disgusting. And the media, the BBC, all of the  are complicit in this by trying to paint the people who are concerned that their country no longer looks like the country they remember. The people around them don't speak the same languages then. The people around them they have no finity too. They're afraid to walk the streets at night and three little girls got fucking stabbed to death. The media saying those are the bad ones, not the ones who are coming into crime. They're the bad ones because they're far right thugs. The same media, which is run by a bunch of fucking pedophiles. The same media which is run by pedos, which is slandering us all day, while committing sexual crimes, I mean found guilty of them themselves. Fucking unbelievable. Remember this dipshit. Oh wait, so, so, okay, so the people with me and I get it. You're mad. You're shouting things at the police. Maybe the things you're shouting are racist. Maybe the things you're shouting. I mean, three little girls died. We could forgive a few fucking mean words. People were pissed. All right. People were pissed. But so I assume this pedophile got what equal jail time, double the jail time at least. Oh no, he didn't go jail. Oh no, he didn't go jail. Because what you have to understand is child porn, child porn, we need to delete the word child porn from the voc-  These children are not fucking porn stars. He facilitates facilitated the rape of kids. Kids got raped because there is a market for it because people are paying for it. People like him who had images of children being raped, footage of children being raped on his phone, and while you had some images of child porn, suspended sentences and all fucking porn stars are they? Hugh Edwards, he piece of shit. You should be in jail with all the fucking family men who have gone to jail for financial fraud and shit so they can fuck you up. And he's the one saying that we were sexual crime. Oh, do you remember him? Andrew Trisha are dangerous to young men? Young boys go raped because you bought the images you fucking come. I'm the danger to young men who have turned into new push-ups fucking clown world. That's why England is so is fallen so heavily. It's truly disgusting. And the fact that they try and breed out of the native population any kind of...  of masculine essence of resistance. They've tried so hard to shut a one down and teach them a lesson for standing up for the murder of three innocent little girls. And the most disgusting thing about all of this is that nothing has changed. There's been no public inquiry. Both show up every day. Both show up every day. There's no inquiry to discuss how we stop stabbings. There's no inquiry to discover where this person came from. No, crack down. There's no crack down. There's no security implementation at schools. There is no new laws. All they did was lock up the people who talk about it. And they let it keep happening. There is a new law. There is a new law to be fair. The new law is let violent offenders out of jail early so we could fill it up with the people who post on Facebook. That's the new law. That's their solution. That's the solution. They let a whole bunch of criminals out so they could fill it up with the people who talk about this and they passed no laws to protect children at all. There's no inquiry about it. No one wants to talk about it. And if you ask these pieces of shit currently in charge of the UK government, labor, you ask Jess Phillips, look at her face. You can see on her face, she's fucking dumb. You can just see.  that she's thick as fuck, and she's standing there and doesn't give a shit about your children, doesn't give a fuck about the safety of the population, all she's doing is standing around, trying to lock up anybody who talks about how it necks she is. And people are evil. And people are evil. And then David Lamy, that fat fucking goofy cunt who has a low IQ, won't shut the fuck up about Putin and Russia, let me explain something to you, David Lamy. Not a single fucking person in England cares about Vladimir Putin, do you understand that? Their kids are being murdered. New cunts are showing up every single day, who commit crimes, and what percentage of those people show up are Russian? Zero, shut the fuck up about Putin, David Lamy. Do something about your fucking towns and cities in England, you thick cunt. Nobody gives a fuck about sending money to Ukraine. If you would have said every single person in England, do you want to send money to Ukraine, or give the money to old age pensioners who have lost their winter allowance, or secure schools or our children are safe, from the psychos we allowed in by boat, who we don't know they are, military age males, or higher more police officers.  So we could take our fucking cities back nobody would choose to do this Ukraine put more and that's all he Talks about because he's a globalist piece of shit who is owned like the conservatives were as well that hold two party system To failed parties owned by the same interests which are the interest in doing Destroying the UK economy and destroying the UK fabric. It's absolutely disgusting Truly the fact that any of these people any of these people who are outraged at the death of little girls are in jail is one of the most heinous miscarriages of justice on modern times Truly disgusting and most people have forgotten about it already never fucking forget I don't get me know what cuz you can get mad and people are gonna tweet me. Oh, he said this He said that he said this I'm half black if you if someone black stabbed little girls and some people are angry They're marching the streets using the N word. Let me just say justified outrage. Oh, I'll forgive your bad language I'm not gonna put you in fucking prison your past because little girls were fucking murdered. I don't care if you and  Oh fucking people of color race religion whatever you didn't do anything violent people are gonna send me their words and be like But he said this they shouldn't be in fucking jail. They were pissed. I'm pissed now Absolutely, but instead of fixing anything important what they do is they hold the Olympics and they make sure that Trannies once again for some reason before Trump won Trannies were very very important Trannies were everywhere Trannies were the most important thing in the world and any kind of cultural event had to have a Tranny in it for some reason every single thing that happened there was a tranny God a coffee at Starbucks tranny took a piss a tranny holds your dick go to the car wash There's a tranny stand in there just waving at you. Hi tranny Olympics tranny There's a concert tranny presidential election. There's a tranny kids schools tranny You couldn't get away from these people. They were fucking everywhere. There's a tranny everywhere Now we have the Olympic torch in Paris and for some reason I can't possibly fathom with my brilliant mind  how you can make the connotation and connection between trannies and sports. I don't think there was a single transgender athlete. Maybe there was a tranny for some reason was evolved into biggest sporting event in history with the torch. She's never been an athlete, she's never competed, she's never done anything, doesn't have a gold medal, achieved nothing in her life, but for some reason there had to be a tranny. And who protested this at the Friends' Embassy? You, a Muslim British man, and me. Wild. Absolutely fucking wild. And then, even worse than that, there was the opening ceremony where they desecrated Jesus Christ. Last supper? Was desecrated once again with fucking tranny bullshit, a bunch of trannies, little kids, pedophilia, and mocking Jesus Christ. Why? I can't tell.  you why. There is no reason why. For some reason there had to be trannies and they had to mock God. The only possible reason is because their satanish pieces of shit which are trying to destroy the fabric of society. That's the only possible reason. But I don't understand why they had to have a tranny and everything. Even here if you watched this video closely, watch the man in black. Look at the throat slitting, the throat slitting gesture he makes next to this little girl. Watch this. Why why are you why are you first sitting next to a little girl. Look at the man in the black jacket. Unless you want to actually like I don't know, Satan is pedophile. These people are pen cannot come fast enough. These people are fucking disgusting. For you Marine Le Pen. Absolutely. I don't think actually this is a second. I don't think most people realize the cloud we've escaped. The last four years we lived under were the most evil heinous years. People going.  to jail for sticking up for little girls who were stabbed in the street by people who shouldn't even be in the country. Jesus Christ mocked openly. Transsexuals in every single possible event TV show Netflix, you fucking name it, cultural event, every single thing that happened had to have gays and transsexuals in it. Nobody knows why. Trying to chop your children's balls off. They came for everybody. We just escaped a very dark period of history and it was extremely close because they killed Trump. The reality we be living in right now would be a terrible one. We be as bad as those guys in motherfucking Moscow jail. This is disgusting. And what upset me most was the video I made after that is that nobody even fucking cared. People complained a bit on Twitter and there was no protest. So it was down to you and I to go protest ourselves. And before we play this video, I think you should get some context about how much this nearly cost us with our personal freedom. Yes. Organizing a protest of more than five people needs a permit. Now Andrew and I at the time still had this case hanging over. Had the case that is now dismissed. If you commit any crime while on the judicial control we were under, you go straight back to jail.  More than five people is a protest without a permit, which is technically a crime. I was ready to be thrown in prison for doing this because I turned up with nine or 10 of my friends who are good Christian men themselves and we fucking protested outside the French embassy. We were warned not to by lawyers and politicians and everyone important and we stood there like men ready to go to jail. We expected to be thrown in jail for this and we still did it because it was disgusting. It was absolutely disgusting with that whole French Olympic committed young. And once again, I like to think at all realms of time. I think about all time frames at once. Who's the little homo who made that fucking opening ceremony? His face was all over Twitter for a few days. What's he doing now? Where is he? He's still in Paris. What is he still in Paris eating poo somewhere? There's a little homo who desecrated Jesus Christ fucked up the Olympic ceremony opening for no reason and he sat there with a bunch of trannies and now he's sitting around Paris eating poo. Who is he? Where is he? What's he up to next? What are his future plans? Because he's planning something else which is heinous. He must be. He's fucking sick.  He's sitting around, planning things that are heinous, eating poo from an anus. And I want him found, find him. Instead, France arrests his pavle for telling the truth on telegram. Instead of arresting the fucking poo ear. He said he's fucking eating poo. He's eating fucking poo. That's not fine dined. That's not perigian cuisine. That's not fine dining. I mean, I'm not a massive fan of French food, but I know it's not turds. Michelin chocolate starfish. Guys, I believe you're most of you are Christians on a Muslim. Yes, this is Romania, a supposed to eat the most Christian country in Europe. You cannot allow them to desecrate something as important as the last supper. We're transsexuals and middle children. Peter Filia, there has to be a point you stand up to your beliefs. If you have something in life and you don't stand up for it, it won't last. If you have a house, you don't maintain it, it will fall down. Business, you don't work, it's gone. Relationship, you don't take care of or shall leave you. It's the same with religion. If you Christians don't start standing.  up for things. When they mock you publicly and openly, you'll have no religion left. It doesn't matter, it's a matter of time. Especially now Romania and all these other countries have opened the border. Millions of people who come here are not Christian. And if you don't say, this is a Christian country and you respect Christianity, they won't respect it either. It's the end. And it's the man's job. It's the job of men to defend things. This is what a man is supposed to do. It's man and woman for a reason, but the man is a fighter. The man not to stand up and fight against these things. Guys, this is supposed to be the most Christian country in Europe. When they try this crap again, I expect to see you all at the next embassy wherever it is. Thank you guys. Let me tell you what I know, Andrew. Let me tell you what I know. I know that the corrupt prosecutor who's trying to put us in jail was barking orders down the phone to try and put us in jail at that moment. You know what you know him, the cry. They're doing a protest.  Okay, proof human trafficking, but we need to put them in jail that he's barking orders all around decar And all around the Romanian authorities and there were being there were people were screaming into telephones to put us in jail for that But someone someone because as I said this is not a Romanian problem This is a few bad actors in what is actually quite a decent country filled with many decent people Someone said you know what I'm not throwing those men in jail for defending Jesus Christ This guy's a Muslim Jesus is an important prophet to him. This guy's a Christian Jesus Christ is his Lord and Savior I'm not putting these men in jail for defending Jesus Christ and someone in Romania saved us I don't know who you are, but thank you very much. I appreciate not going to jail, but I was ready This is Thomas Jolly the person who was in charge of making a ritual to open the Olympics to insult Jesus Christ and mock Execute children on national television. He is a little gay who is now currently in Paris eating poo If anybody sees him can you remind him that desecrating Jesus Christ is never gonna be art? It's never gonna be interesting. It's never gonna be funny. You're not edgy. You're a little pooier And it's disgusting. I think he's in Spain right?  now. It's a vacation. He's got a South Korea next. There's a free, free banquet. Fucking free for all. You can eat buffet. These people are fucking disgusting. Don't forget his face. He's a poo eater for the rest of his life. And what he's done should reward eternal mocking, eternal damn nation, eternal ostracization. What he did was fucking vile. Do not let these people forget. I know we're living in a time back human. We forget everything happened in 24. Get away with it. Don't let him get away with it. Absolutely. So if you're French and you're the head of any committee and Marine Le Pen comes in and you're like, hmm, you know what? We're French. We're going to do something cool. I don't know. Maybe we're going to do another reenactment of the battle of water. We're going to do something cool. And he comes along. Hello. I would like to apply for the job of the big cultural event. You have to say, get the fuck out. Nailed. Poo eating kick about your office. Well, I mean, I know we talked about the Southport attacks.  and I know that's gonna get us in jail, and I know we shouldn't talk about it, because to be fair though. No, I will fuck you, sir. No, the British government have done a really good job at protecting children, because now what they've done is after passing no laws at all. Okay. Here, we had the record-breaking day where 800 military age males who nobody knows where they're from, from war zones, which probably have mental health issues, because they've seen a lot of people die and grew up in a very violent environment have arrived on the shores of the UK, and they get free hotel, free accommodation, they get to stay for free on the minute amount of time, and they're now living amongst us and your children are no longer safe, but of course, if you talk about those things on the internet you will go to jail. Very interesting and we have the article here, thank you very much, you take that moment. No, no, no, no. The position thing is from the home window. The home window! The home window. They're a little bit earlier on. They are saying this morning that 703 migrants were detected crossing the English Channel yesterday. Now that would be the highest number on a single day since Sakeer's Starmer became Prime Minister, and the third highest daily number so far this year. Where's Sir John Jarvis?  need him. Where's Nelson? With the royal fucking Armada? Where's the admiral? Where's HMS victory? Where's the fucking Navy? Where's the, this is fucking England? Nelson would never have let this happen. He would have armed the fucking 24 pounder guns and he would have fucking sunk those bullshit boats. You don't have a country if you don't have a fucking border. You don't have a country if you don't have a border. Unbelievable 700 people in one day. The worst thing is we have the best natural border in the world. It's the reason we became a world superpower. We have the English Channel defended by the royal Navy and we can't stop fucking fucking inflatable dingy. A flatable dingy. With murderers. With murderers. And now your children are no longer safe. But if you talk about that, you go to jail. You do. Fucking failed society and as for the  Of course they'll report on you go into jail, but they won't report on all the murders committed by these people They try and hush all that shit up. By the way, here's another person who worked for them who got caught fucking dogs Another BBC reporter was fucking dogs like a British crocodile expert They don't talk about the fact he had a show on the BBC He's a crocodile expert and was jailed for sexual abuse of dogs because he was fucking them in the ass These are the people who are in charge of the media who are telling you that you should you're a far right thug for wanting your children alive If you don't want your children dead, you're a far right thug Unfucking real Unfucking real So to life of BBC and here we are Even when even as the riots are ongoing because people realize there's no political solution It doesn't matter if you vote for labor, it doesn't matter if you vote for conservative They're the same fucking shit side of the same shit coin. They won't stop people coming in the country They won't protect your children. They won't take positive action They won't do anything to prevent murder of little girl  on the streets of the UK, a formerly brilliant country. So when people find they've had enough, because all democratic solutions have failed, and they start to protest, which is their right. Well, they start to protest, which is their right. They're attacked and locked in jail. So here we are, having the mainstream media pretending that these people had no justification for what they did, and they shouldn't even be mad. So, by Matthew Thompson now, to talk through this. So Matthew, the last point there is crucial, isn't it? Some people might be sharing simply to warm their friends, but it could be considered an offense, because they're amplifying this. Absolutely, and that's the key message, is that, however you, you know, think you're acting innocently on social media, whatever platform it is, you're just sharing something for whatever reason, that could potentially be a criminal offense. And look, it's a criminal offense to share something we don't like potentially. Fuck off, fuck off. Yeah, I'm going to keep sharing it, and you know what? Put me in jail. I'm an American citizen, and I'm guaranteed the right to be free.  speech by my constitution and you could suck my dick. I'm not in England and I'm posting things on an American website from outside the territory of England using my fucking god-given First Amendment of my constitution and you can fuck off. If you're gonna put me in jail, fucking put me in jail, I'm not scared of jail. This scumbag then goes on the news to talk about new laws for locking up people who tweet but no new laws to protect little girls from getting stabbed to death. Not a single one. Crime is crime and so to that end, I can announce today that following this meeting, we will establish a national capability across police forces to tackle violent disorder. These thugs of mobile, they move from community to community- Shut the fuck up. Fixed- Shut the fuck up here. Shut the fuck up and save little girls from getting stabbed instead of trying to arrest the people who highlight the problem. You want to arrest a person who highlights the problem as opposed to fix the problem itself. And as I said, I don't want the problem-  to go away. I don't care what they said. I don't care what they shouted. They were fucking angry. I'd be angry too. I'm angry right now. Absolutely disgusting. All of our western nations are failing in real time. France arrests Pavle, the owner of Telegram, because they don't allow him to have a backdoor access to get everybody's IP to arrest you for thought crimes. So Pavle goes to jail while Pooeyers roamed the streets freely. The founder of the Dubai-based messaging platform Telegram just arrested in Paris this weekend over content moderation policies. The app has long faced scrutiny for enabling cyber criminals and extremism. Oh, it faced scrutiny for extremism. Oh, is he even poo extreme? Is he fucking dogs? Is he fucking? Yeah, is he, is he having sex little boys and filming it? Because that's pretty extreme. Is mocking Jesus Christ on the Olympic ceremony with that be considered extreme? What did he do? Those things that nobody went to jail for be considered extreme? Because Pavle went to jail. But if you have sex with little boys or if you stab little girls or if you talk about it or if you eat poo or if you decide to...  Assault Jesus Christ to the entire world that's all fine But if you don't let them have a back door into telegram so they can arrest anybody who complains about it privately to their friends You're a criminal get fucked fucking clown shit fucked get a fucking clown show and after we highlight at all these things After we set all these things on the internet after we made it clear how the matrix works now unfair all this Oh your mates show no guess what they did they rated our house again through us and jail and stole our stuff again Again they came and did it again Well, they knew their first case was gonna get thrown out because it's based on bullshit What a great way to waste more years of our time. I'll disprove this one and you know what? Faggot's if you're gonna make me disprove this one and make me sit here for two years I'll disprove the next one as well and the next one I'll sit here for eight to ten years locked in Romania Disproven your fucking cases because I've already done everything my life's amazing I've done everything I've been everywhere. I have no problem sitting here fighting against injustice to hide out Fucking corrupt Romania is so the world  doesn't know that now. All you've done is make yourself look like a corrupt backwards fucking third rate kangaroo bullshit country. Let me, let me corrupt, let me correct that. What the prosecutors in my case have done, Romanians, good Romanians is make all of you look like corrupt communist losers. This guy has ruined your international reputation. You think any business people with influence are gonna come and move here and live a nice life now? Zero percent chance. We were the canary in the coal mine. We thought we'd just move here and live a nice law abiding life and look what they did to us. You can forget about foreign investment. They stole all of our stuff, threw us in jail for 24 hours and they tried to get a court to hold us back in jail without trial. And the judge let us go after 24 hours. And this was my speech. God bless the judge. God bless the judge. You out, okay? Free man. No difference. Yes? No difference. Of course. Better than OK. Hmm. We're free.  I'm going to say something to everybody. Listen to me. I moved to Romania 10 years ago. And I found an amazing country full of beautiful people. And I told the whole world about Romania. Did you mention the name Romania? Anywhere on the world they'll say, and you take it there, and you take it there. I've done nothing but homogenous countries. I've done nothing but say fantastic things about Romania and the state. And when I did this, people would say to me, if Romania is so nice, if it's so safe, it's so beautiful. Why is it like such a bad reputation? There's probably a few bad actors, a few bad people who destroy the entire reputation. But the few fools at decal who just came along and told us that the mothers of our children are somehow human trapping. I've been nice, I've been patient, I've played the game, I've respected the judiciary, I've gone to every appointment on time. But they've bust in my house again. And now come along saying, there's 35 victims. You know all 30 of those girls. 30 of them have statements in our defense. 30 saying we've done absolutely nothing wrong. But two more of the mothers of our children. And two more of the mothers of our children.  I've never even been to Romania, they've even been here. They just found random girls who knew in other countries and made them sign pieces of paper. This is a setup. It's absolutely disgusting. Fair play to that judge who saw through the bullshit and let us free. And also one more thing. The media is complicit. All of you are. When they first threw us in fucking jail. When they first put us in there, you're all running around saying human trafficker. None of you said where's the evidence? Where's the proof? Where's the pictures? Where's the videos? None. Three years later, they do the same fucking bullshit. And you're all sitting there going, human trafficking. I'm not human trafficker clearly. If you human trafficking someone, there is evidence. This is a setup. It's a stitch up. The three prosecutor that's called in my house. I said, why are you here? There's no case. They said, there's a case that we make one. This is a fucking setup. All of it is. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to talk to you, sir. Why? We're going to run. We're going to run. This is a setup. It is done on purpose. And it is designed to come up with the most heinous possible crimes.  And every single Romanian citizen should be disgusted that they are spending millions of euros Wasting their times are but innocent men and jail instead of fixing the roads fixing the hospitals fixing this country of a beautiful country for a beautiful People and three idiots and decal have fucked everything ask for money longer Sure, I'll approach that money laundry no problem Supposedly we're money-longers because we buy luxury goods and we try and hide that we buy luxury goods for other people and hide our money If you buy your girlfriend a handbag in Romania, they charge who is fucking money laundering. This is disgusting Disgusting we have children. This is disgusting. Thank you How's that working out by the way that case Romania Prosecutors how's that working out for you? Oh? The judge said it's not even worth a trial. All right. Thanks for wasting two and a half years of my life fucking clowns But this is happening all across the western world that Irish teacher has gone to jail. Enoch Powell tell the story of Enoch well the story of Enoch Powell  this. Enoch Powell refuses to call a boy a girl in his school. He's a teacher and he's a Christian and he's a good man. He spent 500 days in jail because they I kiddo the law. They I kiddo the law to punish dissidents, to punish people who speak out against insane agendas. Oh, of course he's not in jail for saying for not saying they them. Of course he's not in jail for that. He was in jail because he wouldn't say they them and they told him to stay away from the school because he's causing emotional stress to the trans kid and he because it's his job keeps showing up to school to teach the kids science. So that's why he's violating an order on child safety and emotional distress. 500 days he spent in prison. 500 days.  They are making an example out of him to punish dissidents who don't follow the script. That's all they're fucking doing. Nothing to do with protecting kids mental health. He's trying to teach science to kids for a very low salary in his time with his life. He's doing the most important job besides maybe farming, which is educating the next generation and bringing them up to speed with all the fantastic discoveries we've made as human beings over the last 6,000 years. And he needs to go to jail because as a science teacher, he won't say a boys or girl. Mental free and outpower. Gentlemen, I've shown you maybe 10% of the stories I had for 2024. 2024 was a very chaotic year and so many things happened that you don't even remember most of them. We all suffer from TikTok brain to some degree now. The world is moving so quickly and what scary is, although you may recollect some of these stories and there's a bunch you don't remember is that you remember last New Year's  like it was yesterday. Time is flying. The world is speeding up. As AI comes into power, as computers gain more and more control, as human capital becomes less and less valuable, the world will move faster than ever before. Technological advancements will come quicker than they ever have. You'll be expected to react, to act, to do things faster than they've ever been done. The world is getting quicker and the point of this emergency meeting was to highlight you how quickly it's already moving, how fast you're already forgetting, how a year can disappear in the blink of an eye. It is only going to get worse. 2025 perhaps may be the best year of your life. I like to believe, after living through all of this insanity in these dark days, that better days are coming. Thank God Trump won. There are some huge plans to reform Western civilization as a whole. Light is the best disinfectant and light is now being broadcast and shine on all of the disgusting horrible heinous acts that are being committed by people who've worked  time. We have hope now, which means that this is the year we must win harder than we've ever won. And it is our goal and our New Year's resolution to ensure we do exactly that. Once we regain our geographical freedom, which will happen sometime this year, the Daddy World Tour in conjunction with the real world will happen globally, from Bangkok to fucking Baton Rouge, Louisiana. We're going to be everywhere, meeting all of our fans, pumping Daddy to the moon, controlling the crypto markets, and making sure that the real world students win monumentally because we have four short years of sanity before we run the risk of falling back into the precipice of darkness. It is for this reason that although you can be happy that the election was won, although you can be happy a good year is coming, you cannot rest on your laurels and get lazy. You must make hay while the sun shines because a rainy day is sure to come again. And last year was absolutely insane. It was crazy. I like to believe this year will be...  be better, but we're only three days in, sorry, two days in, not even four a hours, 36 hours in, and already cyber trucks are blowing up outside of hotels with killing people in assassination attempts against the president and Elon Musk. It may be a wild ride, but if you learn to surf, you can win. Gentlemen, this is the year for winners. It's going to get harder and harder for a loser to win. It's going to be easier and easier for a winner to win. So I want you guys to knuckle down, lock in, and pay a lot of attention because 2025 has to be a year that we all remember filled with amazing stories. I'm pissed. I'm pissed. Those news stories, bro. I'm mad. I'm pissed. I'm pissed. I'm pissed. I'm, I'm reading all the others I have. I haven't been shown. I am pissed. Tristan. I am. I am pissed. No. I am pissed. No. I am pissed. No. I'm fucking pissed. I'm fucking pissed. Tristan, they're fucking scum.  There's pieces of shit. I am pissed. They're liars. All they do is lie and try and subjugate and destroy the masculine spirit of protection and remove the fabric of society, the very basic things that Capsule is functioning for so long. We're not even allowed to protect our own children. I am pissed! Well, let's take this into the 2025 and although we've done a pretty good job. We've had an amazing year to be fair. We've been a thorn in their side, but I feel like we can do more damage. Before we go, you just reminded me of something We had an amazing year. There's a tweet. I want to mention here. Let me load it up. Oh, our year recap for all the people who are like, The Tates were locked in Romania for a year. We put together a short compilation, didn't we? Of all the things we've done this year. Man, if you're honest with yourselves and you compare yourself to us, you're gonna realize how bad the humanum mentally failed and the primary objective of that is to inspire you to try harder this year.  A few important tweets that I've tweeted in the last few days, let's find them. Because we fucking killed it this year. And we've had a wonderful fucking time. Let me find the important tweets. We have, we have this guy who has his gay sons, openly gay sons. I mean, showers, naked. Shower's naked with them. He's very string. Every time someone hates on us, they always see their words into weird shit. Yeah, it's a pido. Everyone hates all the sense of being a pido file. So he's a pido. And then we also have, we're an important tweet, I tweeted. Ah, actually, this is a tweet this morning. The UK is far worse than people realize. It's the most dystopian failed state where personal safety from criminals is impossible to buy or find due to lack of armed security. And you live in a perma fear of murderous criminals and the police. The theater kids in charge cry all day about misogyny, native men doing anything remotely masculine, and threatened to lock you in jail for even a joke under the guise of protecting women while allowing hundreds of thousands of military age men from the third world to arrive on boats and attack women. They punish the native people.  for following the rules. Never ending tax increases in restrictions with police intimidation are standard practice. While those without respect for the culture or law are treated with kid gloves to avoid igniting racial tensions. Stab someone to death and you're from the third world, not your fault. You must have been angry that day, six months in jail. Tweet your unhappy about it, locked up for years. Three little girls got stabbed to death and the video I made in response to them got charged by the CPS and now facing extra edition to the UK for jail. The UK foreign office has lobbied Romania to remove me from the internet due to the devastating effect I have had on young boys. I'm being touted with a charge under the terrorism act for God knows what. I guess I'll find out when I get there. Members of parliament complain about me all day and do nothing to fix the rapes, drugs or crime. Reform is needed, not only politically, but spiritually. They scared the native man with the latest rounds of political jailing for standing up for his country. Do not go quietly into the night people of the UK. I'd your Farage, it's Britain's last hope.  Yeah, he is and there's a lot of good people on team reform and They're the only people with any shot of winning that can bring any semblance of normality back to the island Gentlemen, this is what a winner's year should sound like I want you guys if you're inside of the real world I'm gonna launch a new product. I've just thought of this now the top of my head. I'm gonna speak to tech after this show Excuse me I'm gonna launch a new feature for the real world. I'm gonna speak to tech after this show I'm gonna get it all built out where you can track your substantial Achievements throughout 2025 and then on the first day of 2026 it will make a list like this for you every time you achieve something big you write it down You track the date and at the end of the year it's gonna automatically compile a list for you So you can keep track of how good of a year you've had if you join the real world if you pay attention If you focus if you work and you fill out that If you fill in that feature along with doing all the work increasing your power level and making money You should have a fantastic list  which can rival mine at the end of this year. You have wasted 2024. If I asked you to tell me what you have done in 2024, you couldn't name more than five things, and probably three of them wouldn't matter at all. But if you try hard and you focus, if you join the real world now, you can fill in the feature which we're going to launch, and you can enjoy a list like this. Let me tell you how a winner's year sounds. This is everything my brother and I have achieved in 2024 alone. 65 take confidential episodes. 68 emergency meeting episodes. Over 75 items launched on topg.com. Three series of comic books written and launched on dngcomics.com. 23 hyper super cars purchased, including bagaddies, cuttings eggs, and baguettes. Revolutionary fireblood supplement launched on topg.com. Here, all of the vitamins you need in one simple scoop, 10,000 percent of every single vitamin it tastes disgusting because it's good for you. Our official intelligence campus added to the real world. Champions program launched inside of the real world. Fundraiser.com is so far funded over 31.  million dollars of startup companies. A hundred and forty foot luxury yacht commissioned. Four digit BTC holdings achieved. Escaped our second incarceration attempt. The first incarceration attempt was beaten in court. Three hundred and thirty four trainings completed. Over fifteen thousand orphans fed globally via tapepledge.com. Protested in respect for Jesus outside of the French Embassy post Olympic desecration. Eight team podcasts achieving over a hundred and ninety million combined views. Gave away a Trump adorned Lamborghini to a student of the real world. Much daddy coin. Burn a hundred and ten million dollars of crypto live on stream. We were convicted of tax evasion, which is the two point six million dollars they spent blowing up the hoosies. I guess they wanted their money back. Held war room summit for 250 soldiers at the Romania HQ. Funded sixty eight other war room events globally including Bangkok, Santiago and La Vela and Andora. Earn over a hundred and twenty five million US dollars across the state enterprises. Can glomerate. Launched optimized learning center inside of the real world. It's amazing how much you can achieve if you actually try. You should feel deep shame if twenty twenty four did not change or.  life. That's the kind of year you need to have if you want to be a winner. 2025 you should have a list which rivals ours. When we ask you at the end of 2025 what you've achieved, you should have a list which you can hold parallel to ours and not feel a deep sense of shame without feeling a deep sting of regret for how you have wasted your time. You've wasted 2024. All of these global events happen. You didn't even pay a fuck intention. You don't ever remember because you're too busy jerking off. 2025 can be the year to remember. You join the real world. You track your successes and we're going to talk again in exactly a year from now to see what you've achieved. I'm pissed. Bro, I'm pissed. We've had a good year though, Andrew. And you know what, 2025 is going to be an even better year. For me and you, we don't lose. It's either jail. Don't bet against the tape brothers. A lot of you in 2024 are betting against us, hoping that would be locked up forever, hoping we convicted cases been dropped. Second of it.  Destigation is gonna fall apart betting against us is never fucking smart hoping we go broke hoping something bad would happen Hoping we wake up one day sad I'm having the time of my fucking life doesn't matter if we go free or we go to jail We're gonna have the best time of our life you bet against me It's one of you gonna lose and the day we are free daddy is going to the fucking moon So friends that's it hope you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video and We will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see video like this I have nothing to do it because you two have this restriction on ended it So if you want to see the video you have to say like this and that's the way  only way. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly. So let's see it see you again. Goodbye.