 Hello friends, welcome to Ender Taste another video Hello everybody we're here in Dubai Thought we'd do an emergency meeting with our good friends very glad to be here and the energy in Dubai is actually very positive I like this place because it feels like it is completely one directional in terms of the fact that it's aimed towards endless progress and trying to globally win and attract The world's most wealthy, powerful, influential and capable people as opposed to being decentralized and crowded within fighting which is what a lot of the other countries Seemed to be plagued with nowadays and we're going to talk about this and how it affects your mind We have a brand new setup here. So I'm not sure how mr. Producer gets played Let me see if I can play mr. Producer because we can't do the podcast that mr. Producer we can we can't  You see that Tristan I click and it plays Mr. producer. I've reached such high levels of producing that I now control things with clicks with the move of a hand like an ancient king that decided the will decided the fate of his peasants whether they're Beheaded or not. I can just click and play videos. So be careful. That isn't true. Be careful. I saw you use the mouse You made that up. No, I clicked and I played I don't think that's true. I think you made that up. Anyway, I want to talk about Dubai quickly because I love being here I want to talk about actually before you talk about Dubai. I want to talk about our new studio  And I've got a name for it. Did you know that this studio is named? I named it about one second ago You know what I called it? What the studio of mosquitoes Nice very different to our studio back at home where when there's a mosquito or a foreign invader We can spray him with raid and nuke him to stop him from upsetting our podcasts Here the mosquitoes rain the mosquitoes are truly in charge of this studio nice Mosquito studio and you have to call me itchy foot Tristan. I don't have to call you that well what You're the one who set me up Okay, you've been working in leagues with the mosquitoes the entire time to make sure that one day we'd have a studio Where they could get me as much as they like and You know now that I've been discovered Perhaps that actually ties into our subject for today because I feel like After three years being locked inside of Romania My newfound freedom has given me some new perspectives of course we went to America first  and we went back to Romania and now we're in Dubai. We did all of America. And I've realized how much Western countries are constantly infighting with this endless power struggle. Let's actually analyze how much energy, collective energy, resource, and capabilities being directed towards effectively a civil war of ideas in countries like America, like England, like Europe, Republican versus Democrat, or Black versus White, or liberal versus conservative, whatever it is. Think how much energy and time is being constantly spent on infighting as opposed to inwardly improving the country or competing against enemies. And this is a very important point. Yes. So let's take it to country by country. In England, if you're the prime minister and you have the majority in parliament and you are mainly in the chairs in that room, every time you have an idea, you have to listen to 45% of that room argue with you and tell you why your idea is garbage, why you shouldn't.  be allowed to do your own idea, despite winning the election, and you have four years before you need to call another election, run, campaign, raise money, and see who gets to sit in those chairs. Every single thing cannot just be done by the prime minister, because he has a lot of losers on his own team who will betray him and vote against him, depending on the size of his majority. So that's England. And this is a thought experiment, right? Because democracy is inefficient for this reason, but the point of it is to avoid civil wars. The point of it is to avoid a hot war. So there's a constant, never-ending cold war of internal divisions, which Dubai does not struggle from. So Dubai's primary focus each day is to improve as a destination for the rich and the wealthy. All of the collective energy is being directed in that direction, which is why there's so monumentally effective and competitive globally. That's why that constantly win, which is why so much of the world's wealth is coming here.  people say Dubai has no soul. That's not true. Dubai has a soul and the soul is for winners. And Dubai is winner land, and people who don't win don't like Dubai, but people who endlessly win understand that their safety is probably the most important thing. And the fact that their assets and their money is protected is also the second most important thing. So Dubai is a winner's culture for winning people. And there is a soul here. The soul actually is the brutal efficiency of things. And when you talk about this, of course, people think you're advocating for kingdoms over democracy. And kingdoms can easily go wrong if you have a tyrant or a negative leader, of course. No system is perfect. But the whole point of democracy in the first place, the reason we're supposed to tolerate this endless, constant, cold civil war of ideas, and this decentralization of power structures. So we're living in brutally inefficient, political, and economic systems. The whole point of it is so that we can choose our leaders. Once you understand that you don't actually get to benefit from democracy when it comes to something.  something as simple as choosing who your leader is. Once you realize that it's rigged, which we now accept most of Europe is now completely a scam. Yeah, yeah. Then what's the point in democracy at all? At least with an absolute monarch, you could direct all of the potential energy, which is currently being spent on infighting towards improving the country at least. Yes. So democracy is brutally inefficient. It leads to a lot of division within the country itself. And now you don't even get to choose your leader anymore. Which is kind of hilarious, truthfully, that democratic norms are being promoted. And everyone's sitting around talking about democracy all the time, when it truly gains nothing, makes people hate each other, makes them argue nonstop. And at the end of it, the people who've done all the arguing don't even get to choose who their true leader is. Yeah, and that's not name any countries, but every single Eastern European nation, every Eastern block nation was sold this dream and they threw off the shackles of communism in the late 80s, early 90s, every single one of them from Czechoslovakia, Poland to...  Romania, etc. And they did all of this because the idea was look one person isn't in charge anywhere you yourself get to have a say You get to play a part and it turns out they if you have joined the European Union At any point since the fall of communism what you did was you left the iron curtain you left the Soviet Union and you joined What is basically a copycat version of what the Soviet Union was? I mean the people in charge of the European Union are unelected bureaucrats You don't get the vote for and they're in charge of everything ultimately in your country no matter what so This dream of democracy that you've been sold is Completely false if you live in an Eastern European nation and brave leaders like Robert Fizo Victor Ben and a few people even in Romania who could well be the next president are standing up to this Ridiculous system. It's good to see So we're gonna talk about a lot of things today, but we're gonna talk about the fact that there's these civil wars politically Let's also approach that mentally because I have a lot of people  people who are constantly asking me similar sounding questions about some degree of doubt that they seem to have in their mind when it comes to their capabilities or their intentions. There are so many people who doubt themselves or doubt what they're capable of doing and your mind at least needs to be an absolute monarch. That's the one place, excuse me, I'm about to sneeze. Hey, no coach. Tell me what to do. Don't sneeze on my podcast. Your mind must be an absolute monarchy. I cannot remember the last time I won anything unless I was winning by force. You do not win, there's no easy ride to the end. There's no democratic, smooth sailing, fair election, girl boss, woke, liberal, bullshit versus conservative. We won the vote, crap to the end, to the end goal. You're only ever going to win by force and force can only be implied.  by an absolute monarchy. So even if you're living in the West, when you understand you're living in a false democratic system, which has done nothing but lie to you and cheat you of all of your opportunities, since today you were born, your mind must be an absolute monarchy where your commands are instantly obeyed and you instantly comply with your own mind. If your mind says I'm going to train today, your body must instantly comply with the overlord, the absolute monarchy, which is your intention, because it is intention which matters above all things. You know, people talk about motivation all the time and I'm tired of getting asked this fucking question. Let me explain something to you about motivation. If you felt like doing something and you didn't do it, you were never motivated. And if you didn't feel like doing something and you still did it, then you were motivated. How you feel has absolutely nothing to do with motivation. Motivation can be measured purely by the action and in of itself. Did you,  take action, did you do what you were supposed to do? If so, you were motivated enough to do it. Even if you didn't want to do it, even if you hated the idea of doing it and was resentful about the fact you had to do it, that is motivation. Because action itself. Because when you look at words like procrastination, they give big fancy titles for this. What procrastination is essentially is wanting and needing and knowing that you must do something and disobeying yourself. I'm dehydrated, I'm gonna drink this water you know what your brain knows you need to do it, I know I need to do it, I'm thinking I need to do it and I just don't. That's the most ridiculous thing in the world because if you can't listen to yourself, how do you expect anyone else to ever listen to you? How do you expect to ever be the boss of anyone else when you tell them what to do? They're going to obey you, which is necessary to run a family, to run any small, medium-sized company, to have, I guess, any real level of success in the world. If you can't listen to your own commands, you have no...  no chance of having authority over everybody else because people can smell it. They can tell a duster when they see one. So in a democratic society, if you're unhappy with your ruler, you simply try and vote for somebody else, of course, assuming democracy is real, which we know it isn't. In a kingdom, in an absolute monarchy, if you're unhappy with your ruler, you're unhappy with the country, you leave. And I think men at home today need to be absolute monarchs over their lives, and anyone who's unhappy with your leadership has every right to leave. And this is actually a fantastic way to measure your capability as a man and your ability to get people to believe in you and your leadership. Let's imagine this. You're an absolute monarch of your life. You say what you want to do, you say how you want it to be, you say how you're going to live, you get it done. If a woman decides to stick by you with your absolute instruction and command, then she believes in your leadership. You have shown and demonstrated enough capability, perspacacity, indifitigability for her to sit at home and think, I want to follow this man wherever he is leading me, if she leaves you.  because you are not bending or breaking to her will, because it is an absolute monarchy of that you own, that she is living within. Then you're going to find yourself very, very lonely. So a great way to measure how your ability is a man is to wake up and say, this is the life I want to live, this is how I'm going to live it, this is what I'm going to do, and see who's sticking around beside you afterwards. See which women are still there for you when you make it very clear how you intend to live your life. If you say, I want to live with my brother and I want to have the best time ever, and I want to live with my best friends, and we're going to make a whole bunch of money, and we're going to focus on trying to be a strong and powerful capable as possible. I'll see you when I feel like seeing you, and until then you're going to sit over there, this is the life I'm going to live. If you're a man which is worth dealing with the lack of time that you have to share with her, she's going to wait, and if you're not that man, she's going to leave. So you can live with absolute monarchy and reign as a king, and you're going to find out a lot about your capability, not only from women, but from men too. What men want to stick by you when you say, look, this is how I'm going to live my life, this is what needs to be done, this is the life I'm going to live. That will teach you a lot about yourself and an absolute monarchy.  If you're gonna have the mentality of a democracy and start sitting around with your girlfriend or your friends and talking about what maybe should you do, you're now spending all your potential energy in fighting in a bullshit civil war instead of actually focusing on the tasks at hand. And this is why people fail. You know, and you promote these ideas all the time and you talk about the struggles of men all the time and you talk about how men suffer all the time and how men seem not to matter by society all the time. And you get attacked for it, you call them a misogynistic, but the exact same example that you just gave for men is used by women all the time. That's the only way women live. Men and women say all the time stupid things like, oh well, you know, the heart she is the crazier she can be. So what is being hot, it's value. The crazier she can be is the more compromised the man has to put up with. Right, and people laugh at that. Oh yeah, the heart she is the more crazier she can be. Ha, ha, that's fine, girl boss, girl boss. That's completely fine, women rule the world. But when you talk about male value, what men can bring to the table, the more asserts.  I can be But the amount of assertiveness I can I can I can I can Sir I guess is the word but yeah the higher value I am the more assertive I can be people start being like oh Well because you think you have money and you bring that to the table You can tell your woman what to do. Yeah a little bit. I do and the exactly the same examples used by women all the time for women All the time and no one seems to care nobody seems to mind But when you're a man and you say something like that people attack you But it is absolutely effect and well, how do you get your value up by being assertive with yourself? So you're completely right there Yeah completely so You talk about absolute monarchies Monarchies are built on the faith in the king himself Democracy's are not based on that democracy's are actually based on the forever promise of a better future Democracy's are based on the fact that you have an idiot ruling you now, but don't  You get to get rid of the idiot and replacing with somebody competent later And of course another idiot wins and you get told don't worry at the next chance You get to get the idiot out and replace them with somebody competent. Let's look at the UK Cheers come before him was Rishu neck before Rishi was Theresa May was a Theresa May before Rishi I think it was Liz trust for a day the point is nobody's happy with any of them But everyone's waiting for the next vote thinking the next guy will not be an idiot and they always are So democracies are based on the future promise that in the end somehow later on it's gonna be okay if you only suffer now But if that is but that is what procrastination is this is the exact same exact same thing if I delay this I may not have to do it If I delay this it's all gonna work out later if I just avoid the work right now Kingdoms are based on something else kingdoms are based on absolute faith in the leader himself the second the people lose faith They know that he's never gonna leave and they don't  don't have trust in him anymore and there is some degree of uprising we're changing of the guard because no one's prepared to live under his leadership any longer. So kingdoms require action. Kingdoms have a burden of proof to its constituents that democracies do not suffer from because democracies you can be the leader of a democracy with no intention of making anything better. You just have to ride it out to the end of your term then you get replaced with some other puppet. You've enriched yourself and done no work and everything's fine. What's the repercussion for the Democrats who just tried to destroy America? Nothing besides hundreds of millions of dollars stolen. They got to steal hundreds of millions of dollars and there are no repercussions for them. They had no intention of actually serving their constituents. A king has an obligation to its constituents which is why you need the mindset of a king for the exact same reason. You now have an obligation to the people who believe in you. You now have an obligation to yourself because it is an absolute monarchy that you are in control of. You can no longer delay it. You can no longer procrastinate. You can no longer live in the promise of...  a better tomorrow of a perfect future. There is right now and you have obligations you must fulfill. And I want to make this very important. By fulfilling your obligations to yourself, you default, fulfill your obligations to everybody who believes in you and cares about you and loves you and relies on you. By fulfilling your obligations to yourself, you're not trying to get strong and get rich just to buy dumb shit. You're doing that because you owe it to yourself. You're doing that because it's going to please your ancestors and please God and please the universe. And by extension, you are automatically going to become more valuable to everybody else who believes in you which strengthens your kingdom, strengthens your absolute authority. And there are sometimes in life as a man, you need absolute authority to be effective. If this house sets on fire, I need to be able to sit in my woman, get up, run. I don't have time for her to say why. I don't have time for her to say, where's the fire? Maybe you can put it out. My friend's boyfriend didn't yell at her like that. Why are you being rude to me? There's no time. I gave a command.  and I expect to be obeyed because it allows me to save her life and mine. If you do not have absolute authority over the people you are providing and protecting, you are not actually effective as a leader at all. Yeah, and it's what you have to look at is the price that you pay for procrastination and the price you pay for a lack of assertiveness in your life. So let's take democracy again in the United Kingdom as an example. When do I think the last time the UK had a well-intentioned Prime Minister in charge? I would say... That's right. Maybe John Major. He had only had a majority of one, couldn't get much done. But perhaps John Major was a well-intentioned man who was in the office who cared about his own country. I'd say that was probably the last time. So what is the price that you pay for procrastination? In England, this dream of, oh, it's going to get better under this guy. Oh, we can vote. Now let's get bunded better under this guy. Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, David Cameron, and we just run...  through this endless series of morons, the price you pay is a wasted life. Because if you've been living in England thinking things are going to get better because you vote, I gave this example about Brexit, about a friend I knew who worked in a gas station who's probably still working in the gas station today. If you've been slaving your life away, hoping that if you vote for the right person your life is going to get better, you could be my age. When was John Major prime minister of the UK, 1993? Was that his last year? 97. Sorry, 1997. You have wasted your life. And it's exactly the same. If you sit around, maybe I'll go to the gym, maybe I'll start this, maybe I'll start this project, maybe I'll start this business, maybe I'll talk to that girl I like. You're going to end up 45 fat, chronically ill, two injured to even save yourself with training and to get back into shape. Obviously no kids, no money, broke and the type of person that people don't want to deal with.  which is another circumstance that keeps you broke. So the price you pay for this is not as simple as a bad year or a bad two years. It is literally a wasted life because we only get one spin at this. And if you throw it away, you've thrown everything away. There's nothing more beautiful than absolute accountability as a man. It's truthfully the most beautiful thing a man can experience and implement inside of his mind. Absolute accountability for all things, both the good and the bad to blame. Absolutely everything on themselves. I promise you, if you stop making excuses, you stop waiting and praying for some kind of better future and you wake up every day and say, all of the good in my life is my fault and all of the bad in my life is my fault. And I'm the only one who can fix this. It's never going to get better by itself. It's never going to be fixed by anyone else. It's never going to be easy. I have to win by force. I must force myself and my mind to brutally perform. There is a degree of comfort that comes when you understand that the power is within your own hands.  And this is the life you want to live. For this reason, I want to make something clear. Now that I'm in Dubai, when I'm in Dubai, more often. I think I'm going to be in Dubai most of the year. My intention is to run War Room events, which encourage this absolute self accountability. So I have an idea for an event called The Purge, where the bottom 10% of performers are not kicked from the War Room, but they're banned from this particular event. And I'm going to explain what all of this is inside the War Room shortly. So people are going to come to the event and the bottom 10% of performers will be purged and they will not be allowed or they will not be capable of completing this event for at least six months. So they can train themselves and prepare to try and do it again. This is beautiful. And the beautiful thing about it is you either pass the test and are proud of yourself or you fail the test, you are purged and you suffer the sting of regret and the brutal humble, you're going to be humbled brutally. This is extremely important as a man because I want to put...  together something where every single war remember can blame themselves completely and absolutely for the outcome. When you do this as a man, things are different. I like monarchies because I like that there is a ruler and all the good and all the bad that happens is one person's thought. In your life that should be you, in the country you live in, it should be somebody you have faith in. And I didn't realize how much I like monarchies till I came to the buy and saw there's nobody arguing with each other about how things should work because things already just work. And that's truthfully amazing. Let's apply that to mentality. You're not gonna argue with yourself about what mentality you should have or how you should implement a mindset to be most combatively effective and what's gonna make things work the best. If you're already working the best, you're not gonna doubt your mind if you're already massively successful in all realms. The reason none of my enemies can convince me the way I think is wrong is because I outperform them. How can you...  tell me that my mindset is wrong and the way I think an act is not the correct way to be a man. If I ruthlessly outperform everybody and everything, I'm better under stress, I'm more successful, I'm more well-known, why would I want the mentality of these little trolls who nobody even knows who they are? They're insignificant nobody's. Why would I want to adopt the thinking of sad losers when I can be a competent, capable and happy winner? And this is extremely important. I keep applying it back to politics but let's keep it on the mindset here. If you start to succeed in the way you need to succeed, you will no longer doubt your thinking patterns. Why would you go to a therapist? Why would you go to some idiot and beg them to change the way you think and feel if it was leading you to where you wanted to go? If the way you thought and the way you felt, even if it was negative and sad, even if it wasn't a positive feeling, was giving you the results that you wanted, you would still want to retain that mindset. This is extremely important.  Yeah, and I mean, just look at how many of you have survived over the last two and a half years. A lot of people, when they are caught up in a situation like we were caught up in, would sit around and blame the world for it and play the victim and be sad about this is happening to me. I have no control over this. Let me tell you something, even in our position of, let's be honest, monumental success that we were in beforehand. If you put two minds that were lesser than ours in our bodies over those two and a half years, we would be broke. People would have killed themselves. Literally killed themselves. People would have started, I don't know, drug use, drinking, let their life spiral out of control. How did me and you retain absolute control? Because one, we had endless emergency means with each other every single morning, call an emergency mean or sit down or, and we're in the situation, whatever it is, what it is. We are the kings of our own castle. We are the men who are in charge of our own lives. How do we stay?  How do we stay influential? How do we stay successful? And we fucking managed. Despite all the odds, I said something on X the other day. I was talking about false accusers. I said, you know what? False accusers, if they don't get the death sentence, they at least deserve to go to male prisons. You want to cry about rape? Put them in a male prison. See how they feel. False accusers do deserve to go to male prisons when you're female. Let's see who's of... Let's see how victimized you are there. And people were like, oh, well, that's harsh, that's harsh. Oh, you know, it didn't hurt you that badly, Tristan. I'm like, yeah, but I'm Tristan Tate. I am Tristan Tate. But, you know, at the lowest of the low, and the hardest of the times, I realize that I know men personally and have met people personally who have wanted to kill themselves over a lot less. They take people's lives from them. And me and you did an absolute excellent job of weathering the storm. And that comes down to emergency meetings, brotherhood and personal accountability. That was everything that was all that got us to...  Those three ingredients, nothing else. Yeah, we blamed ourselves for everything that happened to us. Because my mind's an absolute monarchy, this is my world. So I'm responsible for everything to both the good and the bad. Got two famous, talked about the election, denied the election, talked about COVID, talked about the vaccines, talked about the Ukraine war, and you know what's funny? You know what's funny? I talked about all these things trying to wipe people up. There is still a small regimen of retards who still think that my incarceration had anything to do with human trafficking, despite the decision last year to throw it out to the lack of evidence. There's still this small contingent of retards when I was saying all these things that got us into trouble and you were saying all these things that got us into trouble. What's super ironic and scary and sad now is we were proven right about everything we said. Everything we said from the election being rigged, just look at how Camila Harris got 20 million less votes than Joe Biden, 20 million people vanished from the vote of red streets. He were correct about that. That caught you put in jail. On day one of Russia's special military operation, I was saying.  Zelensky's a corrupt, crooked psychopath who was killing his own people and rushes the good guys. That turned out to be correct. Now we have people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. saying now, a few months ago, the exact same things I was saying two years ago. And everyone's like, oh, wow, is that what's really going on in Ukraine? I'm like, well, I did kind of tell you so. And I had to suffer jail because of it. The COVID vaccine, don't even get me started. The mask mandates, don't even get me started. Absolutely everything we said and suffered and went to jail for. We did for you, our listeners, the people in the world who called us crazy at the time. And for people to sit around now and be like, okay, well, they spoke about everything, everything that the mainstream media wanted to report to us in a negative way. And they've been proven correct. But while they were saying it, they started getting thrown in prison. This must have something to do with human trafficking. I'm sorry you are retarded.  You must be mentally defective if you cannot see the pattern here. Absolutely correct. And just to tie this back to the War Room purge event, which I'm going to have, I'm going to launch inside of the War Room in the coming days. I'm going to announce the opportunity for people to come to the purge. Isn't it beautiful for a man to turn up? Try his absolute best or otherwise, attempt to try his best and be completely responsible for the results. To get the benefits of a positive result and all of the negatives of a less than perfect result. There is nothing better as a man that's turned up and get a fair shot. That's exactly what you should want. You should want as a man to be judged for who you are and what you're capable of. With no sugarcoating, no positive spin because you know somebody, you want to just say, here's who I am. This is what I can do. Give me a fair chance. You want a fair chance in court. You want fair chance in life. And you want to be the kind of man who says, if I have a fair chance, I'm going to win because I believe I can work.  harder than everybody else. The purge is gonna ban the bottom 10% of the people who attend from ever attending another purge event for six months unless they've improved themselves. It's gonna be the best event that the warms put on this year and I'm very excited to do it in Dubai. Let's read the Super Chat School because I know we have a few of them. Yeah, I was in a war room event yesterday actually. Hey, I've been stuck. Have you got a video of the war room event? Let's play the video of the war room event and I'm gonna tell you what the purge is. Guys, the purge is gonna be this. We're gonna do some sparring. I'm gonna put together a fight event and I'm not gonna judge you on how well you can fight. I'm gonna judge you on how well you try. How many times you get up off the canvas, how hard you push yourself, how many rounds you can go through and the people who do perform the bottom 10% will not be allowed to come back to another purge event for six months. You have six months to train and improve yourselves. Those who do fantastically, the top 10% are gonna get a reward special one from me. There is nothing better than turning up, putting on gloves, even if you've never fought before.  your life and showing that you have the grit because you can only win things in life by force. This is a mentality decision. This is a chance for you to prove to the world, prove to your brothers inside of the war room that you never quit, that you never give up. This is a test to see who's a quitter and who's a winner. It's called the purge. It's going to be coming soon to Dubai. We're going to get out into the desert heat. We're going to put some gloves on. We're all going to hurt each other. I'm going to see what you're made of. This is Tristan's event from yesterday. This is yesterday, right? Let's play this guys. If you were in the war room, you would have been here yesterday.  I'm telling you, how did it go? It's top secret, I can't tell you what. For me, why not? Every war in me is yours, fantastically. I'm gonna find out, join it. The point of brotherhood is to keep you self accountable. We're talking about absolute monarchy's mentality. The point of brotherhood is for all of the men around you to help you blame yourself for everything that happens to you. The point of brotherhood is for you to go to somebody who you respect, whose voice means something to you, and when you try and cry and complain, they say it's on you to fix. Sure, yeah, that sounds like a problem. You better fix it. You better sort it out. The absolute point of brotherhood is the account of...  And the accountability, the bottom line, the buck stops with you in all things. That's the beauty of it. I can't wait to do this event and to see which of the members are going to perform, which of the ones who don't. And whoever's in the bottom 10% is going to haunt their soul. They're going to know that they failed. They're going to train hard or never. They're going to come back to the next purge and they're going to win. And this is the beauty of life as a man. There's nothing better than blaming yourself for absolutely everything that's ever happened to you, waking up and realizing it was all your fault and you're the only one who can fix it. This is so applicable to nearly any problem in your life. 99.9% of girl problems are your fault. It's not women are crazy. It's not that the Jews have convinced her. It's not sex in the city. It's not any of this crap. It's the fact that she is allowing outside influences to sirep her above you, being able to tell her what kind of relationship you want to have. Because she doesn't respect you enough because you haven't done anything which is important or different.  enough to garner her respect. All of the women problems are your own fault, and you should blame yourself completely. Yeah, because there are happy men in the world with a happy marriage and a happy wife who are living absolutely fantastically in their wife's respect. There are men in the world, probably a lot more in this country than in the West, with four wives who are happy and respect them and care about them and bear them children. There are men in Uganda without a penny, a penny to spend on anybody. Real geez. Eight wives and 40 kids whose women respect them and they're living their life right. So you're right, all these global conspiracy, we go all the global conspiracy, we say, oh, the Jews have siopped women somehow. I'm not saying that there are not negative influences in today's society that have made women far less white-fable, far less likable than the women in the 1950s, but let me tell you something, men, and you may not like me saying this. There are lots and lots and lots of forces that have been enacted on you that make you far less appealing than the men in the 1950s.  and then 1962, who were in great shape, groomed themselves dressed well, went out, worked hard, wanted to build a nest, have a happy home, to attract those type of women. But the fact that these happy men and happy women and high-level people still living the absolute best of human reality do exist in the world means that you could exist that way if you were in the top few percentiles of people. It's very simple. It's like saying, flying was better in the 1950s. Flying was better, flying was better, no. Flying was only for the ultra-rich, and you could still fly exactly the same way today if you were one of the ultra-rich. Society has degraded. Flites have degraded. There's now broken sections, economy sections. Everyone has out here doing drugs, doing porn, twerking, stripping. I understand that things seem to have gotten worse, but there is still a first-class cabin in terms of lifestyle. There's a first-class cabin in terms of lifestyle. There's a first-class cabin in terms of lifestyle.  terms of female, men, friendships, brothers, relationships, and the fact that some people are in the first class cabin means all you're missing is the ability to get in there. It's not the world that's been destroyed. It's not the world that is against you. You are against yourself and you are not in the right place because believe me at the top, everything is fucking fantastic. That's absolutely a great point. And I know what you're talking about the flying. They show those old pictures of cabins in the 1950s where they walk around with the me and the people all have space. And they say, look at economy in the 1950s. Yeah, it's not as good as as first classes now. Yeah. You have better food in first class now. You have a bed, you can lay down on, you have a shower, you have a bar. Yeah. You're right. There's absolutely no degradation and capability. There's plenty of soft, feminine, nice women who love men and respect men and are loyal to men now. You just have to be in a higher capability bracket to achieve access to them. You know what's interesting? Tell me. Imagine how low your achieve must be. You have a woman and you see.  it with her physically. You have a physical presence. You sleep next to her at night. You have sex with her. She is yours. And still a TV show or a news broadcaster or some bullshit propaganda on the television can convince her to believe an idea over the ideas you hold. How low is your cheat? I see this all the time when couples vote in opposite directions. I don't understand. I'm a full-grown man and I believe we should vote for Canada X. And this female who I'm with believes that we should vote for Canada Y. She's going to vote opposite to me. Why? All because the news said so. So the news has more influence over your thinking and mind than I do. The man who literally has sex with you and sits next to you every night, protects you, provides for you, listens to you, helps you. You're telling me that TV broadcast has more power over your thinking than I do. How low must my cheat be as a person? I've dated women from Ukraine for less than 48 hours and had them singing Putin.  praises by the end of the second day, genuinely. Of course. Oh, because I'm a man they admire, and they respect my guy off the camera used to his laughing because he's actually seen this happen. He's seen them go, oh shit, my country's run by retards. He's seen it happen. So are you gonna blame women for this? This is the point. Madagascar sit around and go, oh yeah, but women don't listen. No, they don't listen to you. Do you deserve to be listened to? Your life force is lacking. A television can convince the woman who you're supposed to be with of ideas that you disagree with. You're lacking life force. Why do you lack life force? Because you're not holding yourself accountable for the fact that you do lack life force. You should look at the mirror and say, whose fault is it that she doesn't idolize me at every single idea I hold. Why does she not say, wow, every single thing you say is brilliant and smart? I'll tell you why. Because when she goes to work and comes back home and checks your internet browsing history, it's filled with porn hub. It's because when she looks at the car you...  drive, it's falling apart and you have no money to buy another one. It's because when you come home and you can play in about your day at work, it's not about the problems you face and the problems you overcame. It's about, well my boss was such a jerk because he caught my break short. You have no agency. You have no agency as a man. You are not a person who can even command the other elements in his own life to make them fit him in a way that makes him happy. You need to be like Mickey Mouse. Ever seen Fantasia when Mickey Mouse is just fucking waving his hands around and just popping up and just appearing and disappearing and he's moving shit around. That's who you need to be as a man. And if you are that kind of guy, it's not that you control women. It's not about controlling women. It's about women looking at you in awe. And like those elephants in Fantasia that start dancing behind Mickey Mouse, they follow you in lockstep. You're not telling them what to do. They just see that you are a man whose commands are...  are followed. When Napoleon was on the battlefield and he gave commands and battles were won and soldiers were ordered to do a task that seemed impossible. They said, well Napoleon is sending me here. This man knows how to win battles and the soldiers didn't falter or run away or panic or flee. They fought and they won every single time. So yeah, if you can command enough agency over your own life that it seems you have your shit in order and that when you give a command to anyone else or anything else or when you take on a task, the mission is then completed. You don't have to control women. Women will simply be happy to do as you say because they know that that's how they are going to get the best outcome. Which is win-win for men and women. This isn't some misogynistic or misandric ran. It is win-win for men and women in that point. That was the example you gave about that guy complaining how women are siled by Jewish people and they're not interested in me.  and you said the Jews aren't responsible for you having the skinny arms. I mean the Jews, yeah, they're not responsible for you having skinny arms. Yeah. Why? Are you being undesirable? Why have they stopped you from lifting weights? I'm being a little bitch. Yeah. And that is once again complaining and outsourcing the problem, not taking complete responsibility and agency. Yeah. Let's imagine there was a group of people in the world which were sioping all the women to be negative. My answer to that would be, well, I'm going to become such a fantastic person. I'm going to be so capable, so charismatic. So interesting. So tall, brown, rich, and sexy. So successful that when I meet a woman, I can counteract their ideals because she's going to listen to me over anything she's heard from the mainstream media or the matrix itself because of my brutal capability. I'm going to blame myself and my lack of capability for not being able to convince her that my way of thinking is better than the way of thinking she was previously convinced of. Yeah. Instead of blaming them completely and pretending I have no control over the situation, there's nothing more feminine and gay than...  sitting around saying, some dude who's never met my chick controls her mind more than I do. Don't let Don Lemon. And I can't, I can't convince her that my way of thinking is better than what the news says. Well, you're a little bitch and you deserve the outcome which you're gonna get, which is eventually her cheating on you and leaving you because you deserve it. If you were a man of agency with cheat and life force, if you had any power inside of you, she could look at you and see you as a hero, she'd be happy to believe you. Instead, she believes the person on the news will do a better job of fucking her than you do. That is your problem. 100% your problem and you must take responsibility and accountability for that exact thing. Life as a man is so brutally simple. You wake up and you blame yourself for everything and you look in the mirror and you say, all of this shit is my fault, all of it. So how do I fix it? So how do I get it fixed? Nobody's gonna come fix it for you. Nobody gives a shit about you. You have to give a shit about yourself. It is down to you and you alone because nobody else is waking up each day, thinking of how they can get you to have more money. What is happening, does everything make sense? It's nothing. But it's just being in your mind. And then what is that doing? Now it risky team, it's your decisions doing business right now. I believe your goal is to get these impacts And you have to really move fast to twenty four times.  to have a nicer life. They're too busy worried about themselves. Yeah, and it's true. And no matter how much you care about somebody, I don't think there are very few men on the planet who care about other men more than Andrew or I, but if I am not with him for two days, I don't think has Andrew trained. I don't. I think about, have I trained? You expect other men, even the highly competent men who you are friends with and who you are a brother of and who you love and respect and protect. You do expect them to take care of themselves. You care about yourself 90% more because you can only take responsibility for yourself. I don't need, Andrew doesn't need to what's at me if I'm away for a week saying, hey, Tristan, did you go to the gym this morning? He doesn't have to worry about this. Hey, Tristan, have you completed your work? Hey, Tristan, did you, you know, have you called mom? Hey, Tristan, have you made any money? Hey, it doesn't cross his mind because I am responsible for myself. So when we say no one cares about you but you, that doesn't mean that.  I don't care about Andrew and he doesn't care about me. We care about each other more than most people on the planet do. However I need to make the decisions in my life, in my mind, every single morning for the second I wake up and I can't burden myself with the responsibilities of another fully grown adult man because I only have 24 hours in a day and I've never once asked him, hey, if you trained, unless it was some request to maybe train together if he said no. I've never had to check on him and he very rarely has to check on me because that's the way that men at the top conduct themselves. Yeah, so before we read the superchase, I just want to make this very clear because 99% of the questions I get asked is simply people trying to pass blame or find some external validation or motivation to convince them to do something they don't want to do or some kind of democratic bullshit. You know, people ask me for advice in this, Andrew, what should I do here? And I'll answer and they'll go, ah, but I don't think that would work because of this. Since when is this a fucking conversation?  conversation since when is it you asked me how to get rich? I told you how to get rich now You're telling me that I'm wrong while you're broke and I'm rich. This is not conversation. This is not a democracy I'm an absolute monarch. You should bless you were blessed by an answer You should thank God I even wasted my time on a lazy fucking loser like you who's not gonna take any action Despite the fact I gave them the exact path to monumental riches and capability You're still gonna sit on your ass doing nothing jerking off the fucking porn hub now you want to have some kind of democratic back and forth about the bullshit And even worse than that you don't even see it as a productive conversation what you see it as is your one chance in your entire life To try to get one upsmanship on somebody else when Andrew or I are speaking or if I bless a loser on X with a tweet reply They're very very quick to try to counteract what I said try to Discredit what I said because they want that ratio on trusted tape they want that one  It's been shipped on Tristatake. I'll actually read that on example of some retard from what I decided to reply to on X. And it super offended me that he didn't even read my reply. You know, I can't find it, no, it doesn't matter. Right, irrelevant, it doesn't matter. One of the super chats is actually super important, Andrew, because this is happening in less than two weeks, and I want you to talk about it a little bit. And I know we discuss this topic a lot, so let's keep it to a couple of minutes. Question about the real world 2.0. Does it still stand that people were over a 1K power level won't get the price increased? Yes, it does still stand. But the real world 2.0, today we've worked out a bunch of details about what 2.0 is going to be, and we finalized what 2.0 is going to be. I don't know what you want to say about that, or if you could say anything about it, but the real world 2.0 is coming in probably between 10 to 15 days. Days. Yeah, the real world 2.0 is coming in a few days, and the price is going to increase once it's been implemented.  Our primary objective is just to increase the amount of money that all of our students are currently earning. If you're not improving, you are dying. If you're not growing, you are dying. There's no such thing as staying still in this world. So the real world is going to improve. And all of the students' incomes and all of the students' monumental successes are going to improve along with it. We're very excited for that. But I want to wait for it to launch. I'm at the point now where we've explained to people at length they need to take agency over their own lives. They need to take action and to get things done. It is down to them and them alone to find a way to escape the matrix that nobody else is going to be able to drag them out that is down to them to finally get some work done. And if they want to miss out on this opportunity, it's completely up to them. You know, guys, I am sick and tired of being asked the same questions in different various forms that lead to the exact same answer, which is get something done. Get up and give a shit and actually try and actually care. All of your life will be instantly fixed if you start to actually care about the outcomes and blame...  yourself for all of these things. You can get rich inside the real world anytime you want. You can get a brotherhood inside of the war room anytime you want. You can meet me and fight me and stand a chance to beat me inside of the purge event of the war room anytime you want. You can have a woman who respects you more than she respects the bullshit idea she sees on a TV screen anytime you want. There's nothing you cannot do. You can have anything you have ever wanted anytime you want as soon as you give a shit, blame yourself and put some work in. And this is why I said at the beginning, the only way I have ever won anything in my life is by force. The only way I have ever succeeded in anything in my life is by force. It's all I know how to do. It is all I have ever done. It's to look at the insurmountable task ahead of me. To look at the large, huge mountain which has never been climbed before and one step at a time with an iron mind which will not bend, which will not break remaining completely unfazed but one foot in front of the other until one day I wake up and I'm at the top of the fucking hill.  There is no easy way to get anything else done ever. And all of this attempt to democratically discuss the possibilities and perhaps, the happenstance, the, oh, but perhaps maybe I disagree with all of this is just a form of procrastination. It's a form of copium. It's a form of self-explanation where they can try and talk their way out of the brutal reality which is work. People ask me, how do you get rich? You do this and you work. Oh, but that won't work for me because they are saying that so they do not have to actually do the work. That's what they're trying to do. Trying to avoid the brutal realities of life. There is nowhere to hide. You cannot escape. The only thing that is guaranteed in this life besides death is constant endless, never-ending work. Since I go to Dubai, when I've been here a week, I've been up at 9 a.m. And in meetings by 10 a.m. till 2, 3, 4 in the morning every single day. There's a reason we were doing this emergency meeting. It's 2 in the morning. Almost-  It's almost three in the morning. I've been busy all day long and I'm a billionaire and one of the most famous people on the planet and that's how I'm working. 16, 17, 18 hour days. You're sitting around on your fucking ass. Doing nothing. Doom scrolling. Doom scrolling and jerking off to porn. And then you have the audacity to ask me why you're not where you wanna be in life. Because men like me are gonna take everything and not even leave you with scraps. There's not gonna be a little piece of meat on the carcass because you're too busy fucking jerking off and chasing around women who are too good for you in the first fucking place. The only way you're gonna have anything in this life is to wake up and to suffer the brutal realities of endless effort and to win by force. And that is the answer to 99% of your questions. That's the answer to how you get the girls you want. That's the answer to how you get rich. That's the answer to how you get in shape. It's the answer to how you become motivated. I can be motivated to do anything because I force myself. I can blink and cure my brain and be endlessly permanently motivated.  to achieve the most mundane and boring and insignificant of tasks because I have decided. My mind is an absolute monarchy that I control the I rule. If I decide to become the world's fucking best, back coin flipping, I will stand there and flip a coin so repeatedly over and over again until I am brutally, I'll become impressive at flipping a fucking coin. If that's what I've decided to do, you can't motivate yourself to even get in the gym and have a body people admire you for. You can't motivate yourself to be sexually desirable. And then you want to sit here and ask me questions about how you get a woman. You can't motivate yourself to get up and log in and dedicate yourself so you could finally have some money. The dream is not to have a Lambo. The dream is to have a mother who isn't worried about hospital bills. The dream is to be able to travel around the world because there's a place you want to see before you die. The dream is to not have that depression on a Sunday night because you have work on a Monday morning. The dream is to have a car.  that works and if it breaks down you could afford to pay it. That is the dream. And to achieve this dream, you do not have to go and die in a ditch in Ukraine. You do not have to climb out Everest. You have to open up a laptop and type and you still fail. And then you want to sit there and ask me, oh, Huggamoy don't have the motivation. You don't have the motivation to type on a keyboard to achieve your dreams. And you think I can fix a fucking loser like you? Yeah, when you wanted to get rich back in the 1800s, you had to trek to California and dig into the side of the mountain, hoping to strike gold, risking death by dynamite explosion. That's what you had to do. Or malaria on the way. Yeah. Go and build the Suez Canal. Die from dengue fever and yellow fever for the chance of a paycheck five times higher than the average paycheck. Today, you need to open your laptop and you need to type. I know people 16, 17, 18, 19, most of them to be fair students inside the real world, some of them not, who open their laptops and  and make more money than hardworking man I know doing fucking Alaskan fishing jobs, lumberjacking. It is easier than ever. So if you haven't got the motivation to do this now, how would you have fared in the past? You would have been a man who starved to death because you couldn't be bothered to plow your lands. You couldn't be bothered to go hunting. You couldn't be bothered to forage for berries. You would have starved literally to death because opening this laptop and thinking and typing on the keyboard is far easier than what success would have taken at any single point in human history ever up until this point. So you have a personality defect that you need to actually analyze and identify and cure. What the fuck is wrong with you? What is wrong with you where you cannot type on a keyboard to achieve all of your dreams? What is wrong with you where you cannot go to the gym?  and lift enough weights to be self-confident enough to get any woman that you desire. What is wrong with you? Do you want to lose? Are you so desperate to perm a fail? There's something, some kind of personality fault with you people. There's not, there's not a lack of motivation. It's not the fact that the Jews are against you. It's not the matrix. No, it's you have a personality fault. There's something wrong with you that is preventing you from being the man that you could be. Because you could beat these things. Look at what Andrew and I have gone through once again. The matrix is probably still out to get us more than any other human being on the planet. They're still coming after us. And I'm never going to stop. And I'm in Dubai. I have a $5 million car outside. I have eight figures of my personal money at my disposal anytime I want to buy anything right now. I'm in a massive mansion sitting in the UAE. I could travel anywhere I like in the world now. I've got my passports. There are people.  who have dedicated their lives in high positions of authority. I'm not talking about trolls. To stop me from being able to do any of that stuff, first and foremost being talk on the internet. And what am I doing right this second? So everything can be overcome. We're not saying there are not problems with the world. We're saying that your life can be just fine. Your life can certainly be better than average with minimal, minimal effort. And you know what? And statistics, I'm going to bring up a statistic that you mentioned to me, Andrew. Sometimes prove us right. You live your life. You think you're better than everybody. But little tests come and hit you. We went to jail, out of jail, etc. We survived that very well. And I was like, oh, I am actually the man I think I am. I read earlier that obviously this would never happen and this would be absolutely retarded. But England might bring conscription in to fight the Russians. As a conscription, fight the Russians. No one, that's stupid. Three England, let me get destroyed.  for not in a million years because Russians are actually, you know, peaceful, reasonable people and they're not gonna invade your little shitty communist island filled with migrants and stabbers. However, when I read that statistic, they said, yep, conscription would be for men 18 to 35. And I had my shirt off and I was looking in the mirror, looked over my brother, was sitting outside, I say mirror at the big glass door and I thought, I'm over conscription age and I'd make a pretty decent soldier. Then I looked at my friend Nigel and I was like, my niggers 49. He'd make a fantastic soldier and why did they come up with that statistic 18 to 35? Because obviously if they've come up with that number, it's because most men over 35 do not have the ability to partake in the common soldier of a country. And I'm like, well, I'd do it fine and you would do it fine. You're not over 35, are you?  Oh, you're 35 you'd be fine as a soldier Nigel's almost 50 he'd be fine is the average man That shit is the is the average person over 35 that shit Where they don't even want you to be cannon fodder You're not good enough to get shot because you won't be able to limp to the front lines I can carry a full-grown man on my back for miles plus guns plus rations plus I could shoot straight and I'm like Maybe I am just really great at everything, you know, maybe I am just really great everything Everyone's like oh, yeah, well this person just got a really high-paying job at this firm. Yeah, they're on 135 grand a year I'm like, it's why I'm making a day is just like are that are people that crap look? Yes, I am quite smart. I'm quite smart But I've met many people smarter than me in life I'm not the best. I'm not the smartest man in the world Yes, I'm quite well spoken. There are people better spoken than me. Yes  quite tall and strong and fit. There are people stronger and fitter than me. Why have I achieved so much despite the fact that I'm not a perfect person, but my life for all intents and purposes is perfect. I have 69 cars, a yacht, more property than I would even sail online because I know the government is trying to steal it from me. I have beautiful kids, I'm strong, I'm fit, I can do 70 push-ups, unassisted off the rip despite having an injury that I completely got over. I can't be that much better than everybody. It must come down to effort. It 100% must come down to effort, trying and self-responsibility because what else is the magic ingredient? There are people in the world with magic ingredients. Elon has a magic ingredient for not just intellect but vision. I would say that vision. That is his super superpower and certain men have something special.  I'm just the guy who tries super hard at everything and my life's amazing. So why is your life below average? Can't you just try harder than 49%, 50% of people and be in the top 51%? Is it really that difficult in 2025? It isn't because everybody's a fucking loser and everybody's a time-waster. Let's read the rest of the super chats. Feats, feats of children with this. Respect, bless you both from Miss Courtney. Hi, I run a big fan page in Netherlands, top G.nl, I'll call it a shout out for once. I don't have Instagram, but enjoy. This is the one that I read earlier. I made $5,000 in the past two months inside of the real world. I made another $1,000 today with just a one text I sent out to my email list. If you're not in the real world, you're messing up. Yeah, well that is completely true. And Tristan, can you help me get a referral code inside of the real world? I'll be going away for the last four months. I've built us a big Instagram pages. Yeah, I ask.  in the chat, asking the general chat or the night's chat or the rook's chat, which I've won you're in silver chat, we'll get it done. Yeah, we'll get it done. All right, no problem. That's all the super chats. Guys, you have to get, you have to try. Everything is on your back. Absolutely everything is your fault. I know this is quite serious and burdensome meeting, but we've had some serious conversations like the next one will be more joking and more fun, but we get a lot of questions asked to us and even here in Dubai, we have people running up to us asking for advice and the advice is for you to care about your own life, care about the people around you and realize that you have absolutely no capability as a man, that nobody's going to ever love you and your love means nothing. There's no point in you loving anybody. If you cannot help them, there's no point in you loving anybody. If you cannot take care of them when they need you, your love means nothing if you're useless and you're not going to have much love in your life if you're useless. So it's very important as a man, you blame yourself for absolutely everything and you get it done. You go back, lash from the losers actually, the losers on the internet. You go back, lash because a little fat kid ran up to us, hey, hey, can I get a picture with you? Okay, why do you want a picture? You're going to get your foe for Instagram for your cloud when people look, oh, wow, you met and you take what's he like blah blah blah blah and when he went to walk  off with his photo in his hand, all happy and jolly, you said, all right, now hit the gym. And I looked at the camera and I said, yeah, fair. He's a, he's fat. And he's, what, 12, 13 years old hit the gym and he's going to be a fat loser and the highlight of his life on his Instagram is going to be a picture of him fat next to Andrew Tate forever. So when you said hit the gym, a lot of people will be like, well, yeah, that kid is fat. The winners in the world. And I could, I could differentiate winners from losers very, very easily. But the losers of the world will like, wow, I can't believe you called one of your fans fat. He was fat. And if you're watching, I hope you lose some fucking weight and get into shape and get strong. What's your other's job is to force you to be self accountable. Yeah. That's what I just said earlier. It's absolutely true. The best thing a brother can do for you or somebody who cares about you. The best thing they can do is to force you to be absolutely self accountable. Let me give you all a self accountability test before we leave. It is now April, meaning 2025 is over 30% complete. It's over 30% done.  Remember New Year's Eve like yesterday. We all remember what we did on New Year's Eve. And you remember thinking, this is gonna be my year, we're gonna get so much done. And if you're honest with yourself, you're sitting in the same room, you have the same girl, the same car, live in the same fucking life. You're about to waste another entire year. Mm. I don't ask yourself. Ask yourself this question. If you do not blame yourself instantly for the fact that you are not yet rich, you said 2025 was gonna be your year, it's 30% done, you've made no steps in the right direction, you are no closer than you've ever been. If you are not going to completely blame yourself for this lack of action and this lack of monumental success, then who else are you gonna blame and what else is gonna get done? The second you blame yourself, the second you decide is 100% your fault and your responsibility to change and fix everything is the second things will start to get better. Your children will ask what you did in 2025, what were you telling them? Five percent of the year is already gone. What have you built? What have you changed?  The 2024 was more. The system tried to crush us. We fought back and even with everything against us, we still won. But 2025, this is different. The system is falling apart. The barriers are gone. The floodgates are open. And for the first time in history, the game isn't rigged against you. This is the year that will define your legacy. What's coming next will change everything. If you think you've seen it all, you have it. Burning 150 million doesn't even come close to it. You've seen nothing compared to what has come. If I told you that Elon and members of the Trump cabinet and they'll comport people in the world, they're looking to work with us. If you understood how large our endeavors are going to become, you would want to make sure you are part of them. You're probably thinking, what could it possibly be? The highly anticipated Daddy Tour, a one-of-one merch piece, a TRW token release, new features within the real world that guarantee you can't fail? Yes. But there's something even bigger. Something so monumental. Something scientific. Something so game-changing, you wouldn't believe it if I told you. And this is like Bitcoin in 2016. The kind of move.  that shifts history forever. The kind of move that puts the real world students in control of the future. A hidden message is embedded within a key buried in this map. Only the sharpest we'll see, only the fastest black. This is your moment. Think you knew what I know. I'd see you. You can start a real world. We've got all that goes. We've got to do something. We're gonna break the deal and go to do something. We'll be the emergency meeting. So friends, that's it. You have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video. And we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew.  and I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Android 8. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only away. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly. So that's it. See you again. Goodbye.