 So it's episode five, five, five with the one and only Andrew Tate. We did it once. The first time I think it was in Madrid, second time was in Romania. Third time is in the States. He's in the flesh. He's here on the set. Andrew, it's great to have you on. All right. It's very good to see you. Yes, it's good to see you. It's been a while. Was it been two years? It's been two years. It's been two years since we did a last in Romania, which became in right after your friendly meeting you have with BBC, which was fantastic. They treated you royally. You remember that whole setup? I do remember. I'm not sure if anyone remembers that report or though. I think she's fallen into insignificance. It's kind of interesting how they sit me down and try and grill me when no one even cares who they are. So that's actually a very good question. Where is she? I don't even know what she does. Well, she vanished. I guess the USA money dried up. She's vanished now. I mean, these people sit down. I was offended by her for various reasons. The first one being when I was in jail. They were begging me for an interview, promising to tell my side of the story and highlight how people in Romania can be locked up without charges. And she said that she was going to ask the very interesting impression.  and questions about the Romanian judicial system. Turns out she hijacked me, turns up to my house with all these stupid, hit piece questions instantly to get me when I got out of jail. I had nightmares, I barely sleep, I sit down with this interview and was completely sidelined. And that was her intention to get a gotcha moment. And then she sits down and talks to me like she has authority in my home. I don't even know if this person is and nobody knows who she is, and now I don't know where she's gone. Yeah, I don't need it, but folks, here's what I will tell you. We got a lot of things to talk about. If you have seen part one or part two, you know, we don't do one-hour podcast. We're gonna go. We're gonna talk for quite some time. Here's what I will tell you. I don't know what's gonna happen with YouTube. Share the video with everybody. Text it to us as many people as you know to make sure everybody gets the message. Tate set, push me, challenge me. Nothing's on the table. We're gonna talk about a bunch of different things. And but make sure you get this message to as many people as possible. Whether you're watching this on X or YouTube, let's make sure we do that. Okay, so opening question. Everybody's doing their thing. Nobody's paying attention to what's going on. And then all of a sudden.  Andrew and Tristan Tate are on a flight on their way to Florida. They haven't tweeted anything for 24 hours. You guys concerned people when you stop tweeting things, right? And then all of us on tweet X, whatever you want to call it, there's no message going out. I don't know if you can say X-ing, right? They have to be tweeting. So then all of a sudden, the news is you land in Florida. Everybody sees the video. When that happens, the great governor of Florida, which is one of the reasons why we moved here. He does a great job running in the state. He was asked about you. This is what he had to say, probably if you can play the clip. We have no involvement in that. I read about it through the media. Clearly, the federal government has jurisdiction, whether they want to rebuff his entry into the United States. And I have confidence that whether it's Pam Bondy or Kristi Known, that they will be looking at that. I do know our attorney general, James Oothmeyer, is looking at what state hooks and jurisdiction in the state.  We may have to be able to deal with this, but the reality is is, no, Florida is not a place where you're welcome with that type of conduct I'm in the air. And I don't know how it came to this. We were not involved, we were not notified. I found out through the media that this was something that was happening. Okay, guys. President Trump was asked the same question. This was his reaction and I'm just going to turn it over to after this. The President has a distinction when they turn off the other one, Rob. Just close it up. Yeah, there you go. Go for it. Eight landed in Florida today on a private jet after being released from custody in Romania. They are accused rapists, human traffickers, not thought of as good people in many circles. Did your administration pressure the remaining government to release them? I don't know. You're saying he's on a plane right now? Yeah.  I just know nothing about it. We'll check it out. We'll let you know. Intro. So you got the governor says Florida is not a place where you belong or welcome to president. Trump says he doesn't know anything about it. How were you allowed to come to the States and leave Romania? No, it's interesting. Trump is such a boss. Trump is such a boss. His answer is he's such a gangster. Don't know. I don't know. I don't know anything about it. I don't know. That's the correct answer to most things. This is some life advice to everybody at home. 99% of the time he asked a question is a man. The correct answer. I don't know. I don't know. So I like Trump's answer. As for Ron, I'm a little bit disappointed. I'll be honest. I've never said anything bad about him. I didn't know much about him. I was a fan of his. I heard that Florida was a great state. I know he did well under COVID. I knew nothing about the guy. But it turns out when he was pressured, he instantly caved to the pressure. We have to have a long conversation about why the liberals and why Soros and why these wrap up smears, why they used immediate to do what they do because what they try and do.  So, they're afraid to be, so people are afraid to represent them or stand by them, or stick up for due process. I don't know why Ron's answer wasn't. He has an American passport. The judicial system in Romania, which I know absolutely nothing about, decided to let him fly. And he's flown to his home country. As far as we're concerned, he's broken no laws. Instead, what he did was say, we're going to get our attorney general to try and find some laws he's broken and wreck this man, who's done nothing inside of the United States ever. Isn't the whole point of democracy innocent and total proven guilty? I've yet to even have a trial. Let alone a conviction. I've never even been tried. After three years, I've never been to trial. All those times I'm walking in and out of court. I've never had a trial. And communism, as we've understood it and tried very hard to fight against for so long, the basic premise is that you find the man and then find the crime. Is that not exactly what Ron DeSantis just promised to all of his constituents? It's not we've seen a crime let's find the perpetrator.  We found a man, let's see if we can find a crime to pin on this man. Is that the American way? Is that democracy? Is that innocent until proven guilty? Now I'm not afraid of it because I know I've done nothing wrong. But it's quite unusual and quite scary for me to land as an American citizen, expecting a hero's welcome after dealing with a foreign and complicated judicial process. And being told that now the American state is going to be set on me, trying its very best to lock me up here when I've done nothing wrong ever. This is communism in and of itself. I may as well fly back to Romania. This is incredible that I landed in the governor of Florida. It's like, don't worry, I told my attorney general to try and find things this man's done. Where did they even come from? So I'm very, very disappointed in Ron. I think he did it because he caved under media pressure. And if he wants some media training, he can hit me up. There's no problem if he wants training. Ron, there's a reason you lost a presidential election. So the reason you got wrecked. If you want some training, come to me and I'll tell you your correct answer was we have no information of crime. He's committed inside the United States. He is an American passport. We were not aware of his arrival, but it's not really our concern.  an American citizen returning to his home country. If he breaks a law within Florida, he will be held accountable as well as any other person would be. And until that point, that's it. But instead, he just completely caved and folded. You know what's really interesting? The liberals, soros, all these NGOs, the media, they understand something intrinsically that conservatives do not understand. In the conservative world, an accusation is the same as a conviction, which is why liberals are so effective. The liberals will accuse a conservative of something. They'll wrap up smear them. Hello, Ron. Nancy Pelosi explained the wrap up smear. She explained it herself. You can find the clip of her explaining. You get the media to repeat something so many times that that person's name becomes toxic. And then what that person says isn't significant anymore because of the accusations attributed to their name. Nancy Pelosi described how they do this to people. Does this, does this, let's play, yeah. Go for it, Brian. That all's in the rest of it. So they don't want them to see that.  contrast so they focus on something else. And it's a diversionary tactic. It's a self-fulfilling problem. You demonize and then you, we call it the wrap-up smear, if you want to talk politics, you call it the wrap-up smear. You smear somebody. You talk about it openly. With falsehoods and all the rest. And then you merchandise. And then you write it, and if they see it's reported in the press that this, this, this, and this, so they have that validation that the press reported the smear. And then it's called the wrap-up smear. Now I'm going to merchandise the press's report on the smear that we made. And it's, it's a tactic. And it's, it's, it's self-evident. But I, um, earth to wrong. I know. Earth to wrong. Like, this is what they do. They demonize you in the media to the point where nobody will stand by you and your ideas are ignored because of what you're accused of. This is exactly what they did to me. Ron fell for it. Instead of standing there and saying, we have no evidence of crimes. He is an American passport. It's innocent.  proof and guilty, I don't understand the Romanian system. What he did was collapse instantly and completely. And liberals know this. If you accuse a conservative of something on the other side, the conservative's cannibalized and accusation is as bad as a conviction in the conservative circles. If you accuse a liberal of something, do you think the liberals care? Let me change it. If a liberal is convicted, if a liberal held a gun to a pregnant woman, if a liberal has a career criminal, they don't care. The art side, if you're accused of something, you're instantly cannibalized. Talk about the weakness in the conservative circle. We wonder why we begin our asses kicked by people who don't know what gender they are for years, because all they have to do is point and lie, put it in the news enough times, and they will take out our strongest soldiers. I was one of the strongest soldiers advocating for conservatism and helping men, especially young men, find their masculinity once again. So they just attacked me and now who's against me? Yeah, and a whole bunch of conservatives are upset with me. Oh, but the media said, the media said, have you not been through COVID? Do you not?  I don't remember what the media said about Trump. Hello, Nancy Pelosi just told you what they do, Ron. And he sat there and completely collapsed. I'm not offended personally, and I'm not afraid of his AG, because I've done nothing wrong. And if you wanna put me in jail in America, I'm not afraid of that either, because I've just accepted my fate. I'm public enemy number one. However, I actually truly see this, and Ron, this is not an insult. That was a competency test you failed. You failed a competency test as a leader. Trump didn't. They asked Trump questions, and he answered like a gangster. He answered like a man should answer. I don't know, because he doesn't know. He doesn't know the details of the Romanian system. He's not read my bullshit indictment. He's never spoken to me. He doesn't know. That's a correct professional answer. You guys have never spoken. I've never spoken to Donald Trump. So how were you able to come to the States? I heard stories. One of them was, sorry for your loss of your grandmother. I heard the news, and you know, where one part of the stories that they allowed you to come you for the loss of your family that you're here. Another one is you're visiting because now you can, but which one is?  What's the reason why I'll tell you why please I'll tell you why but I'm gonna finish that point When you do not know something the most masculine thing you can say is I don't know Trump's like I don't know I don't know details. I don't know. I'll look into it Instead wrong knew nothing and collapsed so Ron failed a basic competency test That's what I believe I don't care what he said. I'm not scared of his AG He failed a competency test. That's his problem and his burden But you are a fool you're on wrong, but one thing I want to qualify this You just made a commitment to help him. I would marketing if he says yes If he pays me you're open to it. Yeah, I'm looking okay look I like money If you'll pay me I'll teach him how to deal with the media because clearly he failed But all I'm saying is if you commit to it keep me you know They may get a call for 2028 just be ready for that, but yeah, so if you can afford me I'm very famous and I'm very important Maybe you can afford me if Ron can afford me. I'll help him out and I'll let him know the reason he failed because Especially and this is extremely important and I don't think people actually understand how much subconscious  that they go through all of the time. When you walk into a room, you're subconsciously judged all of the time. And small little failures like that, even the people who hate me, even the people who dislike me and are happy he said something negative against me. If you're gonna collapse in the face of the ABC or NBC and people who do nothing but lie and start splouting garbage which you know nothing about, how you gonna stand in front of Putin? How you gonna stand in front of G? Like you failed a competency test. I don't believe he's fit to run a country anymore. Thank God he's not president. That's what I think after I saw that. I'm not scared of what he said. I just literally think he failed a competency test. Now let's talk about why I was allowed back in America. Well, the first thing that I have a passport. That's the first reason. Secondly, it's kind of amazing that I'm seen as the number one fugitive. I have no criminal record anywhere on the planet. I've no criminal record in the UK. I have no criminal record in Romania. I've never been convicted. I've never been convicted of anything in America. I have no criminal record ever. If you go down to the mall in Miami and walk around, you're gonna walk past 30% of people with convictions. You're gonna walk around amongst criminals. I've never been convicted of anything.  anything ever. So it's amazing that I'm fugitive number one. That's the second point. That's interesting. The third point. And this is what's kind of funny when they tie Trump into me being free. My case was dismissed in December under President Joe Biden. The judge ruled that there wasn't enough evidence for it to go to trial in December under Joe Biden. Then the standard operating procedure in Romania and every other sophisticated judicial system is there's no indictment in the court. It was rejected by the court to go to trial due to lack of evidence or in fact, in our case, it wasn't even lack of evidence. It was falsified evidence. It was illegal evidence, which we can talk about. It was rejected. But for some reason, our bail conditions were kept. And they were kept saying the prosecutor believes he might rewrite it and try again. Is this a judicial system? Two years you keep me trapped in a country. You send an indictment to court. The court rejects it and they keep you on bail.  prosecutor can spend another two years typing up garbage? Is this a judicial system? I ask all the Americans who are watching this. How much blood do you expect me to give to a foreign country's judicial system? I gave them three years of my life. My reputation missed my grandmother's funeral didn't see two of my children lost my money lost my house lost my cars sat there went to court on time every single time and it got rejected by the court and now I'm kept kept on bail and eventually they released it and let me fly I'm not supposed to do what how long am I supposed to sit there while this country decides to try and find charges on me have I not done enough have I not given enough to Romania Mike bail conditions are that I have to return on the 23rd of March and I'm gonna make it very clear to right now to everybody listening I am going back I'm gonna fly back and obey my bail conditions I'm not running from anything because I'm not a coward but I find it completely flabbergasting that people are sitting there going oh Andrew why did you leave Romania of innocent I've been there three years dealing with this garbage I never wanted  anywhere. Let's actually analyze this. Imagine in an American court, they said to you, yeah, you're innocent. Yeah, there's not enough for trial, but you're still on bail. You still can't fly. You still can't go anywhere. We sent it back to the prosecutor and told them to try again. How long would that take as long as they want? Is that justice? I ask anybody. Is that justice? Is that expected of me? It's absolutely insane. And all the people who are complaining about the fact I'm here have never been to Romania. Don't know the Romanian system. Don't know the Romanian judicial process. I've been through it for three years. I barely understand it. These people are sitting around talking about things when they don't even understand. They don't have a clue what they're talking about. Another question, which is quite pertinent. I want to ask. I've seen a lot of idiots say Andrew escaped Romania because it was corrupt. If it's corrupt when I get to leave, isn't it corrupt when they locked me up? Or no, it's not corrupt. And they stick to the rules when they lock me up and destroy my life. But every year without charges, when I'm allowed to leave, it's corruption. Think about the  dichotomy of that. It's either one or the other. So people are just picking and choosing and doing anything they can because they don't like me. This is nothing to do with due process. These people don't respect due process. They don't care if I'm innocent or not. They just don't like me. Patrick, I have a feeling if I was fat and ugly. None of this would be happening in terms of the hate that I'm getting from the conservative type. You know when you're like tall, brown, sexy and rich. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Nice attack. Mine's got diamonds. And you're tall, brown, sexy and rich. They just don't like you. Any conservative should be sitting here going, I don't agree with Tate, but due process and he's not been charged. He's not guilty. So he's flying. It's normal. But they hate me so intrinsically. They hate me on a visceral level where they're saying forget due process, forget the legality, forget the fact that the Romanian judicial system shouldn't be trusted, forget the fact he's giving them three years of his life, forget all that. He's bad. Crazy. By the way, when you...  say dismissed, Rob just pulled this up as a March third, the charges against Andrew Tate have not been dismissed. In December 2024, Romanian court identified procedural errors in the case leading to a dismissal. However, investigations into allegations of human traffic and rape and forming an organized crime group are ongoing. Is it still that is that so? So let me clarify. Correct. Absolutely. December 2024, my case was dismissed. The Romanian court identified procedural errors in the case leading to a dismissal. That sounds like, oh, procedural errors, no big deal. What if procedural errors are false translations? What if procedural errors are illegal wiretaps? What if for procedural errors are not respecting my client attorney privilege? What if they spied on me when I was talking to my lawyer? What if they broke every single law in the Romanian Constitution, which is what they did? Then they returned it to the prosecutor and said, do it all again. So here it says, oh, it's still ongoing. Yeah, it was dismissed because the whole case is garbage, just as I described, they sent it back to the prosecutor, say, we'll keep him locked up. We'll keep him here. Here's two more years.  try again. Is that justice? I'm asking a genuine question. Maybe I'm jaded. Maybe I'm wrong because I'm living in the middle of it. As professional men, do you see that as justice? I beat my case. They lied and cheated the whole way through. They sent it back and then they get to say, oh, it's still ongoing because the case is open because we're going to do it again. Is that allowed? So, so, so, so, so Romania is expecting you to be backed by March 23rd. Correct. That's what because of this. No. And did they allow you to leave purely for what's the reason why they allow you to come to the states? They allowed me to come to the states because in December, my case was dismissed in 99.9% of Romanian cases. That means the end of bail conditions. With me, they kept the bail conditions. They kept them for December. They kept them for January. They tried to keep them for February. And my lawyers made submissions to court and we went in front of a judge and we complained that this is unfair. And a judge said, okay, let him fly as long as he comes back once a month. And I said, I'll respect the Romanian judicial system because I'm not running from anything and I'm going to go back. Guys, anyone who's concerned about me running doesn't understand me. We got a direct order from  the commander in chief. It was three words long and it was fight, fight, fight. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going back to Romania. They may arrest me. Maybe I'm going to be back in jail. I don't know what they're going to do. But I'm going to go back. I'm not running from any of this. I've never run from any of this. My bail conditions were lifted. I've been in Romania for a very long time. I felt like a holiday. I thought Ron was a good governor. I chose Florida. Turns out it's calm me this like the rest. But I'm here for a while. There's no huge conspiracy. There's no Trump pressure. There's none of these things. I gave the remaining government three years and eventually they said, okay, you can go to your home country. They should have let me come here a long time ago. I should have been able to come here the whole time. The whole process. I should have been able to come here. I've never been convicted. Why wasn't I free to travel the whole last three years? That's the actual question Ron should be asking. Ron should stand up there or anyone with a brain just stand up and say, okay, well, he's never been convicted. And the case keeps getting thrown out due to lack of evidence or falsified evidence and illegal evidence. Why couldn't he travel all this time? Why was he even stuck in Romania? Why did...  they even take my cars. Let's be professionals and ask pertinent questions here. Why did they steal my money? Why did they put me in jail? Why did they take all my cars? Why did they take my house? Why did they stop me seeing two of my children? Why couldn't I see my mother when she had a heart attack? Why couldn't I go to my grandmother's funeral? Why was my image slandered? Why was I locked in my house for a year and a half? And I couldn't even leave the living room? Why was I there if there was not even enough evidence to ever go to trial ever? Isn't that a better question than why am I in America? To me it seems to be, that's the question I would ask. Why have I even gone through any of this? We can go deep down the rabbit hole, but I have to be careful what I say because I'm the 23rd, I have to report to the Romanians. But I'll tell you this, Soros and the European Union, which has become communist, have massive influence over there. And you have a huge power struggle between the American state and the Soros state. And there's two teams and one of the teams wants me in jail for life. That's why I was dealing with all this. So, but was there any help from Trump's camp to help you get here? Was there any influence there? I have no idea. Okay, so you don't know, okay. I mean, I would like...  to think from a positive perspective. I'd like to be optimistic and believe that Donald Trump saw this garbage and maybe asked some questions. I like that idea, but I don't know. I had no confirmation. Right. I have no idea. I don't know why. However, as a professional, which I am, I would argue of Kamala one, I'd be in jail. But so would Trump. And so would everyone else. So would you. There's no question. So would you. And so would you. So Trump won. And perhaps the Romanian said, oh, the boss is back. Ah, we can't do this anymore. That's possible. Did Trump fly to Romania with an AK? I doubt it. But things change as a new administration. All the Americans are being released. Why is no one complaining about the Americans that got released from Venezuela? No one's complaining about the Americans that got released from Russia. Americans are being released all around the world because we finally have a real president again. And I seem to be one of them. The Romanian states are thought and said, ah, the boss is back. We probably can't continue to fuck with this guy for no reason. We don't even have a case. As it stands,  right now, guess how many indictments are in court against me? Zero, not one, not one. Well, let me, let me ask this one here with this situation here that you're in the States. Can you K because UK and US have an extra dish, you have a law that I think came about Rob, if you can pull it up, I think it's 03 or 07 or something like that. Can you K say now he's in the States, UK, can UK and US's relationship with each other, do anything to you? Is that a risk of yours? Is that a concern of yours or not at all? I'm tall brown, rich and sexy. So I have a strong suspicion. That's one of the reasons the UK hates me so much. Cause the UK is now a fallen nation. It's a completely calm, in this country. You can't speak out. It isn't interesting that not too long ago, America would talk about going to war and killing people for the idea of democracy and freedom. And now our allies, like the United Kingdom will lock people up for tweets or even worse, Trump and Vance will put Zelensky in this place, which needed to be done.  and then our allies will invite him over the next day and hug him and shake hands and promise him money. How do you feel about that? What I feel like is that they're not even our allies anymore. That's a snakeery. If my brother puts you in your place, and I come up behind his back and offer you money, am I my brother's brother? Is that how it works? No. So now we're talking about the UK government. We can go long and deep into the state of the United Kingdom because every single person I know with money is leaving. Why does the UK want to lock me up? Because I'm seen as a symbol of resistance against their communism. That's why they hate me. They hate me because I teach young men to think for themselves. That's why they hate me. Because the UK's fallen due to a lack of masculinity, which is why I promote. That's why they hate me. Are they going to try and get me? Probably. If I go to UK, will I ever get out? Probably not. Am I afraid of them? No. Because I don't operate from a realm of fear. We had a three-word instruction from the commander in chief. So if I had to go to the UK and fight them, I'm going to do that too. Until then, I'm on the PPD podcast. I don't know what they're going to try and do. All I know is I don't trust them. And I don't think any American who understands how the world's currently operating trust.  the UK government with anything. Do you, would you trust yourself, that a fair trial in the British court? In UK? Yeah, absolutely not. Exactly. So it's a setup. It's an absolute setup. Why did the UK even come for me? Once again, I have to be careful what I say because I'm the 23rd of March, I'm gonna be walking into the jaws of a tiger. But I can tell you this, the UK Foreign Office was heavily involved in my entire persecution in Romania. From the first day, they didn't get involved later, from beginning, from the before it even happened, the UK Foreign Office was saying, this man is a problem. We're talking about him in Parliament. He's a big problem in our schools. He's a big problem on the internet. He's a problem. Can't you take him off the internet? Can't you make him go away? That was the UK Foreign Office. When I got released from Romania and jail, then I got released from house arrest, all of a sudden Britain Trump subcharges from 2009, supposedly in 2009, I attacked some girl and I was arrested again for...  24 hours. I don't know if you guys remember and I said that for 24 hours. I was like, okay, wait, wait, wait, who When can't tell you that? So you're saying in 2009 I attacked a girl. Yes, who doesn't say when doesn't say where doesn't say just says 2009 You attacked a girl by coincidence Tristan also 2009 attacked a girl where when who don't know 2009 you both attack girls no details. We made it up extra night Thank God the Romanian state said no, this is not even evidence catched by with this is nothing that doesn't mean anything So the UK state start try to get us when Romania started to fail UK's lost its mind UK will look at the violence against women and then start saying my name Oh, this is because of misogyny and your tape did this no what did this is a lack of a border Unchecked migration thousands of people coming over from the third world each day on dinghies who have no jobs and loiter around the streets That's why women are not safe and London anymore. Not to do with me. They know what's nothing to do with me I'm their fall guy. I'm their fall guy for everything  As soon as anything goes wrong, they mentioned my name in the UK. I don't stay at a chance in their courts, but am I afraid of them? No, because I don't operate from around with fear. I need people at home. You know what? This whole circumstance has truly damaged my faith in humanity. COVID did the same. Before COVID, I really thought people were better than that. But when I log onto Twitter and someone's like, Andrew Tote's accused of, I can accuse a ham fucking sandwich. What does that mean? It doesn't mean anything what you're accused of. It matters what you're found guilty of. And then you have to argue about the legitimacy of the court because there's people in America who are getting wrecked by courts. That's America. Imagine, please, is there any better sign of my innocence than the fact I won fair and square in a Romanian court under the Biden admin? Is that not the best possible badge I can wear? When Biden was president in a Romanian...  I beat my case and they'll still sit there and go, oh, but he's guilty. Did I say some stupid things on the internet 12 years ago? Yes, but I also said I'm an astronaut and guess what? Elon's not calling. So it doesn't matter. It's not you need a victim. You need actual, you need proof. You can't say he said one stupid thing on the internet 12 years ago. Anyone who believes that's a criminal case is a dumbass. So here we are. You talk about Great Britain there after me, Romania is still after me, drawn to Santas is after me, aliens are probably after me. I don't know what to do. I'm just a man. But you know, we're told Brown, Rich and Sexy. We're doing our best. How did it feel when you landed? You haven't been here for six years. What was that feeling like when you guys landed in the state you were born here? NDC, what did that feel like? You know, it's amazing because we were supposed to have Wi-Fi on our jet. No one knew we were leaving. We get in the air. The Wi-Fi doesn't work, of course. So we had no idea about the fanfare.  So he landed and Tristan's phone starts working. And then he says, wow, it seems people are very interested. It seems like this is a big, big, big story. I didn't expect it to be this big. I said, yeah, it is a big story. I'm kind of surprised as well. I didn't think anybody would even really care that much. And Tristan said to me, he goes, better this than nobody caring at all. And this is a very interesting point that my haters don't understand. Because I get so many of these conservative dorks, and they are dorks, these nerds. Andrew Tudes, bad guy, bebebebebebe. Crying about me all of the time is the reason my brand is so big. It takes hot and cold air to make a tornado. And there's nothing more feminine than sitting there as a conservative influencer. I'm a conservative influencer. And he's so dangerous and he's so bad, he's so scary. You sound like a girl. You sound like a girl, it's gay. They make this gay. They make me sound like a mafia boss all the time. Which is why young men go, well, do I want to be like the big boss that everyone talks about? But I want to be like this.  who talks about being afraid on his Twitter. My haters can't stop mentioning me. I didn't tweet for all that time, because I didn't need to. The whole Twitter was me. I don't need to tweet. I just need to breathe and they talk about me. So they give me so much unlimited energy. If my haters have had a brain, they'd stop talking about me, but they can't. They can't. So when I land and all these haters and senators and Ron and everything, I'll break down. I kind of just sit in the middle of it like, well, I mean, I guess on the main character, I guess. I mean, what am I supposed to do with it all? But you're asking how I feel. It's kind of interesting because it was such a whirlwind that it's still such a whirlwind now. And I know I have to go back in a few weeks. No feelings of really come to light. Come to light. I said, yeah, I don't feel, no, I don't feel relieved anyway. Remind this family, memories, you and Tristan, buy yourself, hey man, this is kind of cool. Six years, nothing. There is, there is an element of that. But how do I say this without sounding psychotic? Let me try and...  not to sound crazy. My haters have enough ammo. Let me try to sound psychotic. Parts of me will be disappointed if I don't go to Romanian Joe. And I know this sounds nuts. Maybe this is a coping mechanism. I don't know. We can all talk psychology. When you're a man and every single government in the world is after you, maybe you cope by thinking, well, if they do win, I'll get a cool story. Maybe that's coping. I'm being honest now. We can talk to Dr. Phil, call Dr. Phil. I don't know. But I was so certain that we were cooked. I was like, you know one beats these people. You can't beat this is the fucking setup. And they're gonna rig the next election, like they're rig 2020 and they're gonna set us up and we're done. We're toast. I was so certain I was cooked. I kind of in my mind was like, oh, I'm cooked. And now I'm not cooked. I'm like, well, I don't deserve to be cooked, which is good. But it's a very strange feeling. I just hadn't prepared for it. I don't know what else to say. It's really weird. It's really weird. But I was disappointed by my welcome. I'm not gonna lie, but I'm gonna train Ron. We're gonna be okay. We've been on video a few times, but you sound...  Ingrier than ever. Is that your resounding emotion right now? You know, I said this on the plane to Tristan and I said that him and I truthfully, if I think and if I analyze, one of the reasons why our haters hate us so much and it must be very frustrating to dislike us because in the end we always just seem to win. It must be very frustrating to hate us and then no matter what happens, no matter how many times I think we've got this guy, the bank to rights look, four criminal cases in Romania, two criminal cases in England, he can't fly, he's done. Here's an old video he's explained a thousand times. Let's retweet that. Look, we've got him, he's toast. No one will talk to him. The governor hates him. And then I'm on a jet boom bang. Oh, they must hate me. I get it, I get it, right? And then you can talk about, you know, if this is the universe, if this is your own hard work, if you're divinely protected, if it's fake, 