 Hello fans and friends. We're here with a very important member of European Parliament. We have to be careful what we say, of course, otherwise we'll get more Euro poll notes. Is there some many times of Euro poll put us on that red list? Oh, I've been arrested all sorts of times. So he's the boss for today. So I'm going to try my best to be careful the questions I ask him, but we're going to try and get some truth at the same time, you know, because he's the most transparent member of European Parliament. I'm a huge fan of it. We've got a lot of his videos here where to go through them all. So today should be a very interesting emergency meeting. Glad you're all here for now. In our home countries in the UK, which, you know, we left the European Union and in Romania, we are current European Union member state. Everybody knows what the European Union is and what it does. However, I feel like the European Union kind of overestimates its own global importance and we have lots of viewers who will be joining us from places like the United States, South America, South Africa who don't know or perhaps don't really care what the European Union is. So you are a member of this  organization also in Europe people don't care about Europe, bro. So what is the European Union and what is your job there? Wow Hello, ladies and gentlemen. I'm very excited to be here I need to say first of all that everyone taught me to not come here But I am okay to talk to anybody in the world and this is what true democracy is so I'm very excited to be here And thank you for gas invited me. So yes, I'm a member of the European Parliament the youngest man in the European Parliament. I'm 24 And what is the European Union? It's a very complicated organization that is functioning in a very complicated way So I don't know you want me to explain how it's function unless in 60 seconds if you're an American who doesn't know what it is Explain what it is in in the European Union We don't have a president something alive. We'll have three institutions four institutions is the European Commission which the president is also under  and they, one member country, we have 27 countries in the European Union, put a minister kind of. So Ursula Wondera is like the ruler of the ministers and we have the European Parliament, which is 720 members of the European Parliament that where I call the elect as well. And also we have the European Council, which is where every country sends their ministers. So it's very complicated, guys, that's why nobody cares about Europe, it's nobody understands it. So and we have also the presidents of all the countries in Europe, the Council of the European Union, which kind of determine the fallen policy of Europe. So to pass a law and a regulation, these three institutions in the European Commission, European Parliament and the Council, they need to agree together, which they almost never do. But in a very complicated way, that's why there is very slow, there is a lot of regulation. Also there is 70,000 people working in this bureaucratic system.  which is interesting. I only need to stay in the beginning. I'm a European lover. I think European union is helping more than is taking but we can get into this more later. I love you all. Yeah, there's a very interesting conversation we can have here and my brother's interested in some specific details but I must say you're I love the fact that you're so transparent based on the fact you were recently elected to the European Parliament and you've taken over TikTok and taken over social media by being so transparent and trying to make people at home understand how these things work. And I was wondering if you could do me a favor, sir. I'm going to ask you some questions and I would love you to answer in one word if you can because I think that this quick fire around that what's going to do at the end? But let's do it now at the beginning and you answer one word yes, no or one word. And I think it'd be good to let everybody at home understand some things about Europe and understand the world. Are you okay with that? Is that okay? We do that. Yes, sir. All right, ready? Oh my God.  ready? Okay. Is democracy real? Ah, no, I think we'll have the illusion of democracy in Europe. So no, it's not right. I love how great. So no, that was our rule. Does the media tell the truth? Ah, it tells their truth. Yes, I know. Does the media tell the truth? No, always. No. Do the people in the European Parliament have any real power to affect the lives of people inside their country? All together, yes, but the majority are always kind of what the system wants in the biggest party. So they control behind the door the majority and a lot of the times is what the parties want from before. So if you had to say yes and I would you say members of European Parliament can change the lives of their people at home? Single members of the European Parliament? No, they cannot change anything.  I'm trying to understand the system. I'm fine with getting arrested. Don't get him arrested. All right. All right. Next question. Are members of the European Parliament somehow making a lot of money more than their wages? Would you estimate? Would you say yes or no? Some people are getting very rich somehow. I think it's the minority. Very few people by the thing this is true. OK. That last question is not yes or no. Which country in Europe do you think has the best leader currently? Ah. I don't know enough information to answer this. I apologize. Oh, no. OK. Next question. I would say Hungary. We're like, by the way, I need to say that inside the parliament, they hate Viktor Orbán. Do you know why? Because he cares about his people. Well, that's why. I could guess why. Well, half-chima is the devil of the European Parliament. He's the devil because he cares about his people. So when he came to...  and all this time it was a huge debate for the weeks. Do the biggest party will attend there or they will leave to lift him alone to talk in their room. It's like, it's interesting conversation. But what is this democracy to live from the debate? Of course it's not about this. I don't know. And the fact that you have a conversation. Even if we like or dislike, I think we should be open to his ideas. The fact that the person they hate the most being a nationalist doesn't that say that they just want to have overarching power. It's interesting. In a country you serve the European Union. EG, if France decides law is X and the European Union decides law is Y, can France go against the European Union or is the European Union in charge of France as all those laws? I think it depends. I'm not 100% sure, but I think it depends on each topic. There is some topics that the member states can choose, but there is some topics that before they come to the European Union, we agree that this is our common rules that we are. Do members of the European Parliament care what the people...  who represent they're supposed to represent even want. Do they ever talk about what their people want? Do you ever heard a member of the European Parliament talk about what their people want? Yes, I think they care, but it's hard because a lot of people don't care about the European parliament, they don't care. So even if nobody questions them, nobody like we see if they voted wrong or not only in the bubble. Nobody, if you go and ask in the euro streets in the European Union, who is your favorite member of the European Union, how the European Union factors, what they voted about these very important bills, marcos, or grimoires, or whatever, nobody will know. And that's the problem, there's no accountability, there's no fault, they can do whatever they want and there is no, and I want to hold them accountable. Do you think they take advantage of the fact that nobody's really keeping an eye on them to just do whatever they want? Well, I think this is human behavior all the time. Of course. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, by the way, I understand. I'm a European lover, but we need to be critic of...  what the European Union is doing. You have to be critical of what we improve it. Yes. So this is the thing. There is a lot of things that we kind of improve. The European Union is amazing. It helps like especially for Cyprus. I'm from Cyprus, I own the Mediterranean. And it's like there is studies that happen where getting the most benefits in the European Union and whatever we bring to the table. Of course. So there is a lot of beautiful things about the European Union. Does the European Union try and influence the elections in countries for leaders they want? You dropped the ball. What? Is it a question? Well this is a topic that we need to get with Tristan in to discuss. Let's go. I'm ready. Let's go. So I think we have similar opinions about this but recently Moldova we're talking before that you wanted to say your  what you think about, what happened in Moldova, what happened in Georgia. These are countries, guys, in the close to the European Union. What is that they're trying to be in set the European Union that they applied and all this time there in this process of getting the European Union? Well, the important thing is, I don't really believe in interfering in elections in the way that the European Union says that they do. So they say Russia's interfered in this election. Obviously, the European Union does exactly the same thing for the candidates. They like in the election. I don't believe in it. Let's say us three or all citizens of Moldova, or all citizens of Spain or France. And this guy here off the camera, this guy, is making videos for candidate A. We're watching candidate A, and what candidate A has to say, because he's making videos. Let's pretend he's Chinese. It doesn't matter where he's from. If I as a citizen of France see a candidate running for the parliament of France, and I like what he says on video, and I cast my vote as a Frenchman, I don't see that as interference at all, because the people inside the country still have voted for the person.  who they want to win. You see, what when they say the European Union is influential, a Russia is influencing, Russia is not sending millions of people to Europe to vote in the elections, they're not changing the ballots, they're just maybe putting the voice out, maybe putting the voice out of a French candidate who they want to win in France. I don't see that as a difference at all. I will ask your question. So for example, let's take as example my country side, it's very small. So any interference from the United States to make some money and to interfere in the elections, like do we really, is do we want to allow this in a democracy to help? Well, how do you, how do you define, not, how do you define interference? Because you got voted for because you went really big on social media. People like what you had to say. Now let's say I like you and I'm a British man. I like you. And before you ran, I was resharing your videos. I have a very big following. I have millions of people who listen to what I say. Does that count as British interference? If more  people see your videos because I've shared them because I had a massive platform than you. Is that British interference in the election? Because it's your words convincing your people. Well it's interesting. But what is an organization, an organization that's happening, a lot of people that have vested interest for you together. And so it's like for you because you are independent, think and you have that I to do it, I think, but when countries come and do interfere, but I think this is not exactly the conversation that we need to have. Because what the European Union can let's say in Moldova, the European Union went and did a lot of streets that paid a lot of money millions of dollars. And they're not a member of the. And they're not. But in a way, but the same thing Russia did in a way, like they went and gave to a lot of older people, money and all this stuff. So this is the question why do you draw the line on interference and influence? And it's like this is the hard question. But this is the broader question.  for all laws in the world today, even nothing to do with politics in your opinion. The broader question is this, laws have now become so far reaching and so subjective. Everybody is guilty of everything all the time. Of course, the European Union influences politicians. Of course, outside factors influence politicians. Of course, somebody's opinion on TikTok and influence of opinion. Of course, everybody's influencing everything always. So what they do is subjectively choose and decide who they're going to accuse of these crimes, lie by omission when the other people do it. Think how insane it is to accuse a country of being influenced by Russia because of some TikToks when the entire MSM apparatus within that country is pro-European, thought sponsored by the EU and pushing the EU agenda and then anyone talking about influence. So it's just selective choice. Everyone's influencing everything and they just selectively choose and decide who to prosecute and who to purport as the bad guy. That's the actual true red pill against nearly all laws. Whenever they have any one percent of an inkling or an idea, an idea that Russia in any way, a Russian TikTok account, a Russian YouTube account, has post-  it x number of videos. It doesn't matter that no Russians are here meddling with the votes. They claim Russian interference and they interject in the elections and they try to call them unconstitutional, which I think is extremely scary because there is not a single reason. And I'm going to say this. It's going to get me into some trouble. And I'll talk about Romania as well. Romania, Moldova, Georgia, all these states that have historically, they have a very long and complex history with their local superpower. And this is something that I want to get across to all voters in Eastern Europe, whether it be Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, what you have to understand is there are three major superpowers in the world, China, Russia and America. What's crazy to me is how the mainstream media convinces people in Moldova or Ukraine, like they did. That their local superpower isn't Russia and they convince people in places like Moldova and Ukraine to look in the mirror and see western faces. Moldovan people after listening to the media will look in their bathroom mirror and say, you know what? Yeah, we're NATO. We're just like the  Americans I want to be on their team because I'm speaking as an American here and not a European if you put a Russian and a Ukrainian and a Georgian and a Moldovan in the same room and make them speak their own languages every single American will be like, oh, it's a bunch of Russians. To America, they're all Russians. However, they've nitpicked these very small differences between Russian culture, Ukrainian culture, Moldovan culture, culture, Georgian culture and they somehow convince everybody in Eastern Europe that their local superpower and their best friend is all the way over on the other side of the Atlantic. What is wrong? I'm asking you as a member of European Parliament with a country in the European Union wanting to be friends with its local superpower, which is Russian. I have another, I actually have another argument towards it. Go ahead. And my view on all of these things is simple. They need a bogeyman. Oh, they need a bogeyman. The whole world needs a bogeyman. What do you mean by that? I mean that a villain, a monster, an enemy, a unified. So, you need to have a bogeyman. You need to have a bogeyman. So, the...  Truth is this, if you do not say Russia, interfere in the elections, then you have to admit that you're going against democracy because democracy's a lie. As you just said earlier yourself, and I've been saying for a very long time, democracy's not real. The European Union doesn't want anyone to vote in a competent nationalist. If they do, they want that to be overthrow because democracy's not real. They can't admit it's them, so they want to blame someone else. They can't, who they gonna blame? They have to blame somebody. So they just choose Russia. When they took explain later, what you mean that democracy's not real, because you had a conversation because it's very controversial statement to say that democracy's not real. Yeah, but when they have elections, and they don't like the outcome of the elections, they give you two choices. Now the thing that's actually interesting is, usually those two choices are on the same team. If you do manage to get two choices on opposing teams, if the opposing team wins, they have to get rid of that person, so they redo the election, and they have to blame Russia. They either blame Russia or China, because there's no one else that anyone else will believe is powerful enough to somehow affect the election. I think it's garbage head to toe. Most people with a functioning brain realize it's garbage.  which had to do. Why is it when you always vote for a competent nationalist who cares about his people, more than he cares about the European Union, it was somehow Russia? And whenever it's anyone else is all fine and there's no talk of the interference. The example before you interject the example is this, Moldova votes for the pro-European candidate, they want to be European Union, everyone's happy for Moldova, okay? They all speak Russian in Moldova by the way, almost 100% of the population, they speak Romanian and Russian, they speak two languages. Georgia does the same thing, and the Orthodox Christian Turks, you know, more about Moldova than I thought, well done sir. Yeah, they speak Turkish. When Georgia does the same thing and they vote their non-European Union person, why are their protests, riots, unrest, fire bombs going on in Georgia, and why do the people who sit in your house doing the same job as you say, yes, we need to be with the Georgian people who are protesting on the streets. Why didn't they do that with Moldova? Why is Russia the bad guy? Well, that's exactly where I agree with you guys, because I don't like that...  We are the good guys and they are the bad guys which we are doing is the same thing trying to influence the country to come towards us. So I think the label in the other people as but I think if try to influence as much as you want give them money for roads, give them but when they decide they decide they don't make it them that is wasn't democratic this was a bullshit elections and all this time label them all to your favor that's my problem that you are making the other persons but you are doing the same thing. So why as a Cypriot and I guess Cypriot I mean Cyprus used to be part of the British Empire it didn't it originally and Greece is considered to be part of Western Europe because they never fell behind the iron curtain it's a more Western European country if you're Greek or if you're Cypriot certainly ideologically why does the European Union not want any Eastern European nations to be friends with Russia which is their local superpower? Why do they oppose and call candidates pro-Russian pro-Putin?  When really they just want to buy cheap energy and be friends. Why do they hate that so much? I don't know. It's a good question. But I think like this, I do you know Messheimer, professor Messheimer, is a very cool guy and his philosophy I agree with him that we are living an Narcic world. So with countries we don't have democracy in towards the countries together. We have democracy inside this country kind of like we said. So the strongest person in the jungle it's the other people and we see this kind of result with United States They all started like 20 30 wars in the last 40 years. So the strongest person. So this is kind of a power game Who has the more power because they can get the most away with so but now is the first time that okay? Someone is rising to power and challenging the United States and yeah And it's like bullshit that I'm very much that we are even talking about third world world world It's crazy that way this stuff with now putty  and Zelensky and the United States, they are with the Miso's and all this stuff is the first time that we... So you are 24 years old, you are the exact age, I'm a bit too old actually, thank God, but you are the exact age of the men who they round up and send to go fight and die in stupid wars. That's your age right now. Why does the European Union, for a country Ukraine, which is not in the European Union, which is historically has massive ties to Russia, both in blood and history? Why are the European Union members, I guess, so willing to round people like you up and talk about going to die in Ukraine? When it's not part of our history. It's crazy, we vote all the time in the European Parliament for war to keep sending guns, not to stop peace talks, nothing to keep sending guns, to keep funding the war. And the majority of it. So I think we talked about it before, I think I know some people that they are voting for the guns, but when you talk with them...  They agree with me, but because they are in this party, they are party put them in their country, for example, Germany or something. So they cannot go against because they will lose their job because in the next time they were not going to put them for reelection. And that's the problem for democracy, because you do two years, two, three years, you're mandate. And then the next two years, you care about the reelection. So yeah, it's... So let me just confirm. So you're saying that there will be somebody there who understands funding the Swars wrong, but they'll agree to fund the war because if they don't, their party will not put them up for reelection and their parties controlled. So therefore, they have to vote for war even though they know it's wrong to keep their job. Ah, unfortunately, yes. Here, here's a really interesting TikTok you've made. Let's play it. The European Union is considering creating its own army. Right now, the European Union has 27 different national armies. But the last years, the idea of developing a unified military that will work alongside national armies is getting more...  popular. By having a common EU army we could share resources and knowledge which might help Europe respond faster to threats. That will make the EU one of the most powerful entities in the world alongside China, Russia and the United States. But wait, it's not all good. There might be some countries that disagree on how to use this army. And this unification might also mean that the countries will lose full control over their own troops and national security. Also we already have big military alliance with other countries like the United States called NATO. So we will need to rethink how this common army will work within NATO. But what do you think? Is the creation of a common European army a good idea? Let me know in the comments below. I have a question about your video. Could you see what do you think guys do you think we need army? Well I'm going to ask you the question. You say for the...  European Union to respond to threats. Who is threatening the European Union with war and death and armies? Who are we at threat from? Well, it's a Curious to share your question, but the argument that is good for To have to unify Darmi because we don't matter in the world now We don't have a unified army nobody cares about that is like France. He has his own different army Germany has his own different So if we but our gender pit altogether is strong. It's like a lot of money So if we have a common European army, we're going to matter like Russia does like United States does like China But the question is like you want to use it in a wrong way because this is how we use it So our army was going to be fighting Ukraine now if we had a common European army So that's why it's a double-edged sword and it's very complete topic. I'm curious to hear your thoughts It's interesting right because we talk about respond to threats. So I'm going to name some countries Russia  responding to a threat because Russian territories been hit. So I'll name some countries where NATO jets operate. And you can tell me if any soldiers from those countries have attacked the European nation. Libya, Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, any of those places coming attack their army turned up on European borders anytime? Don't think so. Russia has Russia invaded NATO? Don't think so. China. China? North Korea? Has anyone actually attacked Europe? Or are they making this army to attack others? It's a legit question. But when you have army, you have also leverage our power. You can't. People are afraid of you. You can't get stuff when you are asking like you. I don't know. I'm just making the case. You're right. But you are part of the organization. A small part, but you are a part more than myself, my brother. What would we do with this army? How would we leverage it? Who would we threaten? Definitely. Don't trust us. I'm just going to the borderline to decide about this army. Shoot, come on. Shoot, come on.  I'm an old man, I'm older than you, 12 years older than you. And the only blood I've ever seen spilled in the European Union on our shores, the only people I've ever seen killed, massacred, et cetera, et cetera have been killed by people who the European Union just let come into our countries. Why would you send an army to defend a country if you leave the border wide open and anyone can arrive on a boat and they can kill people inside of that country? What's the point in being a soldier going to die to defend a sovereign nation when the enemy is inside of it? Because Europeans die all the time. And our enemy is on the other side. The German side. Saudi guy just killed a bunch of people. I'm asking why would I be a soldier for Germany to go and protect German interests when the enemy can just turn up on a boat, come to Germany and live for free with the point? Well, that's a whole question about the migration that we did a debate before as well. So it's a very complete, complete, complete, complete. And if you're cared about defending its sovereignty, why is it have open borders? So Europe doesn't care about defending it.  sovereignty, all it cares about is pushing agendas and banker wars trying to make money off the bank. Because they could send you, you yourself, they could get you into this European Union army, send you to fight their war in Ukraine, and then your wife and children at the Christmas market home will get murdered by some psychopath who comes from abroad anyway. What good is a European army if our women and children are still dying right here where we live? Well, I'm just saying that this is a more complicated topic. We are going to get into this. We're going to get into the topic of immigration to understand if there is some cases that is good, there's some cases that is bad, they make a racial, illegal immigration, different these wars than immigration. So yeah, it's a whole different discussion. I'm really curious. In European parliament, have they discussed Nord Stream? I'm not sure since I was there. I don't know. I don't think so. I was going to know. Has anyone said who blew it up? Because they blame the Russians. They say the stream applies to you. Do they mention Nord Stream and German energy?  the fact that energy bills are too high, do they talk about Nord Stream or they never mention it? I don't think they talk about it a lot. Isn't that crazy? Because that may be the single factor that put the nail in the coffin on the German economy. Germany no longer has energy. It can afford it. It can't make cars anymore. It can't grow food anymore because these energy prices are too high. And the European Union, what kind of things do you talk about? So you've been a member for six months, correct? What issues has the European Union fixed in those six months? So I need to say, guys, I'm new to the European parliament. I'm also 24, I'm not too politics anyway. So I'm going to probably say some wrong stuff here. But this is how you improve, how you learn. You say your opinion and you move on to the topic. But it's interesting. What we did in the European parliament the last six months. OK, the European Commission is now formed. So now they will start sending us regulation. But actually, we did almost nothing. We just do, we just vote about the resolution about our opinion about this topic. And we are talking.  I want to mention this again now to have people watching it as like you find this interesting and sad so how do they pass these resolutions and this regulation? A lot of the time there's some regulations that are good but I'm going to talk specifically about this that they're trying to pass their agenda. So we're mentioning about we did a regulation resolution our opinion about something that happened. This is what the European Parliament does mostly. Our opinion about this, our opinion about this, our opinion and we agree about the text. And this how they did it is like about they were talking about Crimea and that's three prisoners that they were harassed and all this stuff so you can find and they were say because of that that's why we need to have against Russia's actions and more money and more money to Ukraine all this stuff. So you are they are using this to influence the politicians. You cannot vote against these three people to be against them but you can find so many  This is what Elon Musk is talking about with information actually to say the narrative is very is the most important thing You forgot all the other things that happen in Ukraine in countries in Europe and all this stuff the bad things But you are only saying the bad thing that you can use it against your opponent. Yeah, they lie by our mission They leave out most of the story and they choose to part the story they want they did this to us when you are probably a very young man I remember about nine years ago. They did this to us. There was a child on the coast of Spain I mean, there's a three-year-old boy and he drowned and washed up on the beach in Spain trying to cross in the dinghy and Photos of that kid drowning which is of course very very sad I'm a father myself. I can't imagine how horrible that is pictures of that kid went everywhere everywhere This kid drowned in the Mediterranean this kid drowned in the Mediterranean It was everywhere for three whole months and then the invasion started hundreds of thousands of people start coming every week As I always need to use the Navy to help them because we don't want anymore kids drowning All we need to use our ships  to guide them in, bring them into Europe, we can't have any more kids drowning. So every single person that's been killed in Europe by somebody who came across illegally in a boat does their life, does that child's life outweigh the lives of Europeans? Because when you're talking about this Crimea situation and you want these three men free, okay, sending guns and weapons means thousands, tens of thousands of young Ukrainian men. You're a... We never hear stories about the half a million Ukrainians that died. We never hear. It's like, that's why they keep voting. If there is always stories about this kid died, he had a family, he had 20 cousins. They're kind of his mother is... I can never forgive the Russian people there. It's like... Do you know what jokes are styled in once said? He said, 10 people dying is a tragedy. 10,000 people dying is a statistic. You can imagine the life of one person or two people and get very sad. But when they say numbers...  like 500,000, it loses all meaning. That's why freedom of speech is very important here, because we need to hear both of the narratives all the time, and we need to have free flow of information, because if they decide who did what and what they're going to promote the media and all this stuff, that's why I'm very happy with Twitter and all this stuff now with the freedom of speech. And it's like we have censorship in Europe. Like I put a TikTok about you that I'm going to come here. And I get like hundreds of thousands of views every time I post, and my TikTok got 1,000 views. So it's like, they're censoring some stuff. And we need to see, like I never on the, I'm understood where is the line. What they draw misinformation, this information, why they censor your own thing, like what, because how they define. And they allow the times when you don't know who is censoring and what they're censoring.  It's not right. So we need more transparency. I'll just, you know, OK, these are the rules. These are how they're censoring. Yeah, that's changing. So it's, it's, but the rules in Europe allow even if, if Elon bought X, the regulations and the rules in Europe, they are forcing him to comply with this stuff. So he's banning Russian media. By the way, Russian media, I want, I also, Russia is banning hundreds of media outlets of the Western world. So they are doing even worse. But we don't need to ban it. We need freedoms for invasion. And with the citizens decide what we believe. So I'm American and very likely I'm an American with an American passport. So it's very hard for Europeans to tell me I broke any speech law because I'm protected by the First Amendment and I'm an American citizen. But America, the good people in America certainly are very free speech. It's built into our constitution. It is the First Amendment. Why is Europe so anti-free speech? Because it is compared to the United States.  and many other countries. Why is Europe so pro-censorship? Why? Andrew Dihama. I certainly do, sir. I have a whole bunch of answers. But in fact, that kind of leads into a question, which is interesting. I'm going to play your next tick-tock, and ask another question. At the back. There is something I hate about the United States, and it is their foreign policy. Now, I'm a member of the European Parliament, but before I was a professional YouTuber living in Los Angeles for three years, and actually I love everything about the people and my experience there. But there is something that I hate about the US. It is the country that has been involved in more wars in contemporary history. The US has bombed countries like Syria, Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan, Serbia, Panama, Somalia, Vietnam, Korea, Laos, Cambodia, and the least keeps going on and on.  participate in Georgia since George·s. Wrapτηρüyorum 펼אפatable για לכτρένα αν Εὐκ��οι να το Verd heißt anticipating that the US has overthrown several governments in the name of freedom and democracy.ams. το어요 το μώιοliyor Tetralias. την εκευρι promise to spend in regards state allows you to invest in their tax in distortions.ronicated but instead promote peace and diplomacy. Εγώ θα τα καταιμοποιήσω στην Ελλάδα totesrywλό洗 το βοπό του άλλη. But what do you think? Can you support the foreign policy of the United States or not? και λεξ Teilώ δεν θα προσω clusters composite με τα καταιμοποιήσω, אז έναν προχειάξημα, ενα μόνο χρımızıιο τι ευχοριστώνει την Ελλάδα 거ases επανακ Hannocksos Teenagers και μετα nombreικές ειταλές της Εντρατής sparklingθ... Μπον αυτά θε Swiss BLA  Parliament said no America we're independent and we're going to do what we want as opposed to what the American deep state wanted I don't know I'm too young. I know how well I don't know the age about this stuff about experience Yeah, so since you've been there They've never been any conversations that said in any way to go against the foreign policy of America No, I don't think so every time America decides to Because we are a NATO there most of the countries in Europe they are inside NATO and a lot of the times United States control the decisions of NATO Let's imagine in a fictional world. There's a conversation and there's a scenario in which America wants one thing and the Europeans want something else. What do you think would happen? Well, America wants to with the European problem. I think what I made a con win. That's right So it's it's not really even any democracy at all. I guess is it so so when you say I can't find people to vote against giving money in guns to Ukraine That's because the American establishment the previous American establishment the current American establishment want money in guns for Ukraine Is that a coincidence that they just align perfectly with the European Union who they need?  By the way, if the European Union said no, no money and guns for Ukraine, they couldn't move it through Hungary They couldn't move them through Romania. They couldn't move them there. The European Union could stop this But they don't I Would love for you to ask the European Parliament who built Pubello up Nord Stream I can ask a question to my friend Ursula von der Landl Let's see who else has to see what she said Who blew up? I think it's very interesting to know who blew it up because it destroyed the entire German economy Yeah, do you think the members of the European Parliament are genuinely concerned about the fact that nobody Trusts them or like some or they don't care. They're just smiling on there all the way to the bank Do they ever wake up and go oh no everyone hates me because I keep voting against interests of my people or do they just don't care? You know is not that the people hate them people are so they ignore them So is they don't even know about them like they think that then the center of the world and nobody cares about them There is like ten may media that the writing articles about these ten TV stations that they're covering this with very few people watching But like sure nobody cares about you know  like European politics was never cool as in my experience. So yeah, I think the politicians now are very scared to, you know, not scared, but they're a bit confused. How this kid, 24-year-old kid came, and he gets more attention, like politicians, once attention for that idea of the country are lifted, is their currents. And I'd like to ask you about that, because the European Union, after what happened in Romania, which I'm not gonna go too much into, because I live here. And, you know, the system here is very scary. You've seen what's happened to me over the last few years over nothing. They're starting to talk the Romanians and now the European Union as a whole about the danger of TikTok, how dangerous it is. You're a man who got elected, let's be honest, because of TikTok. If you didn't have TikTok, or maybe some other social platforms, no one would know who you are, and you wouldn't have your seat. Why are they scared of TikTok? And what is it about TikTok specifically that the European Union think that we need to ban and get rid of? So, I will talk...  from my personal experience, I don't know 100% what is happening in other countries, but the polls were showing me one week before the elections 2%. And I got 20% of the vote. So, I'm just saying that the people are changing their behavior now. They are getting different their information. And also, by the way, guys, I stole your strategy. Thank you. Because of, I understood from you becoming famous in all this stuff. I saw and I was paying attention. It's like you are making podcasts and then you are cutting the clips. Short from content, short, real, thick talk and all this stuff. So this is what I did basically as well. This is how I was elected, livestream and all this stuff. But not only just my opinion, I was trying to give value to the society. This is my rule of thumb. Like I was trying to break the word record of registration, so the elections for people to register to vote. I did...  some things. Anyway, so I was trying to advise you to society. This was all the videos about to educate people on things and all this stuff with the podcast. So I watched the work is changing and it's very interesting because I'm just a stupid YouTuber that just decided to run for the elections like the statistics of me even before I ran the person that got the most votes it was 2000 votes as independent. I got like 70,000 votes. So it's like the work is changing and I'm very excited about this new world because it gives us the people more power. But I'm curious to hear your thoughts about direct democracy. Well, I would say first and foremost you're right. The systems are outdated and it does not surprise me at all. The polling systems, the police are not understanding because they don't understand they label this as something. They're scared of it because because I don't think the young men it's probably young men and young women who vote for you in your country. That's right. Like 40% down the uh  30 they were that for me. I don't think those people who watch TikToks and think I'm gonna vote for this guy Participate in polls To the people how they do polls they call 16,000 people Only 1,000 people answer their phone and that it's extremely biased now All those 15,000 that they and that this is actually statistics from Cyprus polls only 15,000 are rejected and these 1,000 people They are set the type of people yeah to answer their phone and talk to for half a hour to apologize The people that they have alive and they are taking decisions that they don't have the time so they reject so by default your Your measure is wrong. So we need to come up with new ideas of how we do polling with social media And how do we judge and everyone in the European parliament their speeches was it's impossible for you to have 10 3% of the votes and  And then magically you get the majority over the vote. But like, they're dinosaurs. They don't understand at all. So we wouldn't have a good solution. We could, sorry, interruption. We could argue that they're dinosaurs and they don't understand social media. I would argue that they do understand social media, but they cannot control it. And they fear what they cannot control because they're trying to push narratives because they have to purport garbage to ensure that everybody stays inside of the matrix mind. Because I was about to say a wonderful idea, if I was in charge of the European Union, would be band TikTok. Band TikTok. Fuck, fiddias and people like him, he could never get elected because we band TikTok. There's no TikTok, there's no social media. We could troll everything again. Well, let's look at something that Fiddias recently said on TikTok and we'll talk about why the European Union will be scared of videos like this because they're true. This is the truth and they fear the truth. There is a crucial aspect on the war in Ukraine that almost nobody's talking about. And that is the actual will of the Ukrainian people. First, I must state that I'm against the Russian invasion in Ukraine. Having said that, I also feel they need to acknowledge that before the war, you claim...  was deeply divided into two groups. In the northern half of the country, the people were mostly Ukrainian speaking, pro-Western, whereas in the southern half, they were mostly Russian speaking, pro-Russian. You can clearly see the divide in the election result. Over the past couple of decades, where each one of these groups, the pro-Western and the pro-Russian was represented by different political parties and different presidential candidates. Now, here is the question, what do people in each one of the regions of Ukraine really want today? And not just the ones that are living in the free part of the country, but also those in areas occupied by Russia. I believe in the context of any future peace talks, and absolutely a central step should be to organize referendums under the United Nations supervision. In order to take into account the will and the needs of the people of every region.  of the country and to ensure a long lasting peace between Ukraine and Russia. So no more conflicts between these two countries happen in the future. But what are your thoughts about what I am saying? Let me know in the comments below. That is a very reasonable and very intelligent standpoint for someone of 24 years of age, because most people your age have been completely brainwashed by the media and they don't understand what is happening there at all. Do people inside of European Parliament share your view on those things? No. Why not? Why not? It's very sensitive. We need to explain the fact. What I mean by this video is that there is a lot of people in the Ukraine, in Ukraine that they were oppressed. Like guys, inside schools, they were not allowed to talk Russia. And if you speak English and inside your school, I force you to speak Greek, is then that discrimination? Is there not a problem? So they were trying to, before they were oppressed, this type of people. I'm not saying that anyways is there any...  is justified, but let's also, we need to, and a lot of the comments in this video, it was like Zelensky was the president and they voted for him, Zelensky was the president because he was a Russian speaking person and everyone thought that he would have peace with Russia. That's why a lot of people voted and you can see elections in the past elections that the country is divided in votes. This Western part and the Russian part, they vote completely different, pro-Ukrainian pro-Russian. So we need to take the will of the people in account. Like we don't need to decide about them, we need to ask them. Let me ask you a question because most people don't know this and this is a Romanian issue and as a man who lives in Romania with Romanian children, I am tied to this country and I do care about Romanian issues, I really do. Ukraine hasn't learned its lesson because in the pro-Western part that you highlight it on the map, maybe you do not know this. There are some towns and villages and relatively small ones.  not quite cities, but some small towns and villages that speak the Romanian language. The people are ethnic Romanians who speak Romanian, who dress in a Romanian manner, and have their Romanian traditions. Has Ukraine learned its lesson because just recently, since the invasion started in the last year or so, the Zelinsky regime is cracking down on Romanians banning the Romanian language in their schools, banning Romanians from putting a Romanian-speaking people into the parliament, and banning their cultural traditions, banning their cultural dress, and forcing them to assimilate with the Ukrainian population. Do you think this is okay? Because Romanians were in the European Union, us, the Romanian country, and we have people tied to this country by blood and ethnicity over there in Ukraine, who are getting fucked by the pro-European regime. How pro-European? Why nobody's talking about this, European Union? And we don't hear examples on the resolutions that we vote about this, and we only hear about the stuff that we are interested in to prove to the world. I have a question. As a member of European parliament, have you ever...  had a chance to stop guns being sent to Ukraine? Yes, we are voting all the time. Every session we're voting, but everyone votes the majority. Like, when we have voting about the award in Ukraine is like, like, 500 people vote for and 200 people vote against. So it's like, by far the majority. So this crazy majority always pushing for war. Yes. Is that good for Europe? Because the idea of any government, the United States government, the Russian government, the South Korean government, every government in the world. I guess it's number one priority should be the safety, security and the prosperity of the people who live there. So if you are the European Parliament, I guess your priority, and we're going to move on to some other topics after this, should be the safety and security and the prosperity of Europeans. Is this good for Europeans to be bankrupting ourselves sending money to Ukraine? Yeah, I don't think it's also where we're making it completely always the solution is peace talks. Like, guys, like...  Life matters here. Like people are dying. We need to start peace talk now. But I'm curious because we are talking about the votes. We voted recently about abortion. Oh, interesting. What do you guys think? I voted for pro choice. So I'm curious to, pro choice means that it's for the woman to be allowed to have a abortion. But it's a very difficult debate and I was very overwhelmed by the discussion that we decided to vote. I'm curious to hear your question. You don't go first or should I, Andrew? You don't go first. So I understand that there are cases where abortion should be a course of action. In danger of the mother's health, rape victims, perhaps, things like this. I actually do understand this very well. What I'm against morally and as a Christian is abortion as a method of contraception. You know, people say, oh, what about our choice? You have the choice to have sex. You have the choice to have unprotected sex. Well, you know, I believe that from conception because a baby has its own unique DNA code.  Just as you me and he does, that is his own unique person. And I believe that they need protecting. Do I believe abortion should be completely illegal? No, I don't actually, and I'll get some pushback from my fellow Christians and right wingers in the United States for saying it shouldn't be illegal. But what we shouldn't do is trivialize the issue and pretend it's something. It's not we shouldn't call it healthcare. We shouldn't say that, oh, it's fine because the baby is not a person. We should with every abortion, I think no matter what your reasons for going in to it, there should be a half an hour video you need to watch about how it is a unique person with its own DNA code. But you should have testimonies of people who didn't have abortions and had the baby that grew up to be very happy. To educate the public that is not good to have an abortion. It should know that you are ending a human life and it should be treated very seriously. It's the pro-choice people like, I guess like me, because I guess I don't want it illegal, who I think at least are sensible. But many pro-choice people they think the issue is  Well, no, we can just have as many portions as you want. I think that's really evil. I think it's truly evil and I would if I was the king of a country and I could mandate the rules I Would have to vote pro choice and I'll tell you why let us know in the comments below that would you would I'll tell you why Because unfortunately people are liars and people are evil. They are a lot of people 10% 20% the world is not full of good people in an Ideal world you would say if you're raped or if there's medical issues with the baby or the mother Then you should have an abortion, but you can't have an abortion just because you want just because you didn't want the baby That would be ideal, but you can't do that. You know why? Imagine you're a smart man. Let's see if you can work it out Imagine you say to women well, you can only have an abortion if it was rape Do you not think false rape reports would go off? Oh my god Do you not think that women who had consensual sex with a man who they don't really care about was like oh, okay He raped me give me the abortion so unfortunately  You can't legislate for a perfect world because people are imperfect. So what we need to say is yes, this should be legal, but my daughters who I'm raising, because I am a father are going to know that this is also fucking murder, and it should be the least, the last resort for anybody to murder an unborn child. Well, what we're really talking about is a spiritual crisis, because the problem is to slip reach slope of legalizing it, which means people think you endorse it. I don't endorse it. I'm like, I agree. I'm pro-choice. I don't endorse it. I don't think it's a good thing. I don't think it should be seen as a standard form of contraception. I don't think it's something that women should be able to do willy-nilly. It's not something to be celebrated. It's actually a terrible last resort. However, when you say your pro-choice, people then take that as mandate to run around saying abortions are great. No, they're not. Not at all. But I would argue that society can't benefit from forcing women to have kids they don't want.  I mean, how can that child be raised well if the woman doesn't want the child? They did talk about, they did that in communist Romania and we had orphanages filled with children who spilled it onto the streets and made a mistake. You're gonna have orphanages, you're gonna have child abuse, you're gonna have a whole bunch of new problems. So I don't think forcing people to have children they don't want is the answer. So I am pro-choice, truthfully, and I know that's gonna upset a lot of people. However, the problem is, with the world, as soon as you say your pro-choice, then you have psychos who take that and start thinking abortions are to be celebrated in their standardized healthcare, especially in America where people have really lost their mind with or not. It's a choice but it's a negative, unhappy choice that some people should be able to make in the right circumstances. That's my personal view. I'm gonna ask you about the digital euro. This one's really interesting. Because my view is that, in fact, I won't tell you my view. You know what, I talk too much. Let's see, you're... No, don't talk too much. I'm surprised. He doesn't talk too much. Today, that's what's going to happen. We're gonna get new cakes after this. We're gonna watch this and you're gonna tell me why you think they want the digital euro. Let's see. My question is about digital euro. I ask...  I have a question in the previous meeting of this committee about digital euro. He got millions of views and tens of thousands of comments in my social media platforms. And it is clear that the people of Europe are very skeptical about digital euro. But they seem to favor ideas like cryptocurrencies and especially Bitcoin. My questions are, do you take into consideration what people think about digital euro and what's your opinion about cryptocurrencies? First of all, if you have contact with big opening to millions of people, I'm going to enlist you support so that we can have a better understanding of what Europeans and particularly young Europeans think. Because we believe in getting client feedback, in getting Europeans views in order to make sure that we frame the right product. When everything goes digital, why should central bank money continue to consist only of essentially bank notes? Our belief is that we should also have say  a digital banknote. That's essentially what we want to have. Something that is secure, that is safe, that is cheap, and that all Europeans everywhere in Europe can use, which gives quasi-privacy, not complete privacy because AML anti-money laundering has to continue to operate and because we continue to be accountable for financial stability. That's what a digital euro is, no more than that. Thank you. Do you present like that? The second question was about crypto currencies and you don't have any second question. She completely ignored my question about cryptocurrencies. Even though in the beginning she promised this. I look forward to your questions when I have the answer, when I know the answer, I promise I will give it to you. If I don't, I will admit that I don't, and I will come back to you when I've done my little research. Looks like she wasn't being honest, but I'm curious why you think she skipped it. Let me know in the comments. I will tell you why I think she skipped it.  Do you remember in your country when they stole everyone's money that was more than $100,000? 2013 guys in my country. That would be incredibly easy to do with the central bank digital currency, where they controlled all the tokens and so where everything went. I think that just like TikTok and a force that they can't control, I think she doesn't want to acknowledge things like Bitcoin because Bitcoin cannot be controlled. And I think that that's what scares them. Are you a fan of these digital currencies? Well, first of all, I need to say about this video a bit. I feel a bit bad because in a way, I'm manipulative at the conversation for people to like her or dislike her. I made a voice over. So if I recall, now I was just going to leave the facts and let the people decide not to do some voice over to say that she didn't like she lied or not. So I am improving. I want to spread love in the world and not try to spread it yet. But yeah, what is this is very interesting. I asked, I was in the room with the people that they did it. And I'm not sure if they understand what is this. Yeah.  honest because I ask very basic questions I ask Poadu podcast and I dig in and I'm keep asking and the people I'm not sure if they really understand that they're making I was also in the European Central Bank recently with Christine Lagart and another nine in peace it was five hours of them explaining us and all this stuff so I will explain you how I understood this is like because in in the United States they have all these master crafts and visa and all this stuff and they get all the money kind of these companies they don't want the money to go to other countries and all the stuff they want them to have control and have Europe but this is in a very way limited because they said in the beginning you are not going to be able to have more than 20,000 dollars in your bank so there is a lot of limitation and it's like my question really is like this will cost a couple of billions for the European citizens to they really want it is it like in Kabul this will be right in 10 years yeah that was like in 10 years we're going to have crypto  I don't see the stable coins. I don't know. So maybe it's a problem that I go solve that nobody wants to solve. The solution is already there. Let me ask two questions. The digital euro will give the bureaucrats that nobody trusts more power. True. I think so. The European central bank will have more power. Have you ever since you've been in European Parliament seen them pass any laws or resolutions that reduced their power? I don't know. So you're saying every day they discuss laws and resolutions and every single day they get more and more powerful because there's new laws and resolutions. It's an interesting thought. If every single day, if every single day, I like that without me saying, yeah, so no, he's not a thief. But I agree with you most of this time. If every single day they discuss new laws and resolutions and all of the equal more power on a long enough time frame, does it result in slavery for the population? I'm not sure if he's slavery, but less power.  or the public life. But if you gave me more control over your life every day, would you eventually become my slave? Eventually. It's an interesting thought. Eventually. I mean, like if I smoke a little bit of this cigarette every minute, will it eventually go to zero? If you give me a little bit more power over your life every single day, will you eventually become indistinguishable to a slave of mine? But okay. Let's, did you finish with your, your, your, your, effectively the point I was making the reason they want digital heroes because they're trying to control everybody's money because they're trying to enslave the population because Europe is trying to turn to a communist dictatorship. And they want to ensure that everybody is right. That's why we have them in their arms. That's why we have a big coin. Yes, because I was going to make two points on the topic of Bitcoin. One, doesn't that, are we not leaving, is, you're not leaving itself in the dust now that Russia, China and America are all interested in Bitcoin and getting some. And two, if Europe is such a strong, great economic powerhouse, like they talk about it being all the time, we've letting all these migrants so...  must be powerful now because everyone's working. Why not use a fair system like Bitcoin where you can use your economic power to buy Europe's share of Bitcoin. America has its, China has its, Russia has its. Would that not be a very fair system? Yeah, I'm probably going to decentralize it and give more power to the people. It's always good. I agree with this 100%. And this takes away the power from the people, probably, did you know? In your experience, since you've been in the European Parliament, to nation states or the European Parliament itself, you've used the judicial system to give people false charges to try and shut them up. How about you, about law? Or did you just ask a question actually that I wanted to ask you. And I didn't get to ask you guys. You probably learned so much about the law fair. Like you probably became expert in the last couple of years. If you're considering the nutshell, what you learned, like what they are doing in a way. I'll tell you. And also recently, you got this news. And the case is a result of something. Yeah. The result is never going to go to.  It's not it's not a case it can't go to trial. So law fair is exactly what we were describing earlier when we were discussing Influenza elections law fair is that everybody is guilty of everything all the time Everybody is permanently guilty of crimes and whether they decide to charge you or not simply depends on whether they like you or not Yeah, nobody is innocent under the law nobody understands the law Nobody has read the law you cannot sit there and say your law abiding in your innocent because you've never read it You don't even know what it means and it changes every single day Meaning every single person is guilty all of the time and the second you annoy them They pick you up and they find a reason to charge you nobody is safe from law fair In fact, we have an example from your country, which is actually a perfect time to play this. This is gonna be interesting I'm a member of the European Parliament and there is a big crisis happening right now in my country side Prus the supreme court just fired the auditor general or the siasmi Highly this who is very much for fighting against corruption The decision seems to be against the will of the people as thousands of citizens have taken the streets in protest And the recent polls show that 80% of the population  oppose him being fired. Like the people of my country, I'm also against this decision. And I have serious concerns that this was manipulated by corruption. As a member of the European Parliament, I have the power to request to the European Commission to start an investigation regarding possible bridges of rule of law in Cyprus. They must answer to me in three weeks if they will proceed with the investigation. And I will keep you updated. What happened with this? Oh, they answered me. They will do something in the future. In the next reporting one year, they will mention so they didn't do anything. They European, you know, but I will explain the situation in Cyprus, which is very interesting. So the auditor general is responsible to find tax fraud in Cyprus. So and he exposed so many people, this guy, the president, even and all the stuff, doing illegal stuff with them. And because he was touching the wrong people, they found like it was so funny.  They're probably similar to your case as well. I'm not sure. But they were accusing him. The result that he had a kind of he was a noisy character. He was making some problems where it shouldn't be. But this is his job to say that he did something and to get the result. So it's like they accused him of something that is nothing. And like the people were super mad again. He said, he's a side of corruption and side of the person. I believe. Maybe I'm wrong. You know, I'm not normally one for personal favors because I like to be an independent man. I don't like to ask for favors. And you're allowed to say no. But I'm going to ask you a favor here, sir. You don't mind. Romanian state and decal broke 111 pages of laws in their investigation against us. 111. 111 pages of laws. We have all of them. If you could request to the European Commission to investigate why they broke 111 pages of laws and have not faced any kind of repercussion. Now I'm.  The reason I ask for this is because if they stuck to the law, they have nothing to be afraid of. They can just show they didn't break the law. But the fact that the Romanian court themselves have already said they broke the law, I would really truthfully appreciate it as a political prisoner who's done nothing but try and do the same as you, which is promote free thinking and democracy. If you could ask Europe to ask Romania why they allowed us to go to jail and suffer at the hands of a corrupt justice system when they broke 111 pages of law. You don't have to, you've got more important things to do. But if it ever crosses your mind, I would genuinely appreciate seeing that reporter. Well, I will answer very honestly. Well, I don't mind doing this, but you know what's my problem with doing this? Because then I'm corrupt myself because there is so many cases of other people that need this. And if you ask me because we are here and you are right, you're right. That's an amazing point of putting it. So how many people do you think suffer at the hands of the justice system unfairly? Is there a huge problem in Europe? Not many.  Everyone can ask this, something some general questions about this. Because I would argue there's a huge problem. And also we can ask to another interesting thing, we have a lot of tools. Guys in the European Union is there's so many stuff you can, there is like a lot of people that work just to do research for the members of the European Parliament. So we can ask for a research of how many cases were similar to this, how many cases were similar to this, about this topic. So I will discuss it with my team and I will see if there is something that is not corruption. Because primarily it's people who are speaking freely and want to tell the truth about things which are suffering the hands of the justices. Or even their opinion, the justice system is being weaponized to shut people up. This is an interesting take talking made. Perhaps I'm one of the most qualified members of the European Parliament to talk about social media platforms. As myself, I'm a social media influencer by profession. I believe the Digital Service Act is a positive step forward, but I want to focus more on an important aspect of it. I strongly believe that digital service act is a positive step forward, but I want to focus more on an important aspect of it.  I strongly believe the way to fight hate speech and this information is definitely not censorship. Instead, I will propose that we encourage the platforms to create organic fact-checking systems to inform their users about the validity of the information they receive. A good example of this is community notes of Twitter, which allows its users to highlight information when they believe that it's factual incorrect. Now, in an era of artificial intelligence, more than ever, we need to focus on what is actually true. Not by censoring, but just by letting people know the facts and freely decide. Here, I'll take an example from America. America, I'm a mixed-race man, I'm a half-black man once, and once only America tried to ban a word. New York State tried to ban the word nigger, of course. My opinion on it as a half-black man is sure the word's offensive. However, let's let everyone who wants to say it.  say it and protect free speech. Because then we know who the racists are, and then we know who's retarded and who isn't. Do you think that shutting people up, say someone has a controversial opinion about something that happens in your country, or Romania, or Germany, or France? If someone has a controversial opinion, don't you think that shutting them up just buries the problem and no discourse happens? The summit is an example, like with COVID, and the Wuhan lab, everything was shut down. All these YouTube videos were shut down. And now is the primary, the scientist, among the scientists, this is probably the most likely scenario. So something that your information is my, means information or this information, your this information is my information, who get to judge. That's why we want a public debate and allow everything. And this is very, very important in the work that we are living now. But I want to ask you a question, guys. Since we are in politics, I want to hear, how do you go to do anything?  career in politics seems that we they influenced it and especially you guys you I was I was doing pranks in my videos. I was doing dumb things. I was a clown So but you guys are talking about important things I thought that you thought about doing something in politics. It's crossed our minds. Yes We have a long and interesting future ahead of us I think that we would be pretty good leaders because we're pretty rational and I like the idea of a world where people like us Are allowed to be in charge and have any semblance of power But I feel like the matrix is cracking in fact have you met Elon you've met Elon Musk. Yes Elon I think along with Chris Owens rumble these two guys have been instrumental in Changing because you cannot have responsibility without accountability and sunlight is the best disinfectant That's why what you're doing in the European Parliament is so important every time now they do something stupid They have to worry did he make a tick-tock and I think that that is extremely important because when you remove all Accountability people are simply just going to act in the most corrupt and evil ways and now that we have Twitter and now that people are starting to find  and understand these things, that's why this podcast is so important to understand. A member of European Parliament himself is saying the same things I've said. That democracy is not the way you think it is and it doesn't work the way you think it does. And people understanding these things is the first step. So, when everyone understands that and the matrix is fully broken, I love the idea of trying to help my fellow man in working in politics. And as it currently stands, I'm not prepared to sell my soul to the party, so I'm not prepared to send monies to Ukraine because I'm supposed to, so I don't think I'd ever be allowed to take power. Yeah, it would be something very small. It would be something in, say, eight years' time, I perhaps. The British system, my town, has two members of parliament, Luton North and Luton South. I, because I'm uncorruptible, because no amount of money an MP can make could possibly matter to me. I have my own money. I have my own banking. We make, I can't be in $12,000 or $13,000 a month. I think I have nothing. There we go. And there's nothing. An English member's a parliament between these man and English. An English member's a parliament make a lot less. So I would definitely like to do something like that to take.  care of my own town, invest my own money. Put my money where my mouth is and show I'm a truthful politician and that I can do something good at least for my hometown. If I do anything after that, I don't know, but I would one day probably aim for it. We have a lot of your TikToks, I'm gonna play a lot of them on another emergency meeting when you're not here because we're running out of time. But I have a question for you. If you were a genie and you had three wishes and you could click your fingers and fix three things in Europe, what would those three things be? You click your fingers and it's done. Fixed, bang! Fixed this! Boom! Europe is just mandated whatever law you say. The king of Europe for three wishes. Oh, maybe be careful what you wish for because there is a lot of consequence in the stuff that you wish for. I don't know. You're building an app for democracy or something. I would say freedom of speech is one of the most important things. You're getting speech. Thanks. That's a good one. I like things. I think I will change the way that the situations are functioning so people have actual power in the vote for their president or the someone campaigns on policies that they need to do for the general public or a member of the European...  as a loud tourant as the president of the European Union, kind of how it works. More power to the people and more power for the people they put in charge. And I will change, I will have actually the same language somehow. Anyway, you have an app that all translates with your voice in different language because one problem that you have is like misunderstanding between the countries. You cannot see the problems of one country who cannot relate because we don't speak the same language. And what European Union is. Anyway, it's an illusion that the European Union with our minds doesn't exist. We cannot punch European Union. So in our minds, it's about people believing it. So people to believe it, they need to communicate and have some shared values about this stuff. So I will, these are the three changes that I will make. What would you do if the parliament says you have to stop posting on TikTok? Well, I will make a TikTok about it. Yeah. Do you think this day will ever come?  Well, I don't know. And I was going to ask you guys as well. Because now Elon Musk is reposting my stuff, which is extremely important. Like they get 40, 50 million views when he promotes 34 times a week, whatever. And it's the first time that I start asking myself about doing it security. And it's like, you guys seem to work with a hundred security people everywhere and you take this extremely serious. So many Kha'ai miras in your house. And I don't know. I might say that. But you get three lives. Before they try and hurt you, they're going to try and lock you up. So just prepare for a criminal case. They'll cancel you, then they'll try and lock you up. And then they'll try. So you'll know it's coming. I don't think I did a lot of that. Has anyone in European Parliament complained about your TikToks yet? Yes, there is a lot of people that they're sending things to European parliament. These guys make fun of the thing, the institutions, you need to close this everything.  There's a lot of complaints that they're trying to shut you down. But you know among the people I am Like among the members I think the people Take pictures with me in the corridors. They are asking me questions because it's something new It's something refreshing breath of fresh air that they are not used to these things and they are curious to understand By the way, there is good people of course you we made the European Union like look very bad But like no there is good things as well. These people are trying their best. They're Having you the second member of the European Parliament to sit here on the emergency meeting Yeah, our friend Tieri from the Netherlands is number one. We know there are some very good people in the European people You have to understand that a person can be good, but people can be bad and systems can be bad Well the people in the marguerite and what we're trying to do is just highlight this so they understand It's not just simply a matter of everyone being evil So a matter of different influences and different forces pushing in different directions of very large bureaucracy Which is difficult to understand a lack of public interest all of these things And I believe that public interest is actually one of the most important things to reform and change  You're doing a wonderful thing. You're doing a fantastic job and we're super glad you came on this podcast and you have so many interesting TikToks that we want to talk about. In fact, we have one here, one more I'm gonna... And then I want to ask you a question about Brian Johnson. Oh, absolutely. That's true. Let's do it. So we have one more. This one is... Do I play this one about Ursula? This is interesting. This is interesting because I don't think a lot of people at home understand this. Let's play this one. There is a new president of the European Council. One of the most powerful institutions of the European Union. This position is not elected directly by the citizens of Europe. Instead, the president of the European Council is chosen behind closed doors by the 27 heads of states of EU countries. This means no public debating, no campaign and no voting by the people. The president of the European Council has a lot of power. But ordinary Europeans have zero say in who gets this role. The decision is made in private meeting.  between national leaders, living the public completely out of the process, which I think is completely undemocratic. For the next five years, the person that have been chosen for this role is Antonio Costa, but what he will actually do. Well, his main job is to chair meetings of the European Council with the 27 heads of states of the EU. In these meetings, big decisions for EU future are made. Like how to handle global crises, the economy, all tackle climate change. Antonio Costa will set the agenda of these meetings, giving him a huge influence over Europe's priorities. The European Union is a big advocate for democracy, but its most important positions are not very democratically elected. Why do you think this is happening? Let me know in the comments below. Well, it's fun here.  Actually, this guy, in my comment section, when I uploaded this video, it's like Porto Giaz guy. And they said he was a prime minister. They get rid of him. And he was the most horrible prime minister that we had in Portugal. And then, to put him to find him in position, because I don't know how much power he has or some what he, they just put him in favor that he was one of the worst prime ministers in Portugal. They put him responsible for to set up the agenda of the European Union leaders, what they are going to talk about, the presidents of the European Union. So the problem is that it's not only that it's anti-democratic. Like this is not transparent method. We don't know why they chose him. We don't know who chose them. We don't know, they did campaign, Ursula von der Lijen and the other leaders just put them there. So that's the, that's we need more. And we are the biggest advocate for democracy. And it's so hypocritical that all our positions called the matrix, sir. This is the point we push.  democracy, democracy, democracy, and we're absolutely hypocritical because it's called the Matrix. As you said, some hated member of parliament in Portugal can all of a sudden become one of the most important people in Europe, even if he's a bad person and nobody has ever voted for him ever. It is the Matrix. This is the exact point that you have to go along with these agendas and you cannot go against something as important as a Ukraine war, otherwise you're ousted from the system. I'm not sure if you're familiar with George Carlin, but he said, it's a big club. And you ain't in it. And you ain't in it. And you're probably one of the first people ever who's joined that club and is showing people how that club works. And you're doing extremely important work because only transparency will ever build any kind of semblance of accountability and truthfully. And trust as well. And trust. And you know what's interesting. Members of the parliament of Europe should not be afraid of your TikToks. Why would they? All you're doing is talking about their jobs that they're supposed to be doing competently. The second anybody complains about your TikToks, they probably have a lot to hide. So it's very, very interesting to work your doing. I think it's absolutely fantastic. And we wish you the absolute best.  in your political career, in the future, maybe you'll be the next Ursula one day in 10, 15 years' time. Stop us, Kate. Will you investigate Romania if you become the new Ursula? Ah. But where? Okay. No, no, no, no, you're putting it. When it to our unsaid of the question, what is the beef with Brian Johnson, man? Oh, no, no, no. Okay, let's enter it. There's no beef with Brian Johnson. The point I was trying to make is, Brian Johnson talks about how he's gonna live forever and all of these people who are super health nuts talk about their biological age as opposed to their actual age. They say, I'm 45 years old, but my biological age says, I'm 25 because I've done all these markers and I've done all these tests and the amount of X in my blood or whatever it is when they take all their pills. That's a lie. And the reason I know that's a lie, I compared it to fighting because I'm a fighter. And I think that fighting is the ultimate form of male competition, but we can compare it to sports in general. When one of these 60-year-olds, who has a 25-year-old biological age, starts beating 25-year-olds in sports and Olympics, then I'll believe you. I'll believe you're 25 then. But if you're 60 and you're saying you have a 25-year-old biological age, you cannot outcompete.  a 25 year old at anything, you're still 60. And it doesn't matter what test you're doing, because that's all garbage. I don't believe that people are actually younger than their age. I believe that time is the fire in which we all burn. I believe it's cope. And I think people saying, oh, I'm 50, but I'm actually 30, because I'm taking a bunch of pills. It's just a weird obsession and a waste of time. That's all. Well, I love it, guys. He's very good. I hope you like, didn't say he's not cool. I hope he lives forever. And I didn't say he's not interesting. I hope he lives forever. I'm saying he's not 25. I hope he lives forever. But no matter what test he does, he ain't 25. And the best way to see that is to get into the cage, because none of these people ever managed to compete past professional fighting ages, no matter how much they take. And professional fighters, which are also some of the most healthy people in the world, doing a lot of the same treatments, don't get to compete past professional fighting age. And age comes, you're too old, times up. Yeah. And you're doing a set up question. You can technically become the president of the United States. All right. Yes. And also.  Don't shoot him. He's not playing and also the prime minister of the UK. Yeah, so it'll be a busy 60s I'll do the UK first I'll fix it and then I'll do America I'll get them both wrapped up and then afterwards perhaps if I do a good enough job They'll give me the get we could become president They'll give me some shadow job in the European Union before you know I'll be sitting there with you making tiktok so that'd be a fantastic ending for life We'll see hopefully we can clean up the mess brother. Thank you so much for coming on We know it's been brave for you to come here. Yeah, it's been super inspiring I'm gonna watch all of your tiktok's I always do and please keep educating the people at home Please keep showing the people at home how these things work because it is the transparency Which is gonna build the accountability which is gonna build the responsibility? I truly think you're one of the most important people in Europe today I'd argue you're more important than Ursula herself truthfully. We love you guys