 It is episode number 82 and me and chip are joined by an essential Andrew Tane how are you? I'm doing pretty good But both of you have vodka in your glasses, and I'm kind of jealous. Well, it's it's right there right in front of you I'm watching today you have to pour it yourself. You know, there's no one else to do it for you But yeah vodka and Red Bull straight 10 a.m. Yeah, this is Your my guest Andrew come on the show you're our guest at the poor Mounder. I'm gonna throw my life Straight vodka. Oh, this time You're advising us on our own show. I know it's just a start my friend. I'm gonna ask you I think everybody wants to know so how does a date in the life of Andrew look? 9 a.m. a.m. 7 a.m. What time you up? It's a good question. It varies, but I think I get up quite early I wake up early, but not on purpose. I struggle to sleep in general. I struggle to sleep because The world is open for conquest yep, and I am full of anger Oh, and and when I say full of anger, I don't mean that in a negative way right people think of anger  in a negative light. I don't see anger as a negative thing. I think anger is extremely motivating. So even though I have absolutely everything I've ever wanted in my life is fantastic. I would describe myself as angry a lot of the time. Not in a negative unhappy way, in a very excited positive way. So if I wake up to go piss at 5.44 AM, then I'm up now. I just stop. I'm up now. I'm up now. No way. How many super cars do I have? 27, it's a joke. Pathetic. Should be at least 100. I'm out. Could you say 100 super cars is where you say, all right, now this is the point in which. There is no point, my friend. That's what you don't understand. There is no point. It never ends. There is no top of the mountain. When you get to the top of the mountain, there's another mountain that must be climbed. There's no such thing as a point. I mean, maybe if you're a brokeie, there's a point where you can get to in your life where you feel some kind of contentment. Like I'm a brokeie. I'm now a little bit less than a brokeie. I'm happy. That's not what I'm doing. Yeah, I brokeie and wagie. Are those the same at the moment? Was it because I see two more? No, you can be a brokeie. You without being a wagie. Yeah. Well, yeah, because.  I just have no job at all. That's right. Or you can have a business that ain't making any money, right? So yeah, I'm extremely motivated. I'm motivated by anger and I don't say that in a negative light. I want people to understand. I'm an extremely happy person, but I'm happy and angry. So for that reason is usually the second I'm half awake, like if I'm sleeping and one of the bitches either way, like bumps me, you know, you know those things. You're sleeping between the two chicks. Of course. And it's too hot because the cover and they're all like trying to hug you and shit, you know what I mean? When you're on the 165th floor, 100%. And you've got that. And you feel like you're a man that's on the 160 fifth floor. I don't understand you don't mean. I don't know what this means. No, this isn't me, my friend. It's 165th floor. So it's a second place for people like myself and you, you know, the tallest building in the world is 164 floors. What one floor above that? Yeah, like that. Yeah, nobody else is there. It's a place to, you know, all right. I live on the 160th floor. There's a separate elevator. Welcome to the 160th floor. Yeah, friend. No, absolutely. So on the 160th floor, bitch here, bitch here. One of them bumps me.  Half awake, oh now I'm furious. I check my phone, 10,000 notifications, million dollars, need to piss, go piss, now I'm awake, you know, and now you're awake and you have to attack life. So I'm usually not pretty early. What's a worst way to start your morning? Breakfast. Yes. What like, I'm actually waiting for you. I'm having to eat it or like just the idea of breakfast. I think that breakfast is the worst thing that's ever happened to humanity. Ever. It's terrible. You're gonna wake up and just eat a bunch of food. You haven't had to do any work, you haven't had to hunt for that food, kill that food, you haven't made any money, you've done nothing of conquest, nothing conquest orientated since you've woken up and you're just sitting there and stuff your face. So you have to urge your meals. I think so, I think it's undeserved. I think when people wake up and the first thing you do is put food in their mouths, I think it's a bad mental model to approach today with. I think you should wake up, you should stay hungry. You should stay hungry for a long time. Why not? We ain't gonna die. You can go weeks without food. You should wake up and you should stay hungry for hours and hours and hours. Until you've made some money or done something of no or been...  the gym or progressed in some ways. You think I deserve you deserve this. That's my alarm. To break the time. You know, you know, I'm like this time. That's a serial alarm. Because slackers like me were meant to wake up for an 11 a.m. podcast. We get a text saying 100 takes a rather than one hour early. Bro, I've been up since I've been up since 5 30 this morning. 5 3. I mean, I went to bed. I went to bed at two. I struggled asleep. I really struggled asleep. It's actually amazing to me and I'll say this because I think the number one thing that plagues humanity nowadays, especially amongst young men is laziness. A lot of people come to me and say, how do I become successful? And I say, you're lazy. And they say, I'm not lazy. You are fucking lazy. Everybody is monumentally lazy. Nobody understands what genuine work ethic and ethos is. And for me, it's hard to understand because I struggle to not work. I struggle to sleep. I struggle to relax. I can't sit and watch Netflix. I can't sit and play video games. I can't do the dumb shit everyone does. All I can do is conquer earth. I can't even turn my brain off long enough to become unconscious. So it's very difficult for me to understand people who sit and go, yeah, I want to be successful.  I can't find the motivation. Do you not at points think it would be nice to just chill out for a day? What would be nice about that? Just the fact that you don't, you could just do nothing for a day. Does that not seem appealing to you at any level? No. What's appealing about doing that? When was the last time you took a day off? Well, I'll take a day off, but I'll certainly not do nothing. Maybe I'll take a day off and I'll go driving a supercar through the mountains or something. But that's true. But it's still very active. It's still very like, oh shit, we're about to die three hours an hour. It's not active. There's no sit. Oh, I just want to do nothing. If I am ever in those kind of scenarios that I'm glued to my phone and I'm making money, I can't imagine sitting and being happy doing nothing. I can't find solace in that. It's not what I want. I like a calm, I apologize. I like a stormy ocean. I don't want calm. I like big waves and chaos. Shit going on. Shit happening. I want a chaotic life. I want four businesses and eight girlfriends, my phone ringing and problems and stress and  this chick's crying and that chick found about the other chick and I need all this chaos because that's where I find enjoyment. Right, with the girlfriends, you say, you have A or however many at the time, how many do you have right now? Can we get a rough figure? I don't know, I should be saying this. I'm a man of God. Ah, free speech, you say what you want. All right, I'm a man of God. So one, of course. Of course. Yeah. I do they know about, do they know the situation? Let me ask you a question. Do you have a girlfriend? Yes. Are you loyal to your girlfriend? Yes. Do you want to be? Yes. Why? Because I enjoy, I like coming home, I see a family. That's the main thing for me. I want kids, I want to raise kids. Is this, is this it? And I see this. No, it's all said. No, I understand it. I understand. Kernel, I'm listening. No, yeah, yeah. And I feel like the best way to have that.  family is by being loyal to one person. Okay. If you could have a woman at home who loved you and adored you and was loyal to you and wanting to have a family with you, but you could also have one other check on the side without problems, would you do it? Without a problem. If you're honest to your true biological instinct and you forget the social societal program, what would you do it? What would you do it? Because I think every single man alive, if they were truly honest to their biological programming would say, I want more than one female. I may not want the headache. I may not want to lose my current female, but if I could keep my current one, and she'd be loyal to me and she understood, and we had a family and everything was cool. And I had this bitch, then I'd do it. I think every single man who's honest with themselves would do it. So what's stopping a woman from having that same idea as you? Buckle up. Do you have a seat belt? Yeah, put it on. Yeah, it's on. Put it on. I'm fast. And she let me take off my jacket. This one. Firstly, for any female who's listening to this podcast, I apologize to you in advance. I apologize to you for the horrible thing.  That's just been said because even the idea and the notion that female should be sleeping more than one man at a time is disgusting So the fact so the fact that he is trying to pollute the minds of the youth and I'm sitting here on the same panel Absolutely disgusting. You're degrading society. Please don't say those things ever against It's a rob it's outrageous and the reason why a female can't do those things is actually threefold the first reason is she doesn't want to Any female who's actually a good woman who's not been completely corrupted and destroyed by society doesn't want to be sleeping a lot of men They don't want to why would they want to right any woman who says I want to see below the dudes is broken and she's broken on a fundamental level Stay far away the second reason is paternity you have to look at humanity from Two aspects you can look at us from a societal perspective in regards to the society We've built in the rules we've taught each other and we can also look at us from an animalistic perspective What we are and what we've evolved as the only way you know that baby is yours pre science is was virginity originally But basically the fact you're gonna want fucking her how was she how was she  and show paternity. The difference between a man, having a bunch of chicks, and a chick having a bunch of men is, if the chick gets pregnant, no one's gonna even know who the fucking dad is. It's weird. It's weird. If I'm fucking five chicks, we all know who the dad is. Big daddy takes the dad. Fine. We know who the mom is, we know who the dad is. Now we can have a big happy family. But if you got one chick, get fucked by five dudes, nobody even knows who the dad is. And just because modern science can fix that problem, doesn't mean it's not wrong. Right? I used to run. I used to run. I used to run. I used to run. Did she? Yeah. Well, nobody could figure out who the dad was. So what I mean is just disgusting. It's horrible. And the last thing is, any female who comes along and starts saying, well, if you can do that, I can do that. She has a very warped view of society, because she doesn't understand the fundamental differences between men and women. And a lot of women do this when it suits them. They try and pretend that men and women are not the same. Sorry. I misspoke. A lot of women try and pretend that men and women are the same. When it suits them, they'll sit there and go, no, well, if you can do it, I can do it. But that's not.  how the world works, right? If someone breaks into the house, the man has to go defend the woman. Like, we have gender roles, we have a different view of society, we act differently. Men do certain things, women do certain things. That's the way society functions, it's always functioned. The modern world's trying to convince us that's not true. Females will pretend it's not true until it doesn't suit them. Oh, if you get to sleep with a bunch of people, I get to sleep with a bunch of people till the Titanic sinking, then she's a chick, right? Until there's a war, then she's a chick. Oh, I'm just a girl, you go fight. It's bollocks. It's bollocks. I understand that. I get that, but I'm... Yeah, it's not a joke. And since the dawn of human time, every single king, every single Sultan, every single Emperor, every single one of them had more than one chick. All of them. That's all they did. Because once you get to a certain level of status as a man, there's one of the things you get to enjoy at the spoils of war, and the spoils of war are usually females. And so why, what's the reason right now, me and Kyle, we only have one female. Because you've decided... We've not hit that level yet. We've decided to be constrained.  you've decided to be constrained by societal rules, and you've also decided to be constrained by the emotion of the female you're with. That's not necessarily a bad thing. You sat there and said, I don't wanna upset the girl I'm with. Yeah. So I'm gonna allow her to control what I do with my dick. That's fine. But if you're a man like me, you don't allow those kind of things. You don't allow female emotion to control you. You are limiting, and I'll be serious with you guys now, right? And I'm not looking down on you. I'm just making it clear to the decision you made. You are limiting your own bloodline, purely because a female will get upset. With your money and influence, you could have 15 sons. You could have an empire. You could be Genghis Khan, but you won't. Because you won't, I don't know if I won 15 people. Text him me. Well, this is what I mean. Yeah, that's chaos. Well, I love chaos. But the problem is you won't do it. The main and primary reason you won't do that is because you don't want the chick you're with to get upset. So you're allowing the female who you're with and her and her tears to control and limit your own biological bloodline. If you were truly about it, like Genghis Khan, you'd be like, fuck you. How do we break it? How do we break it? Big boss, I'm a G Spotify deal. Look at me.  I can't be strong. But this is it, right? So it's all down to how much value you wanna put on the emotion of others and whether you're gonna allow that to influence your behavior and your thinking. And I'm not saying you have to be a complete psychopath or a sociopath, right? If you have a chicken you lover, you don't want to cry. I have women I love, I don't want them to cry either. But still there's a point where it goes, look, I don't want you to cry. I'm gonna take care of you. I love you very much. We'll go to the moldeeves, but I'm the big G and I'll be back later. So do this. Would you ever see yourself with one person at some point in your life? Or like having that, yeah, one person, whether that be the, would you see yourself having kids with different women or just one? God has a plan and I follow the divine inspiration which comes from the Lord above. If he wants me to have 10 sons with 10 different big booties and that's his plan, what can I do? I'm just a vessel of the Lord. I am here to enact his will. My point is not necessarily about even just having kids. My point is that the man is totally honest with his bio.  Logical programming he doesn't just want one woman. He wants a woman to be loyalty men We absolutely value female loyalty. We need women to be loyal to us We can't stand to the idea of a female cheating But what we do is in modern society what most men do if they're honest with themselves I know there's gonna be a bunch of hate a bunch of idiots a bunch of chicks say any this is a misogyny As much of girls who are already DM to me trying to pretend they don't want me a bunch of a bunch of dudes going I love my chicks so much like shut up So the truth is this if a man is completely honest with himself the reason he the reason he complies with a lot of the Society of expectations is not because he wants to because he doesn't want his woman to cheat If I don't cheat she won't cheat He has no problem cheating. He just doesn't want her to cheat You understand yeah, and there and there does get to there does get a level in life that you do reached There is an echelon of success you reach where the whole idea of exclusivity start out the window If a chick meets Chris Brown in the club. Do you think she's like wow he'll be loyal  That's fuck no. She doesn't care. She doesn't give a shit. She's like, give me a baby, please. She doesn't give a fuck. So women also, if you get to a certain status, they will perceive you as an individual which they can't tame. And they will not be talking about loyalty the same way they'll talk to other men about loyalty. And a lot of that is once again, down to who you are as a person, et cetera. If I get with a woman, she's gonna be with me and she's gonna love me with all her heart and she's like, look, I know you're doing whatever you do. Just please don't let me find out. She's stupid. She ain't dumb. So what I do is I respect. I come on a podcast, tell everybody. So the most women that you meet now, do they know that you're and your tape, the man that you are now, do they know about the fame that you've just recently acquired? Because it's actually cool. My fame is recent, right? I've been underground for a long time. You get your mouth out of my pocket, I'm gonna run my friend. It's not gonna be a big hit in your market recently. That's for sure. You've come in and you've got all the youth now that are on your side, pass your tape, cobertate, terrific tape. Terrific tape. I've got all of my own tape tits. I can't at this point. Do it, bro. No, so you've hit this new market. Do all of them women.  that you meet at the moment. Know about this. Yes. Yeah. All the bad, everything in it. All the bad, all the bad, everybody talks. You're a cheater. Listen to me, the TikTok. I'm like, no baby, no. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean. It's just TikTok, baby. Don't get upset over TikTok. Come here. This is your baby. What's this? I found in your room. Oh, that's just TikTok, baby. I was watching, I was watching panties. I was watching your house toilet today. Yeah. It's a nice hat. You know what, you know what, threw me off a little bit. Red like on the inside not the class it what was right look at looks like you made your pool look like a fucking car Like the way is read on the inside like I never I've never seen that before I wanted purple And then my brother wanted red and then we flipped a coin and he won't so now it's red blues boring, right? You blew it blew is blue is a bit done and and you know we have Six or seven houses in Romania. Yeah, they're all different colors But you guys live at this mid the one that I watched with the red pool is that I made a that's the main that's the main man Yeah, yeah, why do you can I as why do you choose to live there?  In Romania? Yeah, I know you have like businesses and things going on there, but but why there? Because Western society is degraded and Western society is more corrupt. How do I say this in a way that it's not going to get a take it off Spotify? All right. Okay. Spotify. We had a woman get a tits. Yeah, she got it. Yeah, Spotify. Spotify went for us. Oh, gangster. All right, then put your seatbelt back on. No, but I think the Western, I think the Western world, there's something that I very, that very much angers me about the Western world. I don't feel comfortable here. I don't like the way it functions and operates. I think it's the most corrupt disgusting degraded societies on earth. There's nothing left besides money and corporate agenda. And I like living in countries where one, there's some kind of moral fiber beyond the dollar. And two, I like living in countries where corruption is accessible for everybody. So in Romania where I happen to live is the most Christian country on earth. There's churches everywhere. People see a higher power beyond simply just money and government. They believe in God.  This is another reason I like spending time in Dubai. This is a matter of its allar, or God, or whatever you want to call him. I like that. And also, I like Eastern Europe as a whole because corruption is far more accessible. I find it offensive that a police officer in England will stop me for speeding and then refuse to take a bribe and pretend that... No, no, no, I'll tell you why. Because he'll sit there and go, no, this is the law, law and order. And pretend that the law means something and fuck me over. But if you're a billionaire or if you're Boris Johnson, you can go to Epstein's Island, you can fucking throw parties during COVID. You can do whatever the fuck you want, right? So the whole idea of law and order is a lie. The whole idea of its bullshit is just about if you're high enough, you can throw it all away. I'd rather be in a society where if I'm in Prague and they stop me for speeding and they say, bro, you're speeding. You know, here's 50 bucks. All right, cool, cool. Bye, bye. If corruption exists, which it does, let us all play. Why do we want me to get to play and I don't get to play? So you live in England and they're going to come around and spout law and order it. You all day long, but the elites, they ignore all law and order. It's always been bullshit. It's always been lies. So they're going to sit here and lock you in your house or force you to wear a mask while they get to do whatever the fuck they...  And I don't like being anyone's peon or anyone's sheep. So I like living in a society where my money and my influence and my power means I'm not below or be holding to any of these bullshit laws because laws are laws and the whole idea of law, the whole idea of justice, the whole idea of fair. Are you going to start now? All of it. All of it. All of it is a fucking lie. I don't think most people living in society now actually understand that every single thing, every single institution which is designed to protect you is corrupt. All of them. They're all corrupt and they're all evil. Once last time the police prevented anyone getting hurt. They might come afterwards and might take a crime report maybe, but they care about making sure your mask is on. They care about fucking making sure you don't drive too fast. They won't do anything else about the knife crime in London. No, sir. They're too busy. Fucking around with dumb shit. All of these organizations designed to protect you or just corrupt and they're out to just keep you a slave inside of the matrix. All of it. And I don't like living in a country where those institutions are strong enough to have a genuine impact on my life. I don't like that. So you feel more freedom out in Romania than you do in any of this.  I feel more freedom in a lot of countries. If you live in a country and it's not even just Romania, right? Thailand. You live in Thailand. As long as you don't hurt anybody, nobody gives a fuck. Nobody gives a shit what you say. Nobody just shit what you really do. Nobody cares. In England, they'll watch your social media, they'll watch where you go, they'll make sure your tax is paid. All this bullshit, they're on top of everything, right? And they're doing it all and what do they offer you in return? They can't offer you your safety. You're not even safe anymore. Like if you're gonna live in a police state, I spent a lot of time in Dubai. It's a police state, I love Dubai. If the government are gonna watch everything I do and offer me safety to wear a million dollar watch to walk down the street in the middle of the night, I'll take that. London can't give me that. No sir, they can't give me nothing. So what are they offering in return? They're offering absolutely nothing in return. They're just trying to keep you all slaves, peons inside of a system. The system is designed to oppress. It's deliberately designed to oppress from the bottom up. A lot of people don't seem to understand if you're living a semi normal life, you are living inside of a system which is designed to destroy you. The educational system designed to destroy you. The financial system.  to sign, to destroy you all of it. Even from the very first second you go to school, that is the beginning of the indoctrination, which is designed to keep you a slave inside of the system, pay in tax until you die. So to the average person, what would you say to the average person right now? Let's say they're watching it, they're working there nine to five. And they've listened to what you said and they go fuck. Like, yeah, I resonate with that. I hear what you're saying, but they go, well, what the fuck else am I supposed to do? Like, this is legit, yeah. This is legit. What's the first step? Breaking free. Yeah, that's it. No, no, no, no, no. How do you, how do you, but yeah? It's a good question. The first thing you need to do is identify it, because when I say this, a lot of people try and pretend it isn't true. If you watch the movie, the Matrix, I really think it's like a prophecy to some degree, the latest ones stink so much. I like, I haven't even watched it. I don't ruin it. Like they ruin everything else. Yeah. But if you watch the first one, he says it, the people who are dependent on the system would fight and defend the system. So if you're, if you're still dependent, if you still believe in these things, you're never in a break free. It's actually a miracle if you think about it. It's a miracle that less.  look at the educational system, that the educational system functions. They have convinced people to spend 50, 60, 70, 100,000 pounds to go to university, get in debt, to learn business from a dude who's never had a business with no money. What the fuck are you doing? Have you lost your mind? It's bullshit and everyone knows it's bullshit and they've done it because they've managed to get the educational system to operate inside of a vacuum. They've managed to link the loan with the educational system so it's a vacuum and it can't be compared fairly to any other service. So if you look at a candy bar, that candy bar has to be competitive on price because you can buy any candy bar. But when it comes to education, you can only access the money if you go to university. You can't compare that money if you were to invest it in cryptocurrency or start your own business or invest it in some kind of particular training for some particular trade or whatever, right? You can only go university with that money, which devalues the money and devalues the education. If you were to take 50 grand, if you're to get everybody 50 grand and say you can do whatever you want with this 50 grand.  and you can buy Bitcoin, for example. No one's going to do it. Yeah, yeah, who's gonna choose uni? They can't compete. They can't compete in an open marketplace, right? So the operating side of a vacuum, and they convince people to go to these schools, they get you in debt early, because that's what they want. Now you have to get a job, you have to get a nine to five, you have to keep paying it off. So the first thing you need to do is you understand that the whole system's rigged, and you've been fucked from the beginning, it's the first thing. And the second thing, that's a tough one to swallow. No, it is, it is, but it is, but it's not really. I get it, I get what you say. It's true, right? And even things as simple, look, I'll go far deep down the rabbit hole, right? Because I got a few requests to do podcasts with some big millionaire property guys. Yeah, I'm not a property guy, I don't like property. And they said, why are you not big on property? It's the easiest way to build wealth and, well, well, this shit. And I said, listen, you still believe, you're still inside the matrix when you're in a house, because you believe in ownership. I don't believe in house ownership, because I don't believe you own anything. I was gonna ask you about that. I'm currently applying for a mortgage. Correct. What are your thoughts on mortgages? Would you say I'm part of the system?  Am I trapped in? You're completely trapped. And with a mortgage is even worse, but let's assume you could buy the house cash, right? You buy the house cash. You now own a house. You have a piece of paper that says you own a house. I've ever pissed, I guarantee. If you piss the government off, you will not own the house anymore. If they decide we need another lockdown and you go out of your house during lockdown and you get a fine hundred pounds and you don't pay it because you think that you're a sovereign individual and you're a full grown man who should be allowed to go outside when you want because you're a free individual, right? You refuse to pay that. They put it up to 300 pounds, you don't pay it. They get a bay lift, bay lift company adds two grand, you don't pay it. So now you owe five grand, whatever, you still don't pay. As long as you ignore that fine, sooner or later they're not a comment. What are they going to take from you? My home. Your house. So you don't own it. They tell you you own it and you'll sit there and you'll tell everyone else you own it. But the second you annoy the government, a judge will stamp a different piece of paper and now you don't own it anymore. Do you understand what I'm saying? So the whole thing is.  an illusion. The idea of property ownership is an illusion. The idea of land ownership is an illusion. The idea of business ownership is an illusion. It's all an illusion. And they fool everyone because it keeps you inside the matrix working your ass off, right? If I want to buy mortgage, it's paid off in 19 years. I'm going to be rich. No, you're fucking not. One and two, now you have to comply with laws. You have a mortgage to pay. You have a job. You need to make sure that bills are paid. You don't want to lose to house. You have a family. You have to sit there. And when they say put a mask on, even though you know it's bullshit, you have to do it. It's part of the system they use to enslave. So when you look at the world, the way I look at it, even things all the way down to property ownership or a scam, all of these things are a scam because you don't actually truly own anything. And then what you try and do is you try and build a life like I have where you're actually beyond the influence of governments and it's fucking hard. The laws of scam, they just decide as they go, they fucking make it up. It's all bullshit. A judge will stamp any piece of paper that tell them to fucking stamp. It doesn't mean anything. I feel like I'm going to go away from this podcast today. I fucking  Bro, where's got the old picture? Bro, this is a rose cap. He's smell over too, right now. He's trying sending. He's opening. But it's true. Because they use this idea of law and judges and courts to try and legitimize their fucking thievery. And they sit here and they go, oh, but a judge decided, do you feel happier of a judge decides to take your house? Who gives a fuck? You still lose your house? Who's this judge? Some jackass? When did he decide? Who gives a shit? Who was whispered in his ear and said, you know what, this guy, I listen to his podcast. He's misogynist, fuck him. How do we get around this stuff? How do you know? How do we get around this stuff? Well, that's what we get around this stuff. He's, you're saying it's different. You're trying to live the life where you do avoid it. It's very doable. And the reason I'm saying all this, to answer your original question, because I'm a professional and I've not forgotten. This is for the guy. I'm a professional. The guy, for the guy in the 9-5 who's trying to escape, you're not going to escape if you don't understand the landscape, right? You can't win the chess game unless you understand the chess board. So first, you have to truly understand the world you're living in. Because a lot of people inside the 9-5 don't realize how fucked they are. You have to actually truly understand it.  So I have for a long time been building a life that has been aimed towards sovereignty I have also a network called the War Room, which is aimed towards sovereignty We can talk about a little bit later But the idea of living off grid nowadays is isn't real you can't you can't be up to the woods with a tent That's bullshit. You can't live that way, right? And it's also a pretty shit way to live by the way It's a pretty shit way to live Yeah, the only way you can truly put yourself beyond governmental controls is to be honest many grids as possible So what will happen is when you speak to truly elite people is they'll have 10 passports 10 different countries. Yeah, they'll have yeah, they'll have shell companies So they'll own nothing themselves. I don't own anything There's a company in the Caribbean islands that owns a boat that I can use because I'm a shareholder in Xcom It's very kind of them to lend you that Do you reckon they lend it out to any other people as well? We'll put in a request I mean I mean I'm sure if you see this it's all kind to clear myself a chip tape now  When I bring up the adoption papers, I expect you to sign them a dot. Bro, I'm ready to get them out right now. Let's go. Why do I feel that by actually wants to put an adoption papers in? I'm doing a sign there. I swear to be so. I'm building an army. But my point is that the elites of the world, once you stop thinking of the world and money, which rich people do quite quickly, like I'm not even that rich. Thank you. I don't know. 100 million. Is that rich? I saw something saying that you were, what was it? We spoke about it last night. Have you heard about this on TikTok? Deca Millionaire. That's a millionaire. That's a man. That's a Deca. I don't even sure, but that's a 10. Right? Deca. Where are we at? Are we in the 103 and the tens? I'd say around 100 million dollars. Yeah. What a senti millionaire or something. Yeah. It's a good one for you. I like that. I agree. So you say you're around 100 million. So we've yet to reach out billionaires. When do you reckon we're going to get to that? Me or you? No. You. Let's see. Let's see my son now. I agree.  I fucking way but it's like the wrong time. Listen, listen, I love my father. You know, he was a tax driver, but you know, sorry. No, the money loses all value even after 10 million. Like the only reason you keep working is for influence. People who have no money think that rich people want to get rich to buy things, but that's not true. What we want to get rich for is to have influence over other people. We're all looking for power. The difference between a billionaire and a millionaire isn't what they can buy. It's power and it's influence and it's lobbying governments and it's controlling things. Do you think billionaires were worried about the fucking vaccine mandate? Fuck no, the billionaires. Bro, even me with millions, right? During all these lockdowns, I just got private jets. Get the jet. Yeah, do you have to worry about that? I wasn't on Wizz Air like a dickhead. You didn't have to worry about that. Shout Wizz Air. Shout Wizz Air with the minimum wage, with the minimum wage fucking air hostess running our mouth, trying to tell me what to do. Fuck you, baby. Where are you from? Some tiny town in Serbia. Not your something. Fuck the hell. When was the...  last time you flew commercial. You know what, I used to actually fly commercial just before Corona, because I was still semi sensible with my money, because if I wanna fly, let's say London to Bucharest on Wizards, a hundred euro, right? If I take my jet, it's let's say 40 grand. So it's like a hundred euro, 40 grand. It's a big difference, it's three hours. Like who gives you shit? Yeah. So I was still like jumping on the low-cost airlines, but then when Corona came, they tried to tell me what to do, and I can't tolerate that as a man, like trying to tell me where to fucking put my own face and shit as I fuck you. So the jet got fully fueled. Yeah. So three years I've been on a commercial. I still, if I fly across the Atlantic, I'll take first class maybe. Yeah, because I was gonna say that. But otherwise, it's just a dress private. Do you own your own jet hours that I plan at some point? I don't own anything. Well, of course. I don't own anything. I don't own any of the cars I drive, I don't own the house I live in, I don't own the boat some on, that I don't own any of the plants I fly. The shell can put in the car then. I don't have nothing governments. I don't have nothing, you can come for me. I don't own anything. I'm poor, I'm bankrupt. I don't have time.  Criteraine bro, we're going to O2 right now. They want to give me a fucking contract. I ain't got nothing. I'm a bro I'm broke you I'm a bro I'm a bro. I'm a bro. I just have access to a whole bunch of rich people shit a whole bunch of money That's all it is But I'm still a bro key on paper my friend. I ain't got nothing hmrc Well, you you recently acquired or how recent was the brigade because that made the rounds at least on TikTok Yeah, when did you get December January something like that? And how's that is that something that you always like looked up to and you're like This is a mark or like a mouse or just like a goal of mine is to own an exclusive car What $5 million is nothing chump change? No, but the story No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no because shell company has no because it's not so easy to just buy a baguette No, it's not it's not easy to get it and the story is that I was driving I just bought a brand new Ferrari and eight toll super fast in London I was driving home to Romania and I stopped in Munich Germany and there was a baguette store And I went to go in there and because everyone goes in there and fuxx about and pretends they want to buy one They wouldn't let me in they're like no appointment only so it's not rich  Treat me like a chump. No, no appointment only and the girl was giving me a bunch of shit So then I had to email someone to email someone I just spoke to a important friend of Simon network in the war room And he emailed the regional director of Bugatti sales and he called me up And he's like look we have a lot of people coming to show him and talk shit. Are you full of shit? It's like bro all by one right now So once I said that I'd buy one didn't I? Yeah, that was it We actually I guess the woman sales tactic have not letting me in the store worked pretty good So that's an actual thing by the way you know they do that in that these These expensive places they treat you as if you can't afford it and then so what so Human instinct is to be like fuck you and go and buy it. I get that They they give that to me a problem. Yeah, it's different man. They sales tactics What some she knows not having them not hasn't a quick boss how the man in the nine to five escapes I still not answer the question Drop it. Please as a professional I refuse to leave people hanging people sitting there going I need to quit working at pizza and or tell me how uh-huh  So we've talked about education and truly understanding I could talk forever about property and all this stuff Yeah, you have to understand that the system in and of itself is slavery and you're all you can just be a different level of slave It's all you can be yep, then you have to find a way to escape the system the easiest way to escape the systems via network You have to know people the whole world is only people I think a lot of a lot of Individuals forget that every single institution on earth every single Organization every single business etc. It's just people in a room. What's this podcast now people in a room? What's Tesla Elon's business people go to a factory build something? What's a government a bunch of people turn up to a building decided slave everybody? It's people in a room if you don't know any people you're fucked So I often say this to people who come to me and say look I want to become free etc I said who's the most important person in your phone? Oh Well, um, and they scroll and then they go well this guy. Yeah, he's a guy went to school with he went to uni and now he's a regional manager of This business and he is a Mercedes The  That's your guy That's pro Matt that's the guy's broski right? He's the guy you're gonna call shit. It's a fan. He's the guys we eat you a passport or a second name or a gun or a firearm or Brick or a personal personal man. That's your guy Regional man. You're a fucking recruitment firm. That's who you know. You don't know anyone So most people's network is fucking laughable. They don't know anybody like there's not a problem If you were to come to me with any problem on earth any problem anyone adds to my life I go to my network and we fix it And you're smoking about this network and this network is something that you're trying to create yourself at the minute right called the war room I have a network called the war room. Yeah, right. It's it's an international. What is that? Imagine the Freemasons but cooler But cooler. Yeah, no, so like it doesn't matter. Let's say your Facebook account gets banned Yeah, you can email Facebook like a brokey or you can go to the war room and say my Facebook accounts been banned  Do you understand what I'm saying? Let's say your bank account gets blocked. Let's say your passport's blocked. Let's say you need a Lamborghini in Santorini on three hours notice. Yeah. Let's say, I can give you a million different examples. Sounds almost like an elite concierge service. But it's not a concierge because there's no people in there who are specifically tasked with providing value. It's a network of people who provide value and return an exchange for the value that others can provide. Even if you have no money and no connections right now, this is the thing about being broke, which we're going to go into in a second, which is actually the answer to the nine to five question. There are millionaires in the world right now and billionaires inside of my network who always need people on the ground who are loyal, trustworthy and hardworking. And those three things are hard to find. I've had people join my network who have nothing, brokeies from Darby, literally with nothing. But the only way they can provide value is with their time and with their honesty and with their hard work and they do that. Before you know it, they're working for a multi-millionaire and now they're on the yacht. Right? So.  The biggest problem with life and the reason most people are broke and this is the answer to the final answer to the question for the 9-5 The reason anyone is broke in the western world today is because they are one of three things They're either lazy. They are arrogant or they are stupid and if you're if you're broke You are one of those three things. I don't care what excuse you try and fucking give me You're gonna have to choose which one you are because if you're none of those three things It's impossible to remain poor in the modern world in the West There is so much money. I'm gonna rub it in for all the brokeies quickly There is so much fucking money in the world. I want you to when you drive down a street Go to London drive down a street every buildings worth what 20 million 50 million 100 million someone owns all this shit Right that hotels a billion dollar hotel that fucking restaurants worth 15 million you can take a taxi ride and drive past a trillion Fucking pounds who owns all that shit people own all of this right? There's so much money in the world during COVID when everyone's complaining that they went broke I made so much  fucking money. You would not believe the amount of money I made. The amount of money that's traveling around and floating around the planet is ridiculous. We're talking about inflation being out of controls because they're printing trillions of trillions of trillions of dollars. It has to go somewhere. Now they try their very best to keep it amongst the elites and they do that. But if you're anywhere near the elite, you get money, right? If there's a rain storm, all you have to do is walk outside and you're wet. The difference between me and everyone else is I know where the door is to walk outside. Everyone else is just fucking floundering around the room looking on the floor for pennies. Like a jackass, right? There's so much money. It's so easy to make money in the world today. It truly is. And the reason if you're going to be, if you're poor and you're remaining poor is because you're the lazy or kind of stupid. So we'll talk about those three things. The first thing is lazy, which I've already discussed. I believe 99.9% of the people I've interacted with in my life are lazy. And when I say lazy, I mean it in the genuine term of the word. They're lazy. They think that they come up with bullshit like work, life, balance. And well, there's no point work. And if you don't enjoy yourself and all this other fucking shit.  And they remain lazy and the problem is is that the world we live in is player versus player if you go play call of duty Right it's PVP you want to live you got to kill that guy. Yeah, he's some fucking 14 year old in Singapore He might he loses one more game. Don't care. Sniped boom see y'all How to nice life? You're gone. That's how it works Playover player versus player. This is the most knowledge I've ever heard being dropped on his book as well as fucking nuts I'm right away from this fucking thing and we sat there in Sniped I'm not Tangerine Singapore is dumb So but it's player versus player right yeah I would like to believe in a world where you don't have to wake up and think about the money Where you don't have to wake up and think about the bag you don't have to wake up a thing How do I get paid we're instead you could wake up and think I want to enjoy my time I want to spend time with my family, etc. But the problem is it's player versus player. There are people like me There are sharks in the ocean if you want to  stay a fish, you're gonna fucking lose. There are people like me who wake up and think, fuck it, I want more. Don't give a shit. I already have everything I can ever think of. I already have enough money to buy everything I can ever dream of. I can't even think of anything on the planet I want. Don't care. I want more so I can take it from others. There are people like me that exist and you have to compete against people like me. It's player versus player. So when I say lazy, my entire life is work. And when I say that, people think that's depressing. No, it's not depressing. I love it. Every single thing I do is work. When I go to the gym, it's so I'm in fantastic shape. So I can call everyone a brookie and they don't want to come up to me on the streets and all, fuck them up. Work. When I come here and do a podcast and have a nice conversation with you gentlemen, work. I'm making money in between work. When I'm it's work. So that when me and her go to the club, she behaves herself with all the other girlfriends around because she knows big D. You understand? It's all work. Life is work. Distances work. If I'm awake, I'm working. Every single thing I do is conscious. It's all done on purpose.  We're gonna finish this podcast. I don't know what you guys are gonna do afterwards But you could certainly film 10 podcasts in a row if you want to but you won't because you're fucking lazy That is the truth you can be the biggest podcast in the world Only work there's nothing else you have to outcompete everybody is smart work. No, that's no No, no, no, we're gonna get out to smart work in a second my friend now smart work 10 podcasts in a row is Is a waste of fucking time. No, it's not even not doing it's just not it Just putting out 10 fucking podcasts is stupid That's a watch if you if you film tech that's a L for you No, it's not because how are you gonna talk about recent you can delay them? It doesn't matter but the content you talk about won't be relevant in 10 weeks time But you can talk about evergreen subjects about the fact that the matrix No, not about that, but no one get what I'm saying is we then want to hear about the latest and the greatest I understand my so we have to talk about it my  point I'm the point I'm trying to make is smart work or intelligent work is something that most people use to hide and disguise their laziness and I'll tell you why because if you're not a lazy individual the first thing you do is you dedicate your entire life to work like I just said every bitch I fuck his work every gym session I go to his work every car I drive his work I'll film it I'll use it whatever it is every single thing I do inside of my existence is work once I've used all of my human time every single waking second of every single day and I now have a pile of work I can no longer complete then I look to streamline then I go okay I've been awake for 17 hours and my work isn't finished I need to find a more efficient way to get my work done that's when you start being smart and efficient but until all of your time is used smart and efficient is the disguise for laziness is bollocks right fuck that off you don't need to be smart or officially to fucking work I have people inside of Husses University you just said I conquered TikTok right there's a guy inside of Husses University US 16  and he's making 45,000 pounds a month. Do you know why? Because he takes my old interviews. He makes TikToks and he puts them on TikTok. He does 300 TikToks a day. He just fucking works. Doesn't think, doesn't try and be smart, doesn't try and be efficient, doesn't try and change the world. He sits his ass there on his phone and fucking works. And now he's making 45 grand a month. That's why I'm starting my Tate Tate Saturday night. And I'm 100%. And I've got my name. I've got my name. You even made a fellow 100% I'm going with pasta tape. Don't make him the fucking money. No, listen, my affiliate link is going in my bio. Guys, make sure pasta tape, pasta tape. That's me right now, tonight. But this is the point. So most people are lazy. And when I say this, I understand work life balance. I understand some people want to rest. But there are people like me who are born to work. We're born to conquer and you have to compete against us. And you're going to lose. You're going to lose. Because we have networks. We have people who work for me. I have a thousand people who work for me. And all I do is work for you. And I'm going to lose. I have a thousand people who work for me. And all I do is work. And all they do is work. All we do is...  fucking work. How are you gonna beat me on TikTok? You can't, you can't beat me. I'm here and I've conquered the fucking platform. It's mine. That's because I'm a workhorse. So most people are lazy. So if you're gonna sit there and you're gonna look at me and you're gonna look at my 27 super cars and go, I'd really like that. If you'd really like that, you need to understand that every waking second, you need to be working. And, and, and, and, I'm gonna handle every excuse because I want to answer this question, yeah. Compenduously. I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of, I'm tired of thinking. You know, why I'm blazing over with I'm tired of thinking, why I'm bed ridde. You know, why you're sleeping? I'm tired of playing diffrent, why stuck with what I'm doing? gettin' time ainvesting guy who's about carpentry. Oh, I don't want to do that. I want to stay home. Then you don't want to be rich.  There you go. There's your fucking answer. So you can find work to do in any sphere. You're saying we can't do 10 podcasts in a row. Perhaps you're right. Let's assume you're right. Let's assume you can only do one podcast. Yeah. I guarantee if I was in charge, you guys would be fucked. If I was in charge of this business, let's say I was in charge of the fellow's podcast, you would not be going home until at least 9 PM and I would find shit. No, but okay, but I do. You would be doing something. In fact, there would be work to do. In fact, when we finish this podcast, it's not the end of the work is not done. We'll go home and then we'll work on our own channels. Our own stuff. So when I'm done here, Andrew, when I go, see you at the top. No, I'm not talking about you guys personally in a disrespectful way. I'm just trying to highlight the fact that there's always more work to do. No, I want to be disrespectful today. I want you to tell me. That's like some kind of shit. I'm on the road. No one's degrading. I'll tell you. Compared to the general public, they were looking me in a go, chips rich. But then I look at you, Andrew, and I go, that's rich. And I want you to tell me why I'm not way.  I'm telling you. I'm telling you. Okay, good. I'm telling you. I want to be on that fucking year. All right, I'll tell you. Yeah, good. I want to be there. Good. That's how to tell me everything. Good, right. I need to know. Good, and this is the thing. So you have to find more work to do. Now, if you truly can't find more work to do, I don't believe that's a thing. I believe that's just an excuse for laziness, right? You can always find some more work to do. You guys could go back to a podcast you made a year ago, and you could go and you could make a highlight show of all the times that you said, I don't know, fuck or drink or whatever, and you could make a highlight video. You could make a 10 second video of all the times you said it. You could put some music on a boom, boom, boom, tick tock. You could always find work to do. There's no such thing as that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's your next show. No such thing as that work. No such thing. So most people are lazy, right? The second thing that the people suffer from is arrogance. And the reason people are arrogant is because every single individual, especially men, we're born with a natural, we have an ego, right? And I think the ego is a very important thing. If you read any of the modern bullshit that...  as pumped out by the matrix, they say, you must get rid of your ego, you must remove your ego. But I disagree with that absolutely. That's the matrix trying to program us all to be slaves. If someone has an ego, they are full of pride. And if you're full of pride, you do a good job. If you are proud of yourself, if you're proud of your body, you're gonna have a good body. If you're proud of your work, you're gonna do good work. If you're proud of the things you say, you're gonna make sure the things you say are intellectual and well-fought through, right? So they try and tell you to have no ego to remove your pride so that you'll accept the programming from the matrix. They wanna make sure that you're an empty vessel, they can just insert their programming. So you need to have an ego. And the ego can either be your best friend or your enemy. An ego you work hard to justify is a superpower. An ego that you have without justification is here to hinder you. So I'll give an example of me, right? I've always had an ego. But I realized that I was full of shit having an ego. If I wasn't actually a capable fighter who was richest fuck with a dangerous world class network, I realized that having an ego without those things was just ballocks. So I had 80s.  professional fights and I made a hundred million dollars and I built the world room and got one of the most powerful networks on the planet and now I get to have my ego justified and I get to sit here on podcasts and talk with confidence because I've justified my ego. I knew what I wanted to be and I justified it right. If you have an ego go well I don't have those things but I don't need those things to then you're fucked right. So most people are arrogant. I will sit here and tell the world on this podcast that I have a school called Husser's University that teaches people how to make money online with 18 modern wealth creation methods. It's $49 a month and there are people who still won't join. Oh he's full of shit. I have a jet and a boat. 27 supercars. No, no, no, I know people who shout companies, shout companies, 15 mansions, etc. And they're gonna sit there and listen to all the things we've said and go, maybe he's lying. Because they are arrogant idiots. They're idiots right? If Mike  and teachers you have, it comes and says, I'm gonna show you how to throw a punch. Do you sit there and go, well, you know what, Mike? It's not bad, but I wouldn't do it that way. Or would you sit and go, okay, Mike Tyson, right? So I've always been a very good student. Everything I've learned, I've learned from people. Even when I was a kickbox in World Champion, I became World Champion because I just blindly obeyed. It wasn't a matter of, I think this, it was just turn up at the gym, do this. My coach, who was Bosnian Special Forces, who fought in the Yugoslav conflict, would say, you're doing this today, you ain't going home to have seen 10,000 push-ups. Seven hours later did 10,000 push-ups. That was the game, that was it, I just obeyed, right? So most people are so arrogant, even if someone like me wastes their time, trying to tell them how to escape slavery, they're too arrogant to even fucking listen. They're gonna sit there and go, well, 49 dollars, maybe it's a scam. Oh, maybe I scam you out of a Nando's. Oh no, boo, fuck it, who? And if you wanna, because I want to extrapolate our conversation, I wanna tie back the things I said previously, we talked about how education...  exists in a vacuum, my education doesn't exist in a vacuum. Hustle University is in competition with every single other purchase on the planet. So I currently have 64,000 students. 64,000 people are inside of Hustle University paying $49 a month every single month. Don't be impressed, I got 64,000 people. Be impressed, I retain 64,000 people. Those people are making more than they spend. So you have to understand this, my educational system doesn't exist in the same way that traditional educational system does. You can spend that $49 on anything you want. I'm in competition with Nandos, I'm in competition with video games, I'm in competition with fucking food, fucking snickers, the gym, porn, whatever you want to spend your money on. And 64,000 people have decided that the best possible value they can find for their $49 is inside of my school. That shows my school works. My question to you is you mentioned that there were 14, 18 ways of modern... 18 modern modern modernization methods yet, right? Now any of those ways are... Methods...  you've personally used. Every single one of them are methods I currently use. That you currently use. Correct. So it's taught by myself and other war room professors. And they're always I currently use. Because there's some people who already go, oh, by Bitcoin, not making me rich. No, what's it going to do? Double. Oh, you're 1,000 pounds is 2,000 pounds. Congratulations, Jackass. Thank you, I'm going to make you rich. So we teach modern wealth creation methods. And TikTok is an example. TikTok is completely Husses University students making millions and millions of pounds every single fucking month. All they need is a phone. Everyone has a phone and time. Do you have a phone and some time? Yes. Are you a lazy Jackass? No. OK, then you can be rich. You can have a Ferrari. What the fuck are you waiting for? And when I say arrogant, because there are people who are going to listen to this podcast, listen to everything I've said and go, you know that makes sense. But why be a scam? And not joking. So most of you are either lazy or arrogant. Some people are so arrogant. You couldn't help them if you fucking tried. And the last is stupid. And this is the smallest category.  Right? I don't think you need to be smart to make money. I really don't think you need to be that intelligent to make money. I think less than 5% of the population is too stupid to make money. Do you know how TikTok works? Are you too stupid to upload a TikTok video? No, then you can make money. Are you too stupid to upload a YouTube video? No, you can make money. Are you too stupid to even if you can't do it yourself to go on Fiverr and get someone to edit a video that you can put on your channel? No. No one's too stupid to make money. They're just too lazy and too arrogant. So that is the plague. So if you're working your 9-5, you need to look in the mirror. I'll take off my sunglasses. You're going to look in the mirror. Look yourself in the eyes. Look deep in your own eyes and work out which one you truly are. Am I fucking stupid? Well, I don't think I'm stupid. No, I'm not stupid because everything Andrew said made sense. Okay, I'm not stupid. Am I lazy? I guess a little bit. Am I arrogant? Work out which one it is and fucking fix it. Blink and cure your brain. And once you're no longer lazy or arrogant, they do stuff.  I have to find some of the learn from, right? You have to go, okay, I'm not lazy, I'm not arrogant. I want someone who's really willing to teach me. A lot of people in the internet were foolish, I ain't foolish shit. Congratulations. Job done, you're about to be rich and you're self-alambregating. Tag me on Instagram when you get it, I might even share a gay, some pussy. Boom, job done with the fuck you waiting for. Let's go, there's money everywhere. It's fucking easy. I'm drip, I was to buy a car right now, and I had a million dollar budget. What car would you sell me, it's by. What's it going to? What's the right, is do I just go for a ride? What's the right way? Do I go for a Ferrari? What would you sell me to buy? I want a note. There's a good question. Because you're shopping tonight. No, because I'm taking notes. I'm a triptate now, so. Who's taking notes? If it's a... Bro, it was pasta tape, a second ago. Yeah, which one, which one? Fucking shit. She's not pasta tape. pasta tape is my tip, I can't chiptate who I am. Okay. No, you guys, stop laughing. Serious business, right? Me and Andrew are talking business, so if you guys are... No, no, no, no, no, we're like you talking, how long we got on this block, actually. But as long as we're here, there's only one thing to talk about. Yeah.  Let's go I'm pouring up another drink It's 10 by the way guys. Can I just let you know it's fucking 10 it's 10 am It's 11 or seven I got a call of Calla 910 am he goes he calls me goes Yep I'm hungover from a gender reveal pie from a good friend of mine. I'm hungover. It's 920 I call you girl girl girl. I'm lucky bro That is to hey look is tough man because when she when she starts doing only fans It's around out but I get it again. It's called cargo speakers Yeah, Andrew Tates gonna be in the office one hour earlier. I look to myself. I said this man 6 am minus one minute sleep That's what he does I'm not surprised. I was I was there like you fucking Oh I'm gonna say something I probably shouldn't say on this fucking pole. It's okay. So you can free speech So we look all right, so last night right? Free speech if you want to cut it cut it after we want yeah  You're an ad. So last night, right? So I'm in London because you guys say like I didn't sleep. I was drinking last night as well. So I have a hangover too. I just can tell I'm not completely on for. Yeah. What did you go out and close? You went to court? No, well, that just not seem true. No, so I was out last night and I got a message on Instagram from some guy I used to know for a long time, et cetera, et cetera. Because hey, let's have a cigar. It's okay. Cool. We went. We had a cigar and he said, hey, man, I just want to show you some videos. He showed me some videos of him with some very famous people. I want to say their names, some famous people. And he said, bro, you need to be careful. And I was like, what? He goes, when I was hanging around with these people, I went to the store and probably knows them, but he was saying they had to sell their soul to a degree to get that level of influence. He was like, something was famous people. Yeah. He was saying that the people who are in charge of controlling the narrative don't like people who have a huge, huge influence so they don't control to some degree. And the internet has changed that, but still people who have a massive influence over populations and society.  They want to control one way or another and you need to be very careful. And I was like, I kind of knew all this. Don't worry about it. Because no, but you've blown up big. Don't worry about it. That's all right. Cool. And then about four hours after this conversation, maybe about 2 a.m. last night, I got a message on my WhatsApp saying, Hey, my name is XX. I'm a friend of this guy. So I got your number. We want to invite you to a private party. There's a private island and we want to invite you to it. Not a private island, bro. We can't be doing these islands no more. It can't be an Epstein island. If we find out, you're up to. I'm telling you now on the podcast, I'm not fucking doing it. But if I get smoked, you know why? You're all right. Cool. So if I get smoked, take these fuckers with me. Not fuck, man. It's for their views. Fuck, man. It's for their views. Oh, yeah. Oh, why? You're going to let your own song go on. We did it together. Oh, no. You know what? All right, a diamond. I'm happy. All right, you. Cool. Leave me the fuck out of this, please. Yeah, yeah. Like look, it's, you know, there's 500 people.  400 girls, 100 guys, it's private, simply only, it's in July, and I was like, this is weird. And then I'm thinking, well maybe I do have quite a lot of influence et cetera, maybe people would like some leverage over me. Maybe they would like a video of me in hotel room with, even if it's just chicks, even if it's just something normal, but they get the video and they fucking flip it. There are things that come with fame that start making you be careful, especially with me as well, because I'm a seen as a bad guy, I'm a bad man, right? So I have to be very, very careful who I interact with. Like I have no new friends. I talk to the same people I spoke to and I was broke. I have no new friends. I don't hire new people. I've been invited by some very, very, some of the most, I could tell you names you wouldn't believe it. The most famous people on the planet have DMed me saying, hey come to my party, I'm like, no. Wow, I'm staying away from all of it, right? Because I want to try and stay outside the matrix. I think there's a level to the matrix once you get caught in your, you're fucked again. So I'm saying this will Spotify. So I would never kill myself. Firstly, there it is. That's secondly, it's kind of scary. It's kind of scary man. So like there's a lot going on in the world that you have to be.  that I'm very conscious of. America's one of those countries where I walk through the world feeling pretty invincible. Yeah. And America's one of those countries where I don't feel invincible, so I don't like it. Yeah. I was in Miami four in the morning, right? I just had these two Russian chicks in this club. Blah blah blah. So anyway, finish these chicks in their apartment. I come down and I'm waiting for my Uber. So I'm outside the apartment in Miami. And it's four in the morning and this car rolls up. It must have been like a 1996 Toyota Ultima, some old bus up car rolls up. And these two guys look at me and go, yo, I was like, well, this is number eight, eight. It's a bro, I don't know. He goes, you don't know where you are. Bro, I don't know. Then he turns around and reaches to the back seat. And it's like black middle of the night. And I was like, I thought, because in Romania, I carry, right? So instinctually I went, I'm going forward and got gun, shit.  There's nowhere to hide here. There's nowhere to hide here. Open fucking sidewalk. There's nothing but Jimmy and Bullets, right? Reach to the back seat and for a second, I don't believe in panic, because I'm professional. But I analyze the situation, right? I have no weapon. He's inside of a car. Fifth-sang at her doing much. I know where to hide. I'm fucked, right? So you reach to the back, turns back around. It was a pizza. And I was like, oh, fuck. But I'll just wait till I get to the front. Just a pizza. Yeah, a pizza. But why do I have to live in that world? Do you know what I mean? Like in America, you're like, you can just get smoked. I had a Rolex on, I'm wearing a suit. Yeah. No, I mean, when we went to LA, when we was in LA once, we were driving through like the Bad Part of LA in like a nice SUV Chevrolet, but it wasn't even nice, but it was in this part of LA. It was nice. People come over and it's kind of spitting on it, saying get the fuck out of this. Like it was crazy. Yeah, 100% was fucking nuts. That's a roll of the windows and everything. I had to put my seat back so that they couldn't see me through the window. Yeah.  Yeah, that's yeah, it's America's a different level right yeah, so America you have to be very very careful I mean I rolled security in London. I got security in me now London's getting a bit dangerous as well, but even but without a gun as long and Now I state this without arrogance right as long as there is a degree of intimacy in the conflict I stand a chance. I'm a world-level combatant Right even if you have a knife if I hit you you're fucked anyway. Yeah, do not I mean but with a gun across the street That's a point to be a target I mean I've got some neo-mute. I've escaped the matrix. I can dodge bullets I don't want to do it too often that's a good point. It's very different for you because when you walk in the streets You are what you said you're four times kick kick boxing world champion like it's a lot different say We're walking the street. We could be as rich as we want to be but we've not got it's true But but even now but even then and this is another point we'll get to there's a huge difference between fighting and violence There are different things so a lot of people say to me hey, take why do you worry? And I say one for peace of mind because otherwise I'm on edge all the time I'm  Spacatious right so the number one way you protect yourself is to be aware you have to see it coming doesn't matter Who you are if you get sucker punch you get sucker punch Gee like if you get hit with a baseball bat you didn't fucking see it you're done Yeah, so the first you're news. I'm all you if I don't have skirt with me I'm always looking at my shoulder. I was watching I'm always paying attention who walked in the bar Where's this guy? I don't I if I sit in a restaurant? I will only sit in the corner where I can see the whole restaurant I want my back to people I won't do any of these things because I don't want them to sneak attack me If you want to kill me give me a chance At least it's gonna be somewhat of a fair fight here. I refuse to die with some sucker punch bullshit That would be so shit Yeah, after all of this has died from a baseball bat crack back Yeah, right so that's the first thing about it But the truth is about fighting in violence is there very very different things I was a professional fighter and I still am capable as a fighter if you if any one man were to come up to me Even on the blade. I know I would disable them at being there's no problem And I would you still train and I would take his life train to be both of you but but but I think the people who true  understand the nature of the world are interested in fighting or interesting in violence. So even for me for example, let's say I had an enemy and that enemy was a professional fighter. I wouldn't engage him in a fight. I'd engage him in violence. Ten men and mishays. Cool. Let's just show me your fighting. We're hitting with a car. Run him over the truck. Fucking wait in front of me on the pavement. Just fucking hit him in the SUV. Fucking. Oh, you're a tough guy. All right. Cool. There's a difference between fighting and violence. Yeah. So a lot of people go, he can fight. He's tough. He ain't tough against 10 do good blades. Have you had any life and death experiences with someone's? What's been the craziest one? The one that you thought, fuck, I'm lucky to get away with this one. I have some stories which I don't want to tell, but I have one story I can tell which I've already told before, which is a bit more sanitized, but I'm covered in scars. I have a scar on the top of my head here. Yeah. Where I was hit. I have a knife mark here because here my finger came off. I did so much. I think you're back on. I have a stab mark here. So I've been through it. But um...  Yeah, the difference between fighting violence is very, very different. We'll leave it at that. There's some things I don't want to say on Spotify because of the repercussions of what happened. But I do have a kind of story which was probably one of the times I was most scared. I was arrested by Spetsnaz Russian military. That's fucking wild. In transnistria, that was pretty scary. In where, sorry? Transnistria? That's not a real place. Oh, that's where the tube line lies. That's where the tube line lies. What a huge idea is that? It's where that Sharif football team that beat Real Madrid are from. What a spot, man. Shout to Sharif F.C. Vanu. That's what this is, not that. Yeah, that's some weird knowledge. Borden Bankrock did a video there. Oh, okay. Have you seen that guy, Sean? Have you seen that guy? Yeah, he's good. Yeah, he's good. Yeah, he's all over the place. Yeah, he's all over the place. Yeah, he's sick. Yeah, he seems sick. So I was in Ukraine. I've told the story before about it. I'll tell it again. Let me give a full rendition. So I decided, my brother and I had this genius idea. This is about seven, no, maybe five years ago. My brother thought that Eurovision Song Contest would be full of pussy. He said, take.  That's an L, by the way. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Me and my brother, me and my brother, Koli's brother, and we live in the same house, and I was asleep, and I remember hearing him say, take, he goes, you're a vision's full of girls. That was the exact conversation. I was like, what? And I walked out. I think it was in Israel or something, and there's a crowd, it was full of girls screaming. He's like, you're a vision's full of girls. He goes, we need to go to your vision, get a table, get some champagne. There's a lot of women though. No, it's gay, it's gay people. No, no. Is that what your vision is? It's just like, it's gay people. It's LGBT people. It's so, so sad. Tristan was like, let's go to, is that what we said? Exactly. Tristan. But, yeah, he's like, we're gonna get a table, we're gonna do a hundred bottles of champs, we're gonna fucking, we're gonna run it. I was like, whatever, Jay, don't worry about it. And then like six months later, we found out the following, your vision was in Kiev, and we spent a lot of time in Ukraine, because we have, we have a lot of guns in Ukraine, what we used to, probably belong to the fucking Russians now. We got a house in Ukraine, and we had a bunch of firearms there, et cetera. So, um.  He's like, he has already full of girls. Now the Eurovision on top, we off the chain. Got to go keep. That's all right, cool. So, uh, whatever, it's an adventure, right? So we got in the car, we live in Booker, Est Romania, we got in the car and we decided to drive there. We drove to the border of Romania, got to Moldova, and the Moldovans wouldn't let us through. They said that we were missing a piece of paper for our car and they wouldn't let us through. And Romania, even though it's EU, has a hard border for cars, you need to actually go to the border and chat shit and get through, it's a new one, let us through. So we left the car in a train station. This is all in the internet somewhere. I've got a really old YouTube series called Hateful Tate, really old. It's all on there. So we left the car in a train station, got a taxi to Kishtenau Moldova, which is another place I actually got jumped, different story, and got the train overnight from Kishtenau Moldova to Kiev. Now, on this train, I found out later that because there's no airports involved to get in and out of Ukraine, there's a lot of bad guys that take this train. So it was about...  three in the morning when I went to the food cart. And I went to the food cart and I sat down and there's these two big guys, 110 kilo, 120 kilo, big guys, ball heads, like mafia guys, units, right? Sitting over there. And I'm sitting there and I sit in the food cart and I sit to the guy, food, he doesn't speak any English. No, no, no, no, no, it's like bro, just... It's a bit of fucking strand. Give me some. Give me some. Bro, I'm in the food cart. You've been in the food cart for 60 years. Why do people come to the food cart? Do we need a language? Give me some food to fuck with dumb ass. So anyway, so I'm gonna give me some food. There's gonna be some soup, whatever I'm sitting there. The two big guys get up and they walk over to me. And one of them sits here so I'm now trapped. I can't move. And the other one sits opposite me. And I realize I still have my Rolex on, I'm gonna get to get it, right? I'm gonna have my Rolex on, so I'm like, okay. I've been around the world, right? And I know the world. I know how it functions. So I'm sitting there, go, okay, worst case, I give up my Rolex, I survive, who gives you shit, right? So the guy sits opposite me and goes, where are you from? I said, uh.  I live in Romania, that in South America, didn't South English, I live in Romania. You're Romanian, I said, no, I live there, I live there. It was used, and he talks to me in Romanian, I don't speak Romanian, of course. So it was like, I understand, but I don't speak. Why you're on this train that it starts talking to me? Anyway, he gets a bottle of vodka and starts pouring shots. You drink, you drink, it's like, okay, fine, have one, have two, have three, and they're drinking, you know like Russians, like bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, and I'm like, okay, he just wants to fuck me up on booze, that's my last skill gone. So you got to a point where I was like, look, bruv, no more, not drink anymore. Can't drink anymore, I'm not Russian, try to make a joke of it, I'm not Russian, I'm not Russian. He goes, okay, oh, why you're on my train? He said, is your train? Why is he your train? He goes, oh, this is all mine, that it starts talking to some shit, but that's not cool. And then he took my hand to shake my hand, he goes, oh, this is all mine, did I like this? He took my hand and he went and looked at my watch. And then looked at me. You don't want that. And I was like, that's not good. That's not good. So I'm sitting there and I'm like,  I said, are you gonna take my watch? Was this guy bigger than you by the way? Yeah. So I'm like 95. Is it bad? Yeah, he's in 120. Yeah, I'm like 95 kilo. He's fat, but he's big. Yeah, it's a big guy. Big guy. But let's leave it about it. The truth is about, like we're talking about fighting environments. There are different things, right? I'm a world level kickboxer, but I'm sitting down. There's 110 kilo here guy next to me. I'm pinned against a wall. Yeah. This guy here. That watch is gone if it wants to go. Like, what the fuck am I gonna do? They might have blades on him. Yeah. The fuck you gonna do, right? You're gonna die. Stupid. It's really trying to fight. So I said to him, are you gonna take my watch? And he kind of looked at me, a lot of you think I'm a thief. Did it? And I said, no, I've just been around the world. I understand how the world works. And he asked me then, he said, what's your job? I said, I'm a fighter. I'm a kickboxer. So if your kickboxer, for who? And I told him the organizations I fought for, et cetera. I definitely didn't scare him. He wasn't scared of me kickboxing, but I think he respected me. And what's funny about the world is that when you're a fighter, you get a lot of respect from people. You don't get, so you get fear from some people. But I actually think respect.  will save you from more trouble than fear ever will. And I think he respected me. He's like, oh, this guy's brave, he's a fighter and he respected me and I think he changed his mind. And he said, okay, okay, okay, have a nice time. And he goes number 13. That was the carriage number me and my brother. So we already knew what carriage was in. Yeah. So he did, bro. He died, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He literally did this. I went to get up to leave and when I went to the door to open the food carriage, it was locked. Oh, so that's why. And now the old man goes, oh, gets his ass up. And he comes over with the key. I was like, quite a fucked. And I said to him, you locked the door, looks at me like. Yeah. And what? He came in me, not you. He had a prick, right? So anyway, so we go off in the training key I have, once you're a vision, fucking sucked. Blue, everything about a suck. No girls, my brother's a liar, sucked, right? So I didn't want to take the train home. That's the whole reason I told the train story. The train is now mafia run, don't take the train home. So you're a vision ends, there's no flights back because everything's been booked up for fucking months. I don't want to take the train home. The only other way home is car, right?  So I start going to taxi saying can you take me to Romania? Don't give a fuck. I'll give you a two-years wages. I'm rich. Take me to Romania. At the time, Ukrainians needed a visa to get into EU so they couldn't get to EU. Eventually some guy goes, my cousin has visa for EU. He will drive you. It's like cool. Like a 2000 American, which is like five months wages. He comes, he goes, he's a rally driver. He's one of the best rally drivers in Ukraine. He's number one driver in Ukraine. All right, whatever. Cool. So anyway, he goes, we pick you up at seven here on this street corner. And I remember, because I don't know if it's like this anymore. Probably is thanks to Putin, but back then it was so cheap. I remember we were waiting for the guy. What Ukraine? Ukraine. So cheap. I went in for a Champions League final. I couldn't believe it. I paid less than a quid for a pint. It's crazy cheap. Mental. I went out. We were waiting on the street corner. He picked up by this rally driver, right? We went into the store. We thought we'll drink on the way home. Nothing else to do. We bought a bottle of vodka, two cartons of cherry juice, two Snickers bars. It was like three euros, including the vodka. It's not cheap. There you get.  gets a Chernobyl. That's where I was fucking chief. Yeah. But just before the walk it's off, I was in Chernobyl. And it is, because I went there to make a YouTube video. Yeah, yeah. And eight. Do you have radiation poisoning? You know what? I had to get, I had to get, I had to get, I had to get checked for the full thing. So when you go in and out of Chernobyl, you have to have, you have to go into this machine and you put your hands and your feet and everything and your body against this whole wall and then you push against it. And it tells you if you can come out. Because if you go in there and you've got too much radiation on you, you ain't allowed to leave. So if it fucking doesn't beep and say you're good, then you're stuck there, my friend. You're done. That's it. You actually have to go ahead and live because there's a little town in there that still exists. Wow. Small, small town. You're living with a babushka. We're talking about 30 people in there. Wow. And if you don't beep on that machine, that's it. You're going living there now. You working in Chernobyl now. That's it. You're done. I just went there for the video. So I went out when I was getting out and I was like, this is it. My two day trip's done. I'll come up to the machine and go, well, I better fucking be here. I'm stuck. Hopefully you beat my friend.  And I'm like fucking hope so because it needs to go back to the country for our podcast But yeah, fortunately a beep and that's why I'm here with If you didn't beep you just messaged the war room and we Well, you know what? That's how the content comes in I We'd fix it trust me my friend we'd fix listen when this podcast ends I'll be writing your air saying you know I'm draft got a lot to offer to the war room. Yeah, perfect I'll make you trade no problem. Yeah, all right. Let's do it Listen, I've got a lot of air. We'll talk about I've got Peruvian goat farm if you interested. Hey Very desperate man out there who he goes. Yeah, so continue your story Goat farm take confidential channel But um so long story short this dude turns up we have some booze the guy is like fucking 14 I've never seen someone so young drive a car guys the tree a kid. I swear he must have been maybe Actually genuinely 14 as I broke new drive  I'm a rally driver. I was like, you're not fucking a rally driver. What kind of lie is this? Why is it one lying to me? You're a rally driver. You're like 14. I'm 18. I was like, bro, you're 14. So anyway, he says he is the only one with a visa, right? So we get in the car. We start drinking. We're driving, driving, driving, driving. Before this, I'd never heard of Transnistria in my life. Didn't know it was a place to exist. It's a breakaway micronation in in Moldova. I looked this up afterwards. At the end of the USSR, they want to be more pro-Russian. Moldova want to be more pro-Mert Romanian. They started some civil war blah blah. 1992. Nobody gives a shit. It's a breakaway micronation, right? So we're driving and then me interested in by now our hammer because we're trying to hold all about. I look out the window and there's like blacked out, fully black like spets my soldier. I'm like, fuck. See that? I'm like, what? I'm like, who the fuck are these? They go to border guards. They know they're normal border guards to me, bro. They look like bad boys. Special guys. So anyway, we get to the fucking border and they come up to the car and they go, oh, no, no, no. I start talking to my...  Russian, dragged the driver out. So they dragged him out the car and they closed the door. So my main interest was sitting in the car for about good 10 seconds, the driver's missing. And we're like, what the fuck is this? And it's just like, I don't know, maybe they didn't like the car, but then the two doors open to grab us, pull out the car, right? So we're like, fuck, and when we get out the car, we see fully blacked out, black fucking helmets, black fucking ski mask, fully black, black, black, black, black, like spetsnax guys, right? They drag us take us into this little hot, little thing by the side of the road and we're like, what the fuck is the problem? And they're like, who are you? We're like, we're coming back to Romania from Ukraine. Like, why are you in Ukraine? And I said, no, you're a vacation. You're a vacation? You're a vacation. You're a vacation. You're a vacation. I know, the guy, the guy looks at me like, he looks at me and goes, this is either the worst cover story I ever heard. Oh, this guy is a fucking idiot. Because the worst thing is, I was, where?  wearing a black t-shirt and like some green dragon bombs. He goes, why are you dressed like soldier? I'm not dressed like a fucking soldier. Dragon bombs and a t-shirt on. Yeah. But I guess I'm built, I'm middle-tory aged. I look like a fucking soldier, right? You do have a soldier. You're gonna soldier. You're gonna soldier. A fucking American passport. So he goes, I go Eurovision. Kind of is, and he looked at me with hatred. He was not happy with who I was and why I was there. So they asked us a few more questions. We were sitting in the border guards. They went, they took all our luggage, poured it all on the floor, poured it all out in the dirt. And there was 4,000 American there. And I was like, listen bro, we live in Romania. You can Google us, we live in Romania. We just went to Eurovision, went to Ukraine, et cetera. I didn't know Transnistria was a place. I might have to cause any problems. I just want to go home, please. He goes, you must pay fine. I was like, okay, what's the fine for? He goes, for impersonating soldier. Oh, fucking. I was like, how much? He goes, 4,000 American. Oh, that's how. Oh, yeah. I'll go be in. 4,000 American in the fucking city. Very convenient. I was like, oh.  That's very convenient. You can take exactly the money in my suitcase. Please take it sir. All right. Yeah. Thank you All right. Sorry about that. I'll make sure I never were green drawing buttons again. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry Bumble listen to car and escort us to the border until it's to fuck off and so never come back again So that was interesting. That was that was pretty scary because they had the rotwilers as well on the chain You know like on the park trying to bite you and shit and I was just sitting there and you know what when you're a fighter Something about you in every single situation you analyze it for like combative ability like what would I be able to get Like Jason Bourne. Yeah, yeah, you know you're like you're sitting there going. Okay this guy I could take him Outside their armed dog there that guy sniper tower to unfun Yeah I Was a movie yeah, like that won't work that won't work. I'm going to trends this tree in jail You know when when when you agreed to give when you're like yeah, okay, you take the 4000 Yeah, obviously I feel like that's a fucking real lot of money to them and they just And today they must be laughing  It's way too happy. $100 a month or something. Yeah. But did they even show that? Was it like a norm to them? Remember that they took it over there like very, they were probably very happy after I left. Yeah, but at the time, they kept it simple. They were straight. Poker face. They had their game straight. Second you was gone down that road by the way. You know, they turned around and said, yeah, of course, they were laughing the rest of all. Look at his jackass, his true vision, fucking. I want to talk to you about Tristan. So because obviously at the moment, I've just seen a lot of, I saw it since last night actually, about actually it was you. You brought one of the rules. I'm actually disappointed in you by the way, Andrew. Because this is our bank account. Oh, okay. So, yeah. That's part of the family now. Obviously, you introduced Sharia Bank account, which I'm now involved with. And you broke the rule. Was it, you can only spend a certain amount on one transaction? Unless it's been approved by the other person. Is that actually like, how fucking real is that? Would you not prefer to have your own bank account? Like to me, it just doesn't make sense. We're on us through the whole thing, then. Yeah, how did that work? I don't want to hear it all.  Do you have a brother? I have a sister. I am the brother. Okay. Yeah. All right. I don't understand how brothers are not as close as Tristan and I. I don't see why you'd have a brother if you're not that close. In fact, I do know why and I'm about to say why. And it's going to piss a bunch of people off. I'll say why. But I think that brothers and the bond of brotherhood is something that's intrinsic to masculinity. And if you don't have a biological brother, then you find your brother. Like you just said, you found your brother. Yeah. I don't have a biological one. And I'm not sure I'm fucking banking out. But it's for the rest of the league. Unfortunately, I'll say. What we run dry. No, we won't. Listen, I'll be spending our business. Yeah, let's try. I'll be business. And I think one of the best things about brotherhood is the accountability. The only person in the world who can come to me and say, Andrew, you're making a mistake, which never happens because I don't make mistakes. It's Tristan. And the only person in the world who can come to him and say the same thing as me. And I think that accountability requires transparency. So I think that having a shared life to some degree with somebody who you trust to keep you in check is a fantastic thing. And the reason even though I travel the world permanently.  I'm still in fantastic shape, which is difficult to do, by the way, I don't even ever try it. If you go to a new country every two days, it's actually very fucking hard to not eat shit and still find a gym, and boah. The reason I do that, and the way I do that, is because my brother does the same thing. So if he finds a place to do a thousand push-ups, I'd feel like a coward if I don't do it. So now I must do it, because he did it. Right? He's a healthy competition. Absolutely. I think if you live with people, or you interact with people, you have a degree of accountability and healthy competition with, you're gonna excel. I'll give you an example. If you're in a room, let's say you moved into a house, and there's five people who live in a house, and the four bedrooms before you, they're all millionaires. Do you wanna be a broke boy? Aren't you gonna try harder? Of course. Are you gonna be like sitting there over dinner going, hey man, so do you mind just to be five in yourself with? Of course. So everybody knows, everybody will accept, this is actually a miracle that people are still this stupid. It really is a miracle. It's probably the miracle number two to COVID, because COVID proved really how dumb people are. But everybody accepts and agrees that you are the sum of five people you spend the most.  time with everyone will say yeah that's true. But then they won't create who they spend their time with. Yeah. Then they'll go yeah that's true. So do you believe? So why do you hire him in that completely? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because nobody wants to be the bitch, right? If you're in a group of five men you want to compete. It can explain what that rule is because people might not have heard of it. It's you already average of the five people around you, right? Absolutely. You're the average of the five people you spend the most time with. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. If you spend, if you walk into a room full of fucking ice cream experts and all they talk about is ice cream, right? They talk about how to store ice cream, how to make ice cream, the different flavors of ice cream, how to make money from ice cream, the best way to move ice cream, the best packaging for ice cream, etc. Over two or three years, don't you think you're going to end up knowing some things about ice cream? Yeah. All right. So if you and walk into a room full of people who are millionaires, do you understand? Yeah, it's the same thing. You're going to learn how money moves, how it's made, how to hide it, etc, etc. Right? So it's exactly the same thing. So I will sit there and go, yeah, I agree. You're the sum of the people you spend the most time with. I say, okay. So why  hang around with fucking losers. Oh, buddy, it's funny. So you being entertained with his shit jokes is worth you sacrificing your fucking future, the future of your bloodline? I don't talk to losers. I have a lot of people who know me and who I knew, especially before I was very successful, were like, hey bro, let's hang out, and I hang out with them, and they just talk shit. Football, video game, balls. So, all I talk about is money. Well, what the fuck else is here to talk about? I don't give a shit about Rihanna. I don't care. Oh, Amber heard. Oh, she took a shit. Nice. Don't we all. I don't care. I want to get paid. That's all I'm interested in. So everyone I sit and talk to talks about the same thing. And then one's like, oh, how do you make so much money? Because it's all I fucking talk about. It's all I write. Do you think you'll ever retire? No. No. I feel like I couldn't picture you retiring. From what I've spoke to you today, and I just can't see it. But don't you, doesn't every man, if their honest with themselves have a masculine urge for conquest, and before you answer me, I know.  I'm right because even you guys, I know I'm right. Some always right. But even you gentlemen here, you esteemed gentlemen, they're a very professional podcast. You're gonna set up here. This is the best podcast in the UK. And what are the number one podcasts in the UK, by the way? You just nailed it. You just answer my question for me. You check your follower numbers, you check your subscriber accounts, you wanna get bigger, you wanna conquer the internet. You just said, number one, we're biggest, we wanna be the best. This is the masculine urge for conquest. Now there's different levels inside of every man, right? But the masculine urge for conquest is the reason for nearly every single war on the face of the planet. Why did ancient civilizations, melt rocks, make metal, build a sword, then walk in random directions, then in a fucking Google Maps, heard some people over there, only 17 days walk away. If we walk, we can go fuck them up. All right, cool, cool, all right, let's go. Set a fire. Get an army, walk, build a boat. Yeah, get a boat, go over to another country, and just get that, and then you just kill everyone. Yeah, that's right. It's a natural urge to conquer. So for me, the only thing that keeps me alive.  if the only thing I enjoy is conquest. I have everything I could ever want. I have all the money in the world. Money doesn't mean a fucking thing to me. What means a thing to me is just conquering. It's not about the money anymore. It's about the money. What is conquering through though? Okay, so like you're saying conquering money isn't the thing but surely money is the root to conquering. Check TikTok my friend. I've checked out. But what is conquering through that? What is the, I know you said this right? And goal, so like what is the, so yeah, you're right. So physical conquest in and of itself in regards to walking and conquering a country is done, right? You can't do that anymore. But you can conquer the world financially. Sure. You can, you can fiscally conquer the world. This is the reason why people who have money like mine try and get more money. It's not to have more money to buy things. It's to buy people to buy influence to buy power. Every single government in the world is run by the money behind it. All the lobbying. Why do you think all these government, why do you think all these companies give money to the American government? Because they give a shit about politics. No, they want to control what's said. Control what's done. Corporations run America. It's all about conquest.  When you look at someone like Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, people like that, would you say they are not necessarily a good girl? He's trying to conquer space. He's bored of earth. It's all about conquest. He's trying to conquer Twitter. He wants to buy it so he can control narratives. And I hope he does, because the narrative is controlled by people I like. I don't like anybody, but I dislike Elon less than I dislike the people who currently control Twitter, right? He wants to control people's thoughts. He wants to control people's, what they say. He wants to control space. Have you seen the neural link stuff? He wants to control people's minds. What's that? Conquest. Are you conquer the earth? Absolutely. So if you have a masculine drive to conquest, besides making money, what else does it or do? Would you go to space? Because with your money, you could ease of it. You could do it. It's very cheap. It's actually cheap. In comparison to your wealth, it's cheap. It's cheap to go to space for you. Would you go to space? Bro, you know what? We always talk about this in a podcast. Me and Cal have done this million times. I'm trying to chip some massive advocate space. I'm ready to go. Yeah, because I'm ready to get up. It's fucking plans, man. That's my friend. You're into that.  And I drew I don't make this up into many people but I'll take you with me. Yeah, thank you And I appreciate it. So when I went out my trip to your networks will be out of this fucking shit All you know, I agree and we'll take over Mars. I just mixed Red Bull cranberry and vodka Is that not the most disgusting thing you've ever taken? No, yes See you boy. I don't why not just finish the fucking Red Bull vodka true I'll come out of the scene one more friend. That's right No, I I'm very good at I I exist where I belong Yeah, you know what you know who I laugh at the most people to get bit by sharks I laugh and laugh. Oh you lost your life physically. Oh peg leg fuck you Why are you why are you in the ocean? Oh? Fucking bit by a shark. Why is that like the low it? Humans humans a from earth though I've just I've come across this I'm not drunk. I know listen listen. I can listen in I came across a strong conspiracy recently and you know me  I'm trying to space big fan of alien. I've got an alien tied on my ankle. That's as I believe. Okay. Because it's embarrassing to me that we sit here on this planet. And you know you talk about conquest and all this, taking on a planet. The embarrassing thing is that we just sit there and think we're important. We're nothing. Your life, everything that you're built into what is not important, my friend. In significant. We're insignificant to the greater picture. Aliens are out there, the bigger, the better. So where do we come from then? We, this humans on this planet, they're not from Earth. We came from a different planet. I'm convinced that we destroyed the planet that we came from. So, but we mastered interstellar travel and we came to this planet. I agree. And then, and then you know what's gonna happen? Let me drop another. Here's what's gonna happen. We're gonna do the exact same fucking thing. We're gonna get to the point where Elon was, wow, he masters interstellar travel. We can leave, we can go to Mars, whatever. But this planet's dying. And guess what, we'll kill this planet. We'll fucking, we'll take anything from the soil. It's gone. All fossil fuels are gone. This planet will die. And then we'll go to another planet.  will die there. And then we should go back to a really ancient, you know, we'll go back to Cape Monster, and it'll happen again. I'm telling you, what's the next planet we're going to then? Listen, I don't know that. Well, Elon Musk is the man to decide that. Or maybe terrific. What are their girls in space? Do I have to bring my friends? No, you got to bring your own. Oh, then I need to get the bigger space. There's alien women for you. All right, all right. I'm not going to need a bigger space ship, more seats, you know, but... Listen, listen, you give me your net worth and we'll make something happen. We can do this. No, the problem is with space, and I know what you're saying, the point I was trying to make about sharks is that I don't really like to exist right now. When someone says to me, oh, I lost my leg in a shark attack, you kind of deserve that. You're in the shark's house. Yes. Like, if you walk in my house, I'll take more than your leg, you'll pussy. I don't know you. I don't know you. Great white shark doesn't know you. Doesn't know your name. Fuck you. You went into the shark's house to go paddle boarding, thought you were something, lost a limp. Welcome to the real world. Me and sharks have a really good deal. It's really interesting. I never fuck with sharks in their house. And the sharks never turned up to my house It's weird. It's crazy.  It's weird you never had a shot to never want shot to my call never once I've never come to my house. I don't know it's weird. So I've never a nerve space I never know you don't go in the ocean now fuck no, so not even jet skater. You're not even in Swimming pools are nice crystal clear. I can see in them because he was in there. I stay in five star resorts my friend private He's got this he did save it. I go in the fucking ocean. No sir. No, are you scared of the ocean? No It's not about scared is that if a shark I'm I'm a I'm a proud guy a shark bites me. I don't have to bite him back You go I got I get laughter You've got what I've got if I can't see if I can't see What's below in the water I don't go in the water correct? That's why that's it if I if the water is dark I won't go in yep, but it's any gonna And you know what I'm gonna actually talk about this  because I'm mixed race. Not many people know my ethnicity. They go, oh, you're look Brazilian or Spanish, they're the, my father was one of the best African-American chess players in history. So he was a grandmaster of chess. But my father's dad, my grandfather's black, and my grandmother's half black. So that makes my father three quarters black, one quarter white, and my mother's white. So I'm like a third black. So I'm a little bit less than half, right? But I have one side of my family that's completely black. And one side of my family is completely white. And not to make stereotypes of any type. But there are certainly activities in the world that are for white people and activities in the world that are for black people. And I asked my cousin, I said to him, bro, why do black people not like do extreme sports and shit? He's like, bro, being black is already extreme. Life's extreme. Like I don't need to jump. Have you ever seen a black man parachute in? Do you see a black man swimming with sharks? Do you see a black, like, none of this shit? So it's true. It's true. You're like a cow. What do you say? Life's extreme. Yeah, life's extreme enough out here on the streets. So like the black.  I can't do it when someone goes hey bro when the white guy comes up he goes hey dude Hey, dude, this is me by the way, this is me. I'm saying you want to go scuba diving. Yeah, yeah, hey dude bro You want to go with the sharks bro dude? Yeah, we can go dude bro. We can go scuba diving the mic There's a shark bro. This is me. I'm like what the fuck no wait So you're telling me you're not scared of 99% of things on this planet But you're scared of going in water key the key to life is to know where your strengths and know your weaknesses I am strong on land now if it was me in a shark in the water it'd be 50 50 I don't like them If you're in the wall with a shark listen, I know you're a four times kick boxing world champion But I promise you there's no I'm biting him back. I haven't it the shark to be the only shark with a bite bite wound From tape he'll be walking around shark land like how do you lose a limb?  Fuck the tank. Fuck the tank. Don't fuck with the fucking dawn, fuck the tank. I've got that. I've got that. I'm stuck in that. That's probably right. I got back in. I got back in. I haven't it. I ain't letting you bite me and get away. I ain't no pussy. I ain't no pussy. That's why when you see white people in the ocean, I swear to God, some of us are friends with some of these sharks. Have you seen them? They'll stroke the sharks. Yeah, just, you lost your fucking minds. The black of me will not do that. So I don't like going where I don't exist. Same thing with kind of space, right? I don't go in the ocean. Sharks don't fucking me out of fucking sharks. Like, as much as I loved Steve Irwin, he's a G. But like, stingray, like, what the fuck? You, that wouldn't have happened in the middle of Sydney downtown, brob. It would have been fine in Melbourne. Why did you go in the fucking war or why? I got this. Push in the limits. Push in the limits. Push in the limits. You have to know your place as an individual. But you push the limits as well. I do, but I push the limits where I have some kind of control. Like, even against a tiger, right? Even against a tiger. Oh, you beat my tiger in a scrap. I beat 50-50, bro. I got, I got 50. 50 is always...  50 50 with you with the with the most aggressive animals shark 50 50 Tiger 50. Okay. No, if sharks 50 50 then tigers like like 64 To me Yeah Bro, I'm a man but I'm a it's a world of men Andrew Andrew Andrew how long are you? Well, no, so you're in England right now. So you have at least couple days. Yeah a couple days. Yeah We're going for a week. Yeah, we're going for dinner Andrew. Let's do it. Yeah, yeah, we're family now. No What's the family dinner? It's a family reunion Andrew. It's my first time. I'm a deal with you. I'll be paying Don't you worry. I appreciate that because you know money's low. Yeah, I appreciate that. Thank you I got our vibe today, you know, you know, I got a lot of fuel jet fuels expensive. It is just gone out It's a lot of me let me at least come say and get the dinner tonight Thank you. I'm sure for the for the cars. It's like that. Would you bring whatever look into owning exotic pets? Do you own any exotic? Oh, it's a good one. Because some some of the some of the wealthiest well respected people in the world own Mike Tyson a fucking tiger like you know what I'm saying and I was saying people  We knew in the people we knew in the buy they owned the tigers and they have loads of crazy shit I would love to but the problem is I'm never home and I feel like it would see me as a stranger Yeah, I'm home maybe three or four days a month. I'm never I'm never home So it would add that to be a stranger like I have my dogs I have five dogs and I actually give a lot of money Remaining has a lot of stray dogs and I rescue stray dogs So I've rescued maybe a hundred dogs so far so I take them off the street I Give them the injections they need I might cut you up on my feet until they find a home Yeah, I have a little cherry so that's it. I didn't that's my I didn't know that I look after dogs because dogs have pure hearts Yeah, and even if they even if a dog attacks you as with a pure heart I've had dogs bite me right but even if it bites me as with a pure heart It's not like with a malice intention. It's just a lot of defense. Yeah, it's like so I get it So I respect dogs. I like dogs so I have I have five dogs myself. I can't have any more because I keep fucking fighting But um, I love dogs, but they know me and dogs remember me But I feel like a tiger wouldn't I don't trust her to remember me. Yeah, I'm barely home  like my schedule, it's kind of crazy. I said at the beginning of this year, I said to Tristan, no matter how much money we make, no matter how many opportunities we have, no matter what the party is and about it, we're not leaving Romania, we're gonna stay where we live, we're living our mansion and drive our cars, having a nice life. And it just so far, so good. It doesn't work out that way. I've been home 15, 16 days, it's beginning of the year. I never had. Is there any part of you that feels that you need to relocate in terms of your main base? If you're moving around that much, do you even really have a place that you call home at the moment? No, I basically live out of a suitcase. I live in hotel rooms. Yeah. And is that how you actually want to live? To me, that isn't appealing. I understand that, but there are certain things you can do that make it a lot more tolerable. So the first thing is that private jets are basically time travel. Because if you fly on a commercial jet, let's say you have to go from London to Romania, right? Let's say you're flights at midday. You get the air.  at 9.30 or 10 a.m. You stand the line so you fly at 12, you land it two or two days. Four days. Yeah, an hour check to get your bag that is a full day gone. It was a vitally for mainly in come to England. If I say my jets at eight, I get the airport at 7.59. Yeah. I go on the J, I land at 8.30 or 9.30 UK time and I'm in the car on the M5 at 9.31. And you can go back that you can go back a couple hours if you want. I go four countries in a day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So one thing is time travel. I call it time travel because it helps, especially if you sleep on the plane. If you're like me and you barely sleep at all, I'm awake every country I go to and I sleep only when I travel. So it's like you don't fucking notice. That's the first thing that helps a lot. Second thing if you have a good network every go the war room helps me always have security River. I always have a basic shit bar. But all that kind of crap where I go. But yeah, the world's a big place. There's a lot of opportunity, a lot of places and I need clones. I'm at a point now with my empire where I wish I had five Andrews, but only one Andrew Well, you got one right here. Chiptake. Right. I'll be here. I'll be sending you to the Bible. Brothers from Goldie. Well, the  I'll be by your side on that. By the way, dinner tonight, don't you forget about it. So 8.30, if you're better clear, whatever you've got in your schedule, don't care. I don't care who it is, I'll book it with that tonight. Argy. I have a question. Obviously, now that you are more prominent on this online space, particularly with a younger audience now. And someone that we're close to is JJ KSI as well, as following that whole fighting bananza around that. And my question is, what do you think about these sort of exhibition fights in the entertainment they bring? And then also, how do you think you would fare in some of this stuff? Right, so I made a video that called out Jake Paul. It's on my YouTube channel. And I called him out when he insulted Connor McGregor. Genius, by the way. Thank you. Well, I was saying, Jake Paul's a genius. Oh, I feel like he is in a way to me. When I look at Jake Paul, I feel like what he does is very similar to you. The man is, he says what he wants, absolutely anything he wants. And people hate him for it. But people talk about him.  He's monetized attention. Yeah, essentially, yeah. He's monetized attention. And when I made the video, I really dislike Jake Paul. Now, I don't dislike him, I understand him. I want to make something clear. I would still kick the living fuck of Jake Paul. I'm not some washed up UFC fighter. I'm not smaller than him. I would beat the living shitha, and if he wants to fight I'll fight him any day of the week, and I'll fucking wreck him. And he knows that. However, I do understand what he's doing. I understand that he is very, very smart, even with his marketing angle. I'm just a YouTuber. And we're not just a YouTuber. You're a full grown man with the best coaches in the world who's dedicated his life to learning how to box for years. You know how to box. You're not a complete amateur. You know how to box very well. Three, four, five years of training combat sports. You can box. The guy's not a jackass. And the fact that he puts his spit on it is very, very smart. And he's also very, very smart when he attacks Dana White saying they underpay fighters to get the fighters on his side. Yeah. He's very, very clever. I'm not gonna disregard what he's doing. I beat Shaub, the dude, and he knows that. And I don't think he'd really...  taken to elegance me. He'd rather take an elegance a UFC legend or something. He can someone he knows it can be. Would you say? Yeah, yeah. Or, or, but even even if he loses, so let's say a UFC legend, he has an excuse, right? Yeah, but it's my fourth fight. If you have a UFC legend there, but if it's a if it's the kickboxer, kickboxing is not mainstream. That's why that's why I think he's incredibly smart. Like he's taking a bag as wood Lee and it's like, oh, look at Woodley. He's, um, he's one of UFC's, you know, biggest. I mean, yeah, but he's not, he's not a boxer. He's a UFC, but you know, he's, you know, he's, yeah, he's, he's, he's, he's coming off the end of his career, but like he said Andrew, oh, if I beat him, I look amazing. But if I lose, oh, he's a UFC legend. That's right. He's smart. If he put an offer on the table, would you fight him? I'd keep the living fuck out of Jake Paul. So you do it. I saw, I saw you made an offer recently on T, well, of course, Tits are always, but I saw you made an offer to Jake Paul. Three million. Was it three million? Three million. I mean, Jake Paul probably probably might be richer than me, maybe. I don't know. I have a hundred M. I don't know how much he has. I would say I don't think he is rich in the industry. If you've got, if that's what you've got, I think Jake Paul.  It's close. All right then, Jake Paul. Why didn't you open the offer? All right then, Jake Paul. Well, I make money in the real world. I don't make money just on the internet. I have some real businesses. I do some real things. I make a lot of real money. I offered him three million at the time. I don't even think it's about money for him. It's about credibility and fame. Yeah. And I know that because he has enough money to not care about money. Same as me, right? So it's not even just about the money. It's about credibility and fame. And I think that him fighting me is a massive risk for him. He knows that. I'd love to fuck out the guy because I'd love to fight. And that's the difference between me and everyone else who's fought so far. I'm not some desperate guy who at the end of his career needs a paid. Who needs the money, yeah. No, no, I would genuinely dedicate my life and I would treat him like a professional and I would destroy him. I could have destroyed all the professionals of our fall. But I understand what he's doing. He's a smart guy. I get it. And unfortunately, not, I change it. Not unfortunately. Fortunately, the role we live in today now is very, very much about attention. Monetizing attention is the way to get rich in general. It doesn't matter. He's taking his attention, turned it to boxing. But he could have done the same thing with race car driving, could have done the same thing with basketball, anything. And the fact he chose fighting, which takes some genuine.  I actually respect I actually respect he gets into rings. It's not an easy thing to do. It's a scary thing to do I respect the guy for that and I see him as someone who knows what he's doing. And it's a smart guy Get the fuck out of him, but yeah, I get it. I get it I would love to see Escort. I would love to see you fight one of like I would love to see a fight because I've watched your high I like to see like an event. I actually watch one of my I Can I get reload do that again go for it? I this is a sit-top waiting with a million to I I think I think that one of the biggest ways to like you said a gay Net or sort of tension people want to see fighting right people want to see And that's what I feel like boxing almost lost this touch as well is because it It lost the the ability to resonate with people like us. It was so polished so clean I know this and that's why someone like Jake Paul someone like even KSI stepping in and almost seems like the guy next door is now jumping  on a main stage and it provides that relatability and that's exactly what's happened here. And so, I don't wanna say it's like the future boxing because it's not, there will always be the best boxers fighting the best boxers will always stay at the top. But this is a massive, massive shift in the way combat sports should be looked at. And it is entertainment first. I agree with you, it's entertainment first. And also like when you have two of the best fighters in the world fighting, sometimes it's not that entertaining. Whereas when you have amateurs fighting, it's always entertaining. And yeah, from an entertainment perspective, I understand what he's doing. I think he's been around for a long time. I think he trains very, very hard. You think if he loses one stone, it's done. I don't know, that's what we're gonna see the test of who he is, right? I've had 87 fights nine losses. And it's hard to fight after a loss. Yeah. If he gets knocked out bad, bad. If he loses on points, whatever. But if he gets knocked out bad, it's gonna be hard for him to get back in there. You ever been knocked out cold? I've been knocked out cold once. We actually... What was that like? Like what is... Only once in 87 fights, which is good for a cold. I wouldn't say...  it hurts. You don't really remember much. It's much like a dream. Do you remember being annoyed? Did it happen? No, you're furious afterwards. Really? Yeah, of course you are. We were one of our best friends, Ali, actually got knocked out by Jake Paul. He thought we traveled all the way to Miami. We was like, I was like, this is it. Gabe has finally got put on into Jake Paul's ring. He's going to make him look like a fucking mug. He steps in the ring, credit to Ali now because he's a lot better. But he had this tactic where I don't know if you've seen this fight or it's called Aniston Gabe. What was it? The crab? Well, people called it the guy. Anyways, he had a style that for some reason just we've never seen this before. When the light and the pressure was on, you did something completely different. I'm sure that it happens to people. We've seen it happen. Even at top level stuff, it's like you go in with a game plan and it just got me just what you were talking about that is what I was trying to reference anyway. He fought, lost Jake Paul and it was humiliation.  for him of course because he trained so hard he got pretty bad. It was like, well, he's in the round first round. Something like that. It was easy for Jay Paul. He came back the next fight and he absolutely fucking battered like this. That's another tick tock out. A big one as well. Taylor Holder and he absolutely fucking smoked him and what you know what's crazy? It gets him back because at the end of the fight, what was it? It was a draw. But it blatantly wasn't it? You know what? The whole thing is now when fucking his saying saying does no way. It's not a draw. Because they went so crazy, the actual, you know, what was it? Organization went back, checked it and say, you know what? No, Ali did win. Yeah. And they had to have you experienced much corruption in like that fighting. Yeah, there's a fight world, of course. Yeah. Triple G and Canal when you beat him. Yeah. There's corruption in the fight world. Of course, like there's corruption everywhere. Yeah. If government corrupt, fight world's corrupt. You just want to be able to play. Yeah, everything's whatever makes money, right? Yeah, it completely. And this is what always amazes me when people say governments aren't corrupt. I said, look, if you could go outside and play basketball right now for 10,000 pounds, but you could.  you could cheat. Would you cheat? Be honest. For 10,000 bucks. I didn't get my believe in my bill either. I know, let's say 10,000 pounds in a basketball game. Let's say us three could go out and play three professional NBA players. Okay, basketball. Yeah. Yeah. For 10 grand, 30 grand, 50 grand, whatever. But we can affect the scoreboard, we could cheat, and nobody will know. Would you cheat? I would have to, I'll tell you. You're not gonna fight me in the end. Even if you don't cheat to win, would you cheat to at least make it like you could? I don't know. No, no, no. Here's what would happen. Because people know, obviously not gonna win. So I would cheat if it was a certain amount of money. Because if I'm stepping in there, and you go to me, you go, Andrew, all right, look. It's got to be a life-changing amount. You go to me, Chip, listen, we'll get 10 grand, I'll be like, what? Like, you know, I won't say. What, what, what, what, what, what? But my point is, if people will consider cheating on something so small, you got you, then you think they're not gonna cheat on the biggest fight in the back, actually, the world. Who controls countries? Yeah. They're not gonna cheat when it comes to who controls a government. So, you know when, so obviously.  boxing is renowned as one of the most corrupt spots. Wherever there is money, there is corruption. So who is it? You think of football? Top level football. All of it. So who is it? So like let's say, Cannell and you got Triple G that are doing the third one, right? And we know that the, like he got beat off him and it was corrupt and he got the win. Who is it that pays the judges to make Cannell away? It's not me, the bookies. Who's the one? Is it Cannell's team? Is it the bookies? Who is it? I think you're looking at it wrong. It's not so much about people paying. It's about keeping interest in certain organizations and certain things. So if Cannell, OK, Cannell just lost to Bible, right? But if Cannell wins, he's undefeated. So his future fights will get a lot more pay-per-views because he's undefeated. So it's good to score as a whole. So I don't think it's not as similar as, look, you lie. It will give you X. It's not about that. Every single person on earth to some degrees bias, you, me, all of us were biased, right? And if you give any of us control or influence over anything, our natural...  biases are going to influence it. Right? Yeah. So if you're a boxing judge and you know that boxing as a sport is dying Yep, and you know that the only people who used to sell pay-per-views were floyd and how he's gone and now canelo And he only sells because he's undefeated and you care about boxing and you love boxing Do you want canelo to stay undefeated? It's not even about money. Yeah Yeah, you know, I mean it's like your natural bias Now he's always been taken away. He's now no longer undefeated Is that like a point of where whoever's controlling this boxing world has gone now's just time to make sure that canelo Is no longer undefeated is it does that is that how it works? Is that was just something more to it or what at canelo's level not so much at lower levels boxing and all fighting is very Dirty sport because if you don't sell tickets or you don't Yeah, they don't interested so I know a lot of guys who are very very good fighters But because they're very quiet people and they have no show business aspect They can't sell tickets. They can't get fights I don't want to watch a guy that is post fucking fight interview is him. Yeah, I really enjoyed the fight  No one does, right? So if you have a guy with a big mouth, do you want to put your guy with a big mouth who sells tickets against a quiet guy who is really good but you know it's going to smoke him and kill your cash man. No, never, never, never. So it's all like that. So look at Conor McGregor, right?