 People say poor guy that insults me. I despise sympathy. I Love that so people message us all that a hard year what you want us to feel sorry for you We don't feel sorry for you. You had opportunities. I'm not some victim. There's nothing poor about me That is a winner's mindset. There's a winner's mind. So you've had plenty of chances this year You're breathing. You're sitting there. You have food to eat. You're inside of a building which is heated most likely You're alive and you're breathing you've had plenty of chances. Yeah, well, what I'd like to say I'd actually like to bring another one of our personal friendship group motos into 2024 and I want to have more people saying it. It's a saying that we use to inspire Strength of mind in our own group of friends as a reason I live with my brother and I live with a few other key alpha male characters who I adore and love like brothers and the reason is because we all keep each other sharp We all keep each other in check and one of the things that I think I invented which I think is absolutely beautiful And you should all start doing it to your own friends is this quote and you complain that you  your coffee is too hot. My coffee is a lot like me, it's far too hot. What do you want therapy? What do you want therapy? Now, oh, I had a hard day at work. Oh no, my girlfriend's arguing with me. Oh man, I'm really tired, I didn't sleep enough. What do you want therapy? And the reason I say this to my friends is actually to make a very profound point. You sitting there and talking to me about how sleepy you are, isn't going to fix anything. This isn't a therapist's couch where you're gonna lay back and talk about how sleepy you are. And you're gonna hear some magic words for me that are gonna fix your problem. I don't care if you've argued with your girl, I don't care if you've lost your job. Sitting there and bitching about it to your friends is just dragging them down and you're dragging yourself down by extension. And when you all become this big circle jerk of sympathy suit. What's the little bit? It's a circle jerk of sympathy. It's a circle jerk of sympathy. And you all sit around, oh man, that must be hard for you. Oh man, I feel better. I'm quite tired too. Yeah, I lost my job too. What do you want? Therapy? Do you?  want therapy or not because I'll call a therapist. Otherwise, take action. It means take action. Don't say they're bitching about your problem. So I'm on every single young man when you're sitting around your group of friends next time and maybe a 13, 14 just played a nice game of soccer. That's what it's called, not football. And someone springs their ankle and they're like, oh my ankle really hurts. What do you want therapy? Take action and do something about it because saying they're bitching about your problems isn't a real thing. So I want every single young man to inspire that in your group of friends. Talking about your problems isn't going to solve anything. Now, however, people do have real problems. People have to deal with their real problems. And if you are a friend, please do help your friends out. But if it's meaningless sympathy seeking, hit them with what do you want therapy. Use that one in 2024. The winner's new year. There's going to be a person riot. There's going to be chaos. And that leaves a huge opportunity for you to finally escape your cell and live a life worth living because sooner or later, you're going to be locked into permanent and never ending obscurity. And it is the worst existence a man can be forced to  endure. I assure you, in your late threase, your four-ease, your fifties, when you still don't matter, when nobody cares about you and what you think and what you say and how you feel, you will be mad that you didn't use all of your masculine essence, all of your youthful power trying to escape. The prison riots won't last forever. Soon they're going to get that place locked down and you're going to be stuck in yourself for the rest of human time. And then because everyone's broke, because they've inflated your cards, you threw the moon, because they're too busy funding proxy wars, you have to drink top war because you got four sparkly war like top G and you're not forget the top war, which turns you gay. It's a game on, you're being chemically socially engineered. So absolute credit, absolute credit to famous news and Matthew there for telling the truth and highlighting this story. I have said before, these male feminists, these people who sit there and pretend to champion women. I said in my final message, have no genuine concern for women. They are just simply trying to...  to weaponize an issue because they dislike me. And what does has done, perhaps is the most heinous and disgusting of crimes on the face of the planet today. Not only did he start to tweet out and pretend that women had come forward about me to him. Why would women come forward to a fat video game dork? For no reason, why would women who have known me ever know a complete and utter loser like Das Black? Why would they come to you instead of law enforcement? Nobody gives a fuck about you, Das Black. So that was a lie. You lied on Twitter with tweets and clickbait to pretend that women had come forward and then made a video slandering me when no women had come forward, said you can no longer show the evidence when no women had come forward because they didn't fucking exist. And sat there and tried to pretend that I was a danger to women all the while. Speaking to 13 year old...  old girls yourself. You must be absolutely arrogant and narcissistic to the point of disgust if you believe that God Himself is going to allow you to accuse an innocent man with false narratives of a crime you are yourself committing and there will not be serious repercussion. And when I say serious repercussion, please take my word as a man, one of the tenants, which I spoke about earlier, was to mean what I say and say what I mean. The repercussions for your actions will be larger than you can possibly imagine. Larger than a little bit of de-platforming, larger than some internet bullshit, my friend. Because you thought that clicks on YouTube were worth trying to vilify an innocent man while yourself are talking to underaged women. A woman has come forward about Das Black accusing him of being a pedophile, not a single woman.  has come forward about me. And karma is real. It is a real thing. My message to this girl is that what happened to you is not your fault. Dad is a predator and he's a sick individual. The reason Dad did what he did is because he knows he is a repulsive individual. He is physically repulsive because he is grossly overweight. He shows no self-control because he can't stop eating. And that is probably something that most women find absolutely repulsive a man with no self-control. He is a danger to women as I identified before you came forward. For this reason, I personally offer you a cash reward. I will personally offer you half a million pounds in cash in your name because I am a man who believes in bringing light to the universe. I believe in doing the right thing for people who have been wronged as per my tenants I previously outlined. You have half a million pounds for me even though I am not responsible for the fucking disgusting acts that pedophile did.  I will still do my best to make the world a better place. Secondly, I offer you full legal support and full legal counsel. I want you to know that QCs, the best lawyers that exist on Great Britain, on the Isles themselves, will take Das Black and destroy him from every fucking angle, for not only slandering me while he is himself committing a crime, but for committing the crime itself. You have a criminal case, but the criminal case will only put him in jail. You need also compensation from this man who abused you. I now want my final messages for Das Black himself. I have always acted in a way where I knew God was watching. I thought, I can't do that. God will see it. And if God sees it, he will punish me for it. Maybe not now, but sooner or later, he will put somebody on the face of the planet with the intention, with the will and with the capability to punish me for doing such a thing. That's why even when I...  was in private. When nobody was around, I was such a nice person. I was good to other people. That's why even 10 years ago when I told a girlfriend goodbye, I didn't a respectful manner. And here we are with reporters contacting these girls trying to make them come forward and they won't. Because I've always been nice knowing that God is watching and the world is cyclical. And what goes around comes around. I have been acting with integrity and honor for such a long period of time that despite the absolute fucking hit piece that the matrix has constructed and attempted to attack and destroy me with, despite all of the false narratives they've yet to dig up a single female on this planet who will come forward and say I'm a predator. Whereas you, the complete fucking opposite has happened. Das Black, it is my intention. And my intention is very strong because I have a lot of time, a lot of money and a lot of friends to ensure that you pay the price for your fucking disgusting crimes. I think there's nobody alive who would argue with the fact that talking to a  13 year old girl for any reason is fucking vile. Not only is it illegal, it is morally rehensible. It is more disgusting than your appearance itself and I swear with God as my witness you will pay. So what I was effectively saying is that the world we live in now, even though you may be constrained, you're in a jail, but there are security leaks, there are problems with the security systems of the jail. And I see 2024 much like a prison riot. A riot is coming in which you will have a chance to escape. Now in prison riots, some people break out and some people die. But the system isn't operating as it normally should, which gives you opportunity. Chaos and opportunity are the same thing, depending whether you're prepared for them or not. If you're not prepared for chaos, it's purely chaotic. If you are prepared for chaos, it is opportunity because there is a hole in the matrix. Something is broken. And a prison riot is how I would describe 2024 and I just I explain to you that you need to prepare your mind, prepare your  body, be ultimately perspicacious and prepare for this riot so that when it finally happens when the chaos comes on your doorstep, you can be the kind of person who escapes to jail as opposed to the kind of person who ends up dead or put back in their cell. Because what happens after every prison riot is there is a security review, things get stricter and harsher and it becomes far less likely to happen again. There's no such thing as a prison riot and everything goes back to normal. There's a prison riot and then it goes back to maximum security. They work out how the riot happened, any breaches, any holes in the security are plugged and the chance of a riot happening again becomes far less likely. So every time you miss the chance to escape, you have less of a chance to escape in future because there's less likely going to be an opportunity for you to escape. And if you're watching this saying, well I don't need to escape, yes you do because as we just seen across the last few years, they're going to ruin your entire life for you to take injections. Lock you in your house, make you a slave. We've talked about this on all the emergency meetings. We've talked about how AI is going to replace the most  of you, you're useless eaters, you're not important, you're not going to get a girlfriend, you're not going to get a little bit of a great, you're not going to have a house, you're going to get bugs, we talked about the carbon credits, carbon boss, we talked about all of these things. So you do need to escape. And 2024 is going to be a year where you can't escape because so many bad things are going to happen. And the reason I said it was going to be chaotic years because of the 2024 presidential election, but actually learned something very interesting this morning, before I began this drive, which had me pondering for six or seven, we have a pie, we split it 50, 50, half and half, we give it to you, but then you measure it and you weigh it. Ah, there's one gram difference, okay, you fixed that gram, then you weigh it again. Ah, not point, not not one gram. Ah, your spoon is like, I measured it with a laser and your spoon is bigger than mine. After I've analyzed it with a laser, your spoon is not point, not not four percent bigger, we need to fix this. Where's the legislation? Ursula, can we fix this? It's garbage. There's no such thing as a quality. Someone wins, someone loses in all scenarios on the planet. That's how it goes. You're America first, all you care about is winning. So there's other countries that are going to have to pay the...  price for America's winning. That's how it's gonna go. And Europe is now gonna pay the price for America's winning along with Africa and Latin America and Russia and China because Trump has no interest in talking to these psychodeurocrats in Europe. So what do I need to do is I need to get a white board. I don't have one because I'm here in Transylvania. You know like when you see the FBI put together those boards and they're trying to work out where the suspect. I need somebody to put one of those boards together for me. They're using feminism and they're doing the name masculine capability to be brave on purpose. That's one part of the board. When they do that they allow fear to have a larger impact on society. That's on the board. We have the fact that the world is becoming more fearful. We have the fact that self-interest no longer sells when you want to take away somebody's rights or you want to come along and dop somebody. So you have to now scare them. So they're increasing the fear graph because they no longer use self-interest. They're not gonna come along and say I am good for you. They're gonna come along and say I can keep you safe from the big bad wolf and they're gonna use fear to then...  try and alter the populace and to voting elections. All of the elections are happening at the same time. They're happening in 2024 for all of the world that matters. You're not gonna go and live in South Sudan, so you don't have to concern yourself with their elections. To concern yourself with the elections of countries you can name where you know where they are. The countries that grow your food, the countries that supply your labor force. Yeah, the countries you live in, countries you owe money to. And basically all of those are having elections in the same year, the same time the people who are in charge of the world, who are truly in charge because they own all the global finance, are losing control of the information monopoly, and then need to get governments in charge for regulation to lock everything down. We've talked about the fact that if one country does this, they'll be seen as tyrannical, and it'll be very difficult for them to uphold the iron wall, because the countries around them will seem so much more free. But if they do it all at once, if they lock everybody down at the same time, it's gonna be easy to pull off. And that's you nailed it.  You know what's so great? You just nailed it because you're right. This is what's even more interesting. We talk about Dubai as a tax-free hub. You just base your business into Dubai. You can base your business into Singapore. Base your business into Japan. You can base your business anywhere. So let's add up some things. Europe has the most regulation. Europe is strictest on free speech. Europe is demographic changing. Why would you base your business inside of Europe when you have the most laws, the most rules, they're the easiest to make mad by having an opinion where they'll take all your stuff and lock you up. Hello Romania, steal all your things and put you in jail for having an opinion online. What kind of common sense individual would even base their business here, especially if they have an international business or an online company? You'll base it in Wyoming and America. You'll base it in Abu Dhabi. You'll base it in Singapore. I have a company in all of those places. How many companies do I have in Europe? Zero, fat zero. Why? Because you fucked up. So you don't get any of my hundreds of millions.  I'll give money to governments who respect entrepreneurship, who may be listened to me, who give me representation to a degree, or like Dubai where I have no representation. I believe in the competence of the leader. I have no representation, but I believe he cares about Dubai. Absolutely, fuck, so how do you fix it? You inspire and foster creativity and innovation and entrepreneurship by deregulating, and you inspire patriotism and convince people to not take a bigger paycheck in Dubai or America by allowing people to have their own nations and not flooding them with free loaders who look different to them. So they wanna pay their taxes and they're interested in staying where they are and doing very good for their country because that's where they were born and they want their children to be native from that nation. That's how you fix it. Now let's talk about it. So we don't have democracy here, do we? Because what we do is, as soon as it comes out with an election result that we don't like, which I've just explained isn't even Russia. We blame Russian influence. At the same time, how is the mainstream media, which is pushing European values all day every day, not election.  How is the mainstream media, which is nothing but pro-EU, not election interference? How is like you just said, all the investment we put in these countries giving the money and buying all of our politicians, not election interference? It's bullshit. Influences is a subjective word. It's garbage. What truthfully happens is, we give people two choices. They're only allowed to pick one. They pick the other one. We play the game again. That's what's really happening, so we don't even have democracy anymore. So here's the thing that's so interesting. You ask me, do I believe in democracy? Well, we don't have it. So the first thing is we don't have it. Second thing, do I believe in true democracy? The idea of purely true democracy, yes, but then this begs questions. I can't answer these questions short because it begs questions. If I lived in a fictional nation that had true democracy, every single issue was voted on by the population. Every day we woke up and we had to tick yes or no on a bunch of issues. Every single person and true democracy was enacted. If that was the case, I would be extremely  protective of my borders. I wouldn't want people coming in who think different to me. I'd now become extremely nationalistic, extremely border protective. Because now, if people come into my country, they can mess it up. Men they love, they fuck men they respect. If she loves you and likes you and doesn't respect you, she will not have sex with you. I have women who respect me and fucking hate me, but they're here every time I call. So if they respect you, they're gonna sleep with you. And this is for being as biological and evolutionary. They fuck men they respect. So how do you make women respect you? Well first you have to be worthy of respect as an individual. There's no hack if you're worthy of respect and worthy of respect. But secondly, you cannot allow blatant disrespect. So if you allow her to blatantly disrespect you and you tolerate that, then you're setting a precedent which means well, why would I respect this guy in the first place? I send this to guys all the time. I've had loads of guys who come to me for like coaching and stuff and they say, you know what my woman doesn't respect me, you done it, done it, done it. And I say look, it's much harder to fix something that's broken than just never let it go wrong in the first place. From the second you got together, you should have been a man. You can be, you haven't got to be an asshole.  You have them all be aggressive. I'll sit with a girl and very politely say, look, if we're going to be in a relationship, if I'm going to take you seriously, we're not going to have male friends. If you want to hang around with a whole bunch of men, then I'm not going to take you seriously. What do you mean you want to take me seriously? I mean, we can fuck, but I'm not going to be, I'm never going to look at you as serious material. The idea, the decision is on you. If you want to be serious, you're not going to talk to those guys. You want to talk to those guys, I'll fuck you sometimes. You decide. And I lay on them. And now if they choose to keep all their male friends, then that means she's chosen new's friendship so for me, which means sooner or later, she was going to cheat anyway. Like how long until she jumps on a new thick anyway? So why would I even be upset about it? But most men are too scared to just put the ultimate them down. And you haven't got to put the ultimate them down or some scary, big, splash way. Just be clear. Look, any woman I'm with who I take seriously doesn't hang around with on the men. So it's your choice. And this is the point. But most men don't say anything. They let it slide and they let it get completely broken. And they come to me and say, well, how do I fix it? It's like, you have to make it not let it get broken in the first place. You need to understand your boundaries and expectations as a man. And you have to set the.  and you have to make sure she complies and sticks to them. And if she doesn't, you're gonna have to find somebody else. And this is another thing I talk about being a playboy. I've lots of guys come to me and say, oh, take, but I don't wanna be a playboy like you. I say, look, if you wanna be happily married, the best thing you can be first is a playboy. Yeah. The best thing you can do, because you're gonna learn a whole bunch of about women. We're gonna have a whole bunch of choices to choose for a wife. If you're stuck with one option, the one chick you met, she might be a dickhead. Some women are just dickheads. You know, some women have been fucked too hard, too many ties, but too many big, scary guys, and then you just don't wanna listen to them. So like being a playboy is important. But yeah, absolutely. For setting your boundaries and stuff and making sure you're not respected, the key is this is a man. This is a bottom, bottom, bottom line. Most men are not prepared to walk away. Yep. And if you're not prepared to walk away, you don't have any weapons. You can see. If she knows no matter what you won't leave, then what weapons do you have? Anything you say, shouting, screaming, yelling, going out away for a few days, whatever. She knows you're gonna come back.  you have no weapons. The second, imagine a girl came to you and she said, no matter what you do, no matter how much you cheat, no matter what, that I will never, never leave. You can almost shit you do. I know I do. So this is the point. So as a man, if you're never prepared to walk away, you're never gonna be respected, respect, and the woman thinking, you know what, you might just leave. Are linked. They have to be there. So you have to mean what you say. You have to let her know, look, there's something that won't tolerate, and if you fuck with me, I'm gonna walk away. And if you walk away and she doesn't chase you, then she's gone. At least you saved yourself a fucking nasty divorce and getting cheated on and all that shit. Just end it then and there and save yourself a bunch of time. But men are too afraid to pull the plug on it because they get addicted to the pussy and they don't believe they can get any more pussy and they all messed up. And this is one of the advantages of being a playboy. I can leave any chick because I got 10 more. So if she doesn't act right, I'll just replace her for the night and I'll feel better by the next day. I go through a break up a week. I'm used to it. I'm gonna give her shit. And it's just like this.  part of the game. So you have to be prepared to walk away as a man. So you have to look at any relationship you're in and say, okay, I'm a nice guy. I love her. She loves me, but I have boundaries and if she thoughts on them, I'm going to have to walk away. That's the truth. Otherwise, you're never going to be respected. Yeah, I call it the absolutely. And then they say, but it's a patriarchy and women are oppressed and they come out with some more garbage. And they entitle women even further into believing somehow that they're oppressed. It's actually really interesting to suppression argument because they say men oppress women. I'm like, why? Or you're oppressive. If you care about something now, they've siled the world into thinking, if you care about a woman, you're oppressive over her. If I say to a woman, I love you and I want you to be safe. You shouldn't be out at night. I'm a bad person. I'm a person. Yeah, I'm oppressing her. My security teams, they were not going there that time at night. Are they oppressing me? Or do they do they care about me? Do they work for me? Me trying my best to keep a woman safe is me working for her. It's me putting in effort to make sure she has a better life. That's me caring. How is that oppression?  Now they're going to try and convince you that caring is a pressure in the modern world in the matrix mind. They want you to have a relationship with a girl and she's allowed to do whatever she wants. She can go partying with other dudes. She can go out and she can drink. She can walk alone at night. She can do all this stupid shit. She can tell you she just want to listen to you because you're oppressive, but you still have to pay for everything for her and constantly entertain her all of the time. Otherwise, you're a bad person. And they want you to sign up to these relationships. And when you end up miserable, they have what they want. A lot of people don't understand that happiness and smiling is also how you resist the matrix. You resist the matrix by just being a happy, contented individual because when you wake up and say, no, I am not as depressed as you want me to be. Because when you're depressed, you're not going to fight for anything. If you're depressed sitting in your room and COVID comes like whatever I'd have got anyway. If you're a happy person living a good life, you're like, not, you can't lock me up. No, I want to do something. So it's all done on purpose. That's another reason they pushed this idea of depression. My biggest ever internet attack at the beginning of my internet fame was when I said depression wasn't real. The matrix got mad. Yes it is. Yes it is.  Everyone's depressed. I'm not. So, why do I want to listen to you? Why do they want people to be depressed? Why do they want you to be broke? Why do they not teach you anything important ever? Why do they want you to be miserable? Why do they not want you to have a happy relationship with a woman? Why do they not want you to care about your own family? Why if you wake up and say, my mom's worked too long. I'm gonna try and get rich so I can pay for her to retire. Will they call you a bad person? That's literally happened to some students in the real world. They're gonna attack you for it. And they're doing it very purposefully because they want you to be a miserable selfish person because if you're ultimately selfish, you don't care about anything outside of yourself, which means you're never gonna resist. And the slave mind requires selfishness and it requires unhappiness. You need to be a very happy person who cares about other people. The matrix can't stand that I feed children. They hate me for it. When the BBC sit down with me, they're like, yeah, but why do you do this? Why do you do charity? To try and change your image?  feeding kids. Why are you crying? Why are you mad? Why do you care? Why does I offend you? It offends you because if you're a good person doing good things, it makes me smile, it makes them smile. Happiness is outlawed. You have to be depressed and miserable and sad all the time to the point where your own mother can be dying and you're like, oh, why you dying for? I want to go burning, man. This is long. That's what they want. That's the end state they desire from you. Absolute and utter selfishness. You have to care about other people. caring about other people and being happy is how you resist the matrix. Don't band together. Well, I, let's ask a question here, right? So let's imagine there was 10 of us. We're all, we're all boys. One of the guys on the team is depressed. We've tried to hype him up. It's been a whole 10 minutes. He's still being a bitch. Come on, 10 minutes. 10 minutes. Would you hang around with him? It's like, bro, you're going to get us killed or something. You're going to cure yourself. You're going to kill me or bring a negative energy in the room and we now look like a target like all 10 of us.  Let's get out the car, look like soldiers, you're moping at the back. You're making the ops thing, we're easy to rob. Like you're just bringing bad luck. The weaklings, obvious. The weaker, the weaker, you're a weak link to the whole team. We can't have it. So when you're depressed, you can't even find real friends. My friends and the kind of guys will turn up and go, everything's fucked. Let's fix it. It's just shit. She's got a jail, but a matrix attack. Woo! We're happy. Yeah. Because that makes us hard to hurt. If you're miserable, then you're not even gonna have good friends. Because good people don't want to hang around with a bunch of miserable people. It's draining. It's draining and it's boring. So, and especially another thing that people don't understand is, if we're dealing with our own mental problems, our own issues, our own life, we don't want to deal with yours. That's true. Why should we? You're a man, you're supposed to deal with it. Nobody gives a shit. I tell you who doesn't give a shit the most women. Yeah. Go to a woman, say I'm too depressed. I'm too sad to work, sorry. And then start the time until she leaves you. That is literally a countdown though. So, a countdown. It's the rent needs paying, yeah, I'm sad.  I'm sorry I'm sad. We'll soar it when I'm happy. Take the hook. I thought she loved you. No, when you can't provide, she doesn't. You'll see, there is a burden of expectation on you as a man. You're expected to do the impossible all of the time. You're expected to perform regardless of how you feel. And if you don't meet those expectations, you will be forever punished by life, by your girl, by your friends, by existence. There's no other option but to be a G about it. You have to just be a G. It was how did you interest in handle jail? What am I going to do? Not handle it? What does that even mean? I'm not bang my head against the wall. How does that help in any way? You have to just get it done. Is there anything? You have to just get it done. So it's super important. And that's why we talk about the war room. The number of people who joined the war room and said, bro, my life completely changed. I'm like, yeah, I bet it did because you're finally around men who hold you accountable. You can't say I'm going to be in better shape and then turn up at the next meeting and not be in better shape. Yes. Because we will all literally call you fat and say, what? Yeah. We got to actually win a zil. Why you lied to us? You lied to us. You said you were going to be something you didn't do anything about it. We will hold you accountable.  That's how the masculine essence has always been. We don't live in fairy tale lands. We live in a very accountable real-world scenario You'll count me and that's just how it is 100% and what's gonna what's interesting is I try We talk about all these things on purpose because I genuinely believe if you're a man who takes complete responsibility for himself and responsibility for his life or responsibility for the people he cares about You know you need to become a strong and rich and successful as possible in the process of doing all of these things You're not gonna do without strong network. You're gonna find a network of brothers They're gonna hold you accountable and by the time you get to the end of all these things you're gonna end up naturally resisting evil Yeah, naturally because this is the only end state is to get to a point where you go No, this is wrong because I am protective of my women protective of my children And the what things are trying to teach to the world and society are genuinely wrong Yeah, and that's how you resist them. So if you want to you can be an atheist if you're stupid enough That's fine, but if you do enough good and you're actually trying to self-improve you're gonna end up finding God and doing God's work Just by being a fantastic man anyway Yeah, yeah, and that's why I don't give a shit about all this internet drama all this garbage None of these people are actually genuinely trying to serve God the drama is kind of actually genuinely make the world a better place That at the end of it, what have you actually?  done. And you have to decide, yeah, completely. And you have to decide if you want to just be entertained by a clown show or if you want to actually genuinely improve your life. And if you want to genuinely improve your life, I'm going to play the clip again, in case anyone missed it, pen and paper, because I'm going to do an email on this tomorrow about all the topics we discussed in the war rooming. And I want you guys to once again pay attention and understand that if you were in the war rooming, if you were here at my house, with other war remembers, we raised $293,000 for take pledge. We fed children, which is a huge, carmic bonus. And then you paid attention to these lectures and we talked that length for over two days. We were speaking, spoke cigars, having a barbecue, chilling, talking about the most important things in life. But the way before when we first launched, and he was like, I spoke to a student who paid for $49, and he's not rich. She only made $6,000. What is that? I take down. What's the factor on $49,000 to $6,000 in return on your investment in a mum? Bullshit. But you're right. People say that, but they don't really have ambition because if they're truly ambitious, they'd go get that $10,000 a month first.  They're not ambitious. They're trying to hide their laziness behind ambition and it happens all the time Especially with trying to hide their laziness behind this quest for knowledge. Well, I want to know more You know I get you know what else is big for this Bitcoin so Someone came to me the other day and said should they buy Bitcoin because obviously it's moving now I'm like oh bro, you're a bit fucking late Dip shit and you go show my Bitcoin. I said if you want is going to need some advice I was like I don't really give crypto advice because I'm not one of those crypto guys who gives a shit about other crypto guys I'm not like oh I got Bitcoin maybe you buy it too. We can jerk off together. I don't give a fuck I have Bitcoin and if you don't have any fuck you and if you do I'm not your friend anyway You can't come up to me in the street and go and drive Bitcoin You're a fucking nerd. I don't know you I don't give a shit fuck off So I don't when someone says to me. Hey, should I buy crypto my answer is if you want I don't answer if you want Like would you add some yeah, so should I buy it?  I'm not saying that. I'm not being responsible for your decisions. Because if it goes up, I don't get any money. And if it goes down, you cry at me. I don't see what the point of this is. Fuck off. So anyway, go show up at Bitcoin. So if you want, because what I'm undecided, I was like, oh, well, what you should do is make a bunch of money, go work harder, do extra hours in your peasant job so that you have some money you could afford to lose in a worst-case scenario. And then you can buy some Bitcoin and still pay your rent. And then it's win-win. If it goes up, it goes up. If it goes down, it doesn't matter your rent still pay. Anyway, I saw him a few weeks later. He's having really reading about that Bitcoin. I've been looking into Bitcoin and the treasury and all this shit and fucking the fucking blockchain. He's telling me more about Bitcoin than I know. I've got 1000 Bitcoin. I don't even know this. I'm like, bro, you spent all those weeks reading instead of working to try and pretend you were getting closer to your goal of owning Bitcoin. You still have no Bitcoin because you still have no fucking money. It doesn't matter what you read. You don't know. I don't know what you know. And I have all the Bitcoin.  And I don't know what you know. I know enough to know it's a good investment I'm not sitting there fucking measuring the hash rate like a dickhead You are and you have not point one big one You should have gone to work and just bought some so he is trying to pretend he's educating himself But he's not really truthfully. He's just trying to hide his laziness and obscure laziness Behind this thirst and quest for knowledge and that's the way I tweet is on today that's super true I tweeted it and all my girlfriends. I mean sorry my I'm not saying all my girlfriend that fucking all my girlfriend busted All my girlfriends sent me to link to the tweet and they're like is this about me? I'm like, yeah, I'm not tweeted I tweeted my brain SEC countdown on BTC ETF Wearing about 117 staff courtly apprails dealing with international banking problems dealing with the real world dealing with the War room etc. I put a list of things and then I said her brain can we go to the spa Because that's her brain I fancy a spa. I want to go to the spa. I want a spa day  She gets to wake up and just be I fancy the spa. I have to wake up. There's a thousand problems real stress real headache I don't have time to just go to the spa. She has no issues paid for her life's easy if you have to text me say it is about me It's about you 100% Can I go to the spa that's how empty their their lives are when they have a man who they truly care about they ain't got to worry about nothing They're taking care of I've had women say to me the best thing I like I like by being with you because I don't have to think about nothing It's just all done. Yeah, you get to just exist Happy as a man you don't ever get that privilege ever and it's that's just how it's where the sadness comes in and then you end up miserable Because you're a man and you want to have some degree of control You're a man. You should want to be a king at least if you're own house for sure You know the king of your own house. What's the point and even going to work? Why you've been working? Why you been paying for everything and having the king of the house? What's the point? Rob it's a sire So I don't think most men at home understand literally how desperate it is and I say the answer to his male excellence you need to make a whole  you need to get out there, you need to do some amazing things, you need to become that guy. Because there's guys out there who can still pull off living the dream life, I know because I'm doing it. But if your Joe Schmoe is hard, because you're interacting with the average chick, you're the average dude. It's bullshit. It's, I'd be depressed. Depression's real at the bottom, bro. Yeah, nah. We need God more than ever. And you also need God to inspire bravery. If you don't believe in God, how can you be brave in the face of assassination? It's only God. I also believe that God can be proud of you when you do your absolute best. And I don't think many people genuinely do their best in the world anymore. When I say do your best, people say, oh yeah, okay. No, when is the last time you actually did your best? Like, I don't train to run marathons. But I know if I gave my best, I could run a marathon right now, first try. If I gave my best, life depending on it. Once the last time people have read or genuinely given their best to anything, there are people going through the world and going through life today that don't give their best 100% effort to anything ever. Ever. They can't remember the last time they tried. So when I'm sitting in...  a dungeon, I'm singing a Romanian jail cell, I understand it is a chance that God has given me and my ancestors are watching for me to do my absolute best and to show to them that I am the man I say I am. You can't become the most famous man in the world for mental resilience and God not test your mental resilience. I think that would be a very amateur way to view the world that you can now become one of the most famous men in the world who talks about mental discipline and mental resilience and God's not going to test it. I think God's going to come along and say, okay, you want to be Mr. Famous. All right, let's see what you have. So I believed it was a chance to show God and show my ancestors and show my father that I am the man I say I am. It says in the cron just because you believe you think I will not test you. Just because you believe in me, you think you're not going to be tested. And being tested is a great thing for you. That's how God shows love. Because God, yeah, because God's love is a disciplinarian love, it's a masculine love. It's like a father, a father shows love through putting you on the bike, letting you fall over, letting you hurt your knee, picking you back up, putting you back on the bike. That's all father shows love and God is the same. We learn through pain and suffering, which is why...  God gives it to us because God is here to teach us. God is like a father and a father teaches you, I believe, through pain. If a dad wants to teach you how to ride a bike, he puts you on the bike, let you fall off and get hurt, put you back on the bike. Over and over and over until you can ride the bike. God does the same thing. You don't get the lessons you want, you get the lessons you need. Absolutely agree. So I believe that bad things happening to you are a fantastic thing. I believe you need to be strong enough to do with them and then articulate them. Some people only learn the hard way, especially men. God gives us, God's actually very nice, because I believe God gives us a whole bunch of chances to learn a lesson the easy way. It's called life. Of course, He'll give you, think of the harshest lesson. You didn't have to say what it is, but think of the harshest lesson you've had in the last few years. I think of how many times you had the easy way to learn that lesson before it got bad. Think of many times you could have just woke up and go, nah, we don't do it. No, we were going to go like, ah, we're going away with it. It's fine. And then bam, you get hit. There's only two ways to learn lessons, hard and harder. If you're smart, you take it the hard way. Really, it's taking the hardest way.  But there's no easy way to learn lessons. So you're right. I agree with everything you say. And that's how God teaches anyway. That's how God is always going to teach. Because God is a disciplinary and love. I think it says, someone said this to me. I think in school, you learn things and then you're given the test. But with God, you're given the test and then you learn things. And that's the way it works. The thing for me was actually, I guess, a scientific principle. It was Newton's law of equal and opposite force. If there is evil in the world, and I'd like to think we both agree there certainly is. Yes. There has to be an equal and opposite force, which is good. I'd like to think of that as God. Even the idea of God as a notion, even just as a concept, if that idea of God resists evil, then God is real. If you have two islands, you have two people, let's say a ship crashes, and you have two people who swim to two different islands. And one island, they're atheists, savages, and they rip you apart. And the other island, you get there and they believe in God, and they believe they're not allowed to kill you. Even just their idea of God, God saved your life. So I think even just a concept of God in and of itself, enough people believe in and make some do good.  than God must be true and that's the equal and opposite force to the evil of the world. And this is how I view it. So I don't see how anybody with a conscience cannot believe in God anymore. When I sat there and I became religious because I realized there's so much evil in the world, God must exist. You can't equal an opposite force. Like science. Like science. I see so much pure evil. The devil must be ruled, which means God must be real. It's interesting that this is almost proof for God in so many ways when you're going to wake up and realize that there is genuine evil in the world and there's genuine good in the world and there are two sides and two camps. And I do believe that the good is on the side of truth and I do believe that comes from God. And there's many different ways to God. I think there is one God and there's different religions and I don't want to argue the differences between the religions because I think we have a lot more in common than we have, especially in the fight against evil, than we have as differences. I think when you start to analyze people who are atheistic and go, God's stupid. You don't need God. They don't even smart enough to look at the big picture and realize without God there's nothing. You have nothing but anarchy and chaos and I tell you.  When ten armed men turn up at your house, but a gun to your head, you wish God was there You'll be praying then Mr. Atheist Mr. Tough Guy Everything you'll start talking about God and it could have been prevented in the first place if society was preserved If there weren't atheists like you talking godlessly. There's what these clowns don't even understand without God There's nothing it's all a joke. I'm far more embarrassed about all videos. I made that we're anti-god I feel genuinely bad about those much worse than that. I'm doing the absolute opposite I'm trying to push children towards religion. I'm trying to push kids towards God And I feel like Christianity's lost a lot of its presence in recent times and that breaks my heart I'm a Muslim now, but that breaks my heart because people of the book are people of the book And we need more God not less God and I don't care what God you worship if you worship God and you're a good person And it's a shame really that Christianity's reached a point where it's mocked so openly and so publicly in Christian nations that breaks my heart and I think the attraction of  long for me personally and also for a lot of other people now. There's a lot of people who are just tired of being mocked and they want a religion which they respect and other people respect. And you can disagree with Islam all you want and whether you're an atheist or you're Christian and you can disagree with all you want and I'm not an Islamic scholar to argue that point. However I will argue the point that it is the most respected religion on the planet. Nobody openly mocks it without fear. If they do, they at least make sure they're very careful about hiding their face or hiding behind a police barricade whereas people will mock Christianity openly and think it's a joke and I feel like it's time for the Christians to take power back by ensuring that their religion is respected. I mean people often ask why I reverted to Islam and I heard someone say something that you see life and you see other people as you see yourself. So if you're a thief, you think everyone's a thief. You're worried about everyone stealing from you because you would steal in their position. That's how you view the world. So cheaters view. That's how cheaters view the world. And then I was sitting thinking well.  maybe, and of course this just came from my mind. I said, well, maybe you see a religion how you see yourself. Like I see myself as somebody who is feared, nobody would want to mock. I see myself as somebody with strict standards and discipline. I see myself as somebody who stands up for what he believes in and doesn't care if he's assaulted and attacked for it. Maybe that's why it was so appealing to me. And then I'd sit and I'd study and I'd read and I'd realize how close actually is to Christianity. We believe in so many of the same things. And I don't want to get in trouble here because I am not an Islamic scholar in any way. But I've had even other people say to me some Christians so I spoke to start to read the Quran. They're like, it's just condensed. It's like stronger. Yeah. And I think that's what the appeal of it is to me. And I also like having hard yeses and noes. And I believe that if you have a religion where you just accept everything then you believe in nothing. There has to be a line. In life there has to be a line that you won't let someone cross. And with God there should be the same. And my only concern with Christianity and I are  with my brother at length is if God will really truly forgive anything, if you'll truly forgive you doing the most heinous acts you can possibly think of and you repeatedly do them and you won't learn your lesson and you'll do them over and over again and even Christians themselves won't ostracize you. Is that too far? Is that too much freedom? But in general if you look at most Christian countries in the West, it's insane. A man just got charged with a hate crime for removing the head of a devil statue that Satanists had put inside a church and he took the head off it and he is being charged with a hate crime. Him in a Christian country, Christianity has lost all of its merits as a religion. If you do not have strong parameters of what is right and what is wrong and if you're afraid to say them, go to a Christian and say he's homosexuality allowed. Do you agree with it? And they're going to pussy-foot around the question. They're going to say, well, you people can make their own choices called loves that word. The Bible says no. The Quran says no. We're homophobic. The Quran says no.  done. I'm not going to be part of a religion or a here to religion that doesn't test your beliefs because then it's not religion anymore. If you tolerate everything you stand for nothing. So there's only Islam left. Now I'm not going to insult Christians. I believe there's one God and I believe the different religions are perhaps different languages to say the same thing. You can say coffee cup in German. You can say coffee cup in English but it's still a coffee cup. There are different ways to say the same things. But Islam is so much stricter. It's so much more respectable. You can feel it. So if you truly believe in God I don't see how you could not want to be a Muslim. I don't see how you can feel any pride in me or Christian. And that's why I reverted. Not because I'd always believed in God. But I just found the language that made the most sense to me. And I don't see any other language that makes sense. I feel like it's very easy choice for anyone who truly believes in God. And if you don't believe in God and the world we're currently in then I don't know what's wrong with you because God is the only one who can fix this mess. So you better start believing because you better need him. We're gonna need God to  fixed this mess. Because we're going to need a global awakening of consciousness. We need people to realize they've been lied to from head to toe. We need paradigms to break. And when paradigms break, things often get chaotic and messy and wars come before a new paradigm is installed. Isn't that just the rise of vote of empires? Absolutely. And we have to hope that new paradigm being installed is better than the old one. And what we need once again is for people to love each other and care about their community and care about their children and care about one another. And if that's not God, tell me what is. We need God more than ever. You can't replace God with anything else. You can't replace it with money. You can't replace it with government. You're going to need faith in God to win this war. Because it's only faith in God that's going to make you say no. I believe in X. I love my family. I love where I live. God wants me to tell the truth and stand up for what is right. Despite the fact that I am persecuted for it. We need more God. Why are all the people in charge of your world trying to get rid of God? If he's not their enemy. That's the only thing they fear. The only thing they...  is people waking up and saying no, this is wrong, it is morally wrong. And for that reason we refuse. They don't want that. No, they want to make everything subjective. They remove the subjectiveness. You know what's right? You know what's wrong. And for anyone who also doesn't believe in God, if these religions are man-made, why do they go against the wills of men? Man-made religions, why don't their religions tell us to do all the things we want to do and run around and sin? No, so we need God. And I think that he is our last hope at this point. I think the world is very fundamentally broke and the demons operate in the shadows and truth is light and God is truth. And I think the more you speak the truth, the closer you're going to become to God. And that's why I feel good inside of I sit here and tell the truth. Oh God is the final barrier. The final barrier to the slave programming is always going to be God because there's a firm right and there's a firm wrong. They're going to come along and convince us all that the sky is green and it's unfortunate because slowly they're going to win. Right now we laugh at the fact that a man can chop his dick off.  become a girl. We laugh at that. But our great grandchildren won't laugh at that idea. Unfortunately, slowly, they're creeping in and they'll only barrier to this insanity. The final protection is God, the book that says yes and no, simple. So when you remove God from society, you live in Godless societies. Yeah, you have the moral degradation, but it doesn't just destroy the populace, it destroys the institutions of the populace. That's the worst thing about it. And now we're living in a society which is so brutally corrupt to the core. The best hope you have is to believe in God and find some degree of religious ideology amongst the everyday life. That's the best hope you have is to find a society where people are afraid of God. And that's why they're trying to destroy us, the simple as that. Because the demons operate in the dark. Demons need lives. Demons can't do their job in the light. And the light is truth. God is...  like God is truth. If you tell the truth, if we have a battlefield, a playing field of truth, they can't do their snakery in their lives. They need deception. They require deception. That's not a man that's a woman. The sky is green. They need all this garbage so they can keep you in your slave box. Only God is going to get to a point where he says, it doesn't matter how much you pay me, it doesn't matter what you make me believe, it doesn't matter what the AI machine does, it doesn't matter how you've siopped me and indoctrinated me, it doesn't matter how long you've been trying to convince me this is true. I know that my holy book and the God I believe in says this is wrong so I refuse to believe. Only God is the final barrier to the absolute slave mind and sanity, which is why they fear God, which is why they don't want to teach children about religion. You talk about God and we talk about faith. To be a disciplined religious person, the word is disciplined, it requires discipline. It takes discipline to read the Bible. It's not going to be screaming kids, it's not going to be flashing images, it's not going to be entertaining.  is a stream with 13 A.K. girls. No, you're gonna have to sit down, pay attention, read, focus, reflect, try and find a lesson in the parable, get confused, read it again, ask for help, you're gonna have to study. That takes discipline. Most of these children today are so messed up from TikTok. They can't even focus on one page of a book, any book, because all they do is scroll. As we're destroying the new generation and removing their ability to focus on anything, removing their ability to be disciplined, you're taking them from God. I think that God should be feared. I believe that God should be feared. I fear God. It's one of the only things I fear. And I believe that also you see God to degree or you see religion how you see yourself. And I see myself as a person of strong principles and strong morals. And I like to think of myself as the kind of person nobody really wants to cross. Not because I'm a psycho, but because I'm a man of capability and I'm smart and I'm strong.  and nobody wants to make an enemy of me. So I feel like I find an affinity to a belief system which has very similar outlooks. And there's a whole bunch of other things I can say from the Quran and Islamic texts, et cetera, but to keep it very vague and very broad for people who are not Islamic, I felt God when I was in Islamic country. If I went to an Islamic country, I felt God, just feel any God. How is it a Christian country if Satanists are mocking Jesus on the streets? This is why we need God more than ever. Because if you don't have God, you don't have a soul and you don't feel guilty. If I had started a war in Libya, I would look in the mirror now and say, why did I, all those, all that death, all that destruction, a destabilized nation, slavery, all this I've done, why did I do it? Votes, money, what did I do that for? I shouldn't have done that. I'd feel bad, but they don't. Isn't that, that's remarkable to me. All this is all purpose. None of this is an accident. And they all tie it together to be a sickness or society.  and society is now currently very sick. If you were to ask me, well what's worse, the aims or the cancer or the gangrene? It's very difficult for me to say here and choose one. I'm saying to you, we're the best and we need a solution to all of them and the solution to all of them is the same thing I said it was earlier which is God. Because why did we build beautiful cathedrals? God, as an all. Why do people get married and stay married? God was the solutions everything. That's why they try to remove it. They have to remove God so they can attack all of these different institutions with these insane ideologies and these ideologies are weaponized virtue. So what do we have besides God? Only God can save us now my friend, but it's our friend. Because we ain't got anything else. There's nothing else to believe in. What else you're going to believe in? It's it's scary. If you believe in God you're not going to worship your wife. You're going to respect your wife. You're going to do your very best to do goodbye.  But you respect you worship God. You're not gonna allow a woman to try and solve over you You're like no, sorry. We live God that we live within certain boundaries within this house and we're religious household And you're not gonna do that. Otherwise, we're not gonna be together anymore. This is how it works. We're religious household Yep, but everybody worships something. Yeah, you by talking about being atheist You think you're just showing the world how smart you are and that nothing's above you But it's absolutely not only the opposite you're worshiping fame You're worshiping clicks likes money some other person some human I'm scarbied. I'm not gonna give up That's what they want more than anything. That's what all of this is about to chop off the head of the general They want to destroy my life to stop anybody else being brave. Remember that top G guy He had all going for him didn't he had all that money flying around the world living on a yacht Everything was fine for him. He spoke too much. Don't listen. You're doing well right now. It's not worth it Look what happened to that guy. He's still in jail. That's what they want to do I couldn't live with myself if I shut up  I couldn't look in the mirror if I am quiet. Front, they'll kill the general at the front even if the army wins. That's how it is. My future set is what it is. I believe in God. I refuse to shut up. I've made my decisions. I'm the man I am. I've made my bed and I'm going to lie in it. So it is what it is. No, I deserve it because I'm so great. I deserve it because I'm brave enough to help other people. So how do you find happiness? Happiness is in struggle. The struggle and the size of the struggle you're facing, along with how important it is and how important you feel it is deep in your heart, is directly correlated to how successful and how happy you're going to feel all of the time. Struggle is extremely important for a man. You should be looking to inject struggle into your life permanently. We talked about this in the past emergency meeting because if you're injecting struggle and that struggle, solving those problems lead to a positive place. Once you become addicted to it, you're going to become a machine of monumental achievement. There are some very simple basic things you can do. Weight training, chest, having debates, trying your very best to take care of your mother, retire her, make sure that your people...  You love or take care of, you need goals and resistance and something to fight against it to live well. Because the distance between pain and joy is what we experience. If you only have joy all of the time and no pain, you are not going to be happy. You don't need drugs, you don't need alcohol, you don't need parties or festivals, you don't need fun. Fun is the vector from which Satan operates. Every time you look at something which is fun, it's all just heaven's way. It's not a monastic, there's no money to be made, you don't retire your mother, you don't help the world, you don't give to chair, you don't become stronger, you don't become wiser, you don't learn anything. Next time you think of what is fun and someone goes, guys, come, it'll be fun. Sit there, go, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, will it? Experiences are unique. Jail was a unique experience. Bunch of fun, unique. Life's not about fun as a man. Life is about doing the right thing because it must be done. Now, there are some things that are fun which can be earned. And there are some things which...  or fun that you could do which perhaps involves skill. Driving a supercar around a racetrack is fun. It involves skill. You have to be good at what you do. Cool. But a lot of this fun that is easily accessible to everyone because not everybody can get Ferrari on a closed racetrack. I can, you can't, because you're poor. You do not need fun until you've already reached the highest possible echelons. So this whole idea that you need fun in your life, you don't. What you need is purpose, you need discipline, you need hard work, you need things to do which are gonna benefit you and others around you, you need duty, you need obligations, and you need performance metrics. You need people around you who are gonna hold you accountable. You don't need to be waking up thinking about fun. You're nobody's, you're not important. Nobody knows who you are, you're not physically strong, you're not financially wealthy. You have bigger concerns, you're obsessed with this idea of fun. Hey, what we gonna do this week and we need to have some fun? Do you, do you need fun? Do you deserve it? Really? Have you actually gone out there in the universe and made a mark large enough that you're allowed some time off to have some fun? You know, deserve any fun, you don't need any fun. You have work to do. You're obsession with fun is  holding you back. These things you think are fun, aren't fun. Checking your bank balance in your house, not going out, you're on the pub, and seeing $20 million liquid is very fun. That's right. That's much more fun than anything you could possibly ever do. So, although it wasn't fun to sit around and accumulate that kind of wealth, it's the funnest thing in the universe in a way. For a man, your contentment will come from your purpose and it will come from your competence and it will come from succeeding objectives. It will come from completing difficult things that other people cannot complete. It will never come from the easily accessible hedonism which you have confused for fun. If everybody can do it, you shouldn't wanna do it. If everybody can go to that concert, you shouldn't wanna go. If everybody can go to that club, you shouldn't wanna go. But you should only wanna do things others can't do. The only fun I have is doing things I know you're not allowed to do, putting my bouquet on an A3AE and flying around the world to a racetrack which I've rendered out for only me and only my-  to race around cars. You can't do that. I can, that is fun. But if you say to me, Andrew come to this party and I say, well, who's there? Everyone. Oh, everyone's there. Does that mean I need to go, right? It's a event of the century. Oh, everyone's there. If everyone's there, it's trash. So you need to sit there and go, all right, I'm being asked to do something fun. Who else can do this? And if it dancers everybody, stop. I clear my emails. I've trained hard that day. I made a couple million dollars. I've spec'd a brand new car. I've checked on all the people I love, all the people I care about. I've donated some money to charity. My children are fed. Their mothers are taken care of. Everything is in order. Everything is in its proper place. That is fun. If you say to me, Andrew, skip a portion of that. Skip a portion of that organization and professionalism so that we can go and do something that everyone else can do. My answer will be no. That does not sound fun to me. And the fact that you think that's fun shows that you have a severe mental deficiency. Stay away from it. A lot of people at home, if they want to make more money, need to invest in themselves. You did invest in themselves. Maybe they've been told.  Well, I just save, I just save. Let me say to everyone here at home. If you are saving less than 10 grand a month and you're just saving saving your chance of being rich is fucking zero. You need to go and do something else and make more. Invest in yourself, get knowledge, pay attention to mentors, start another business, open something. You need to do something because you're not going to save your way to the top. The average person at home, you're not earning enough to ever save you. You're going to save 100% of your wage. You're still going to be broke. You have to get to a level of earning. I wake up every day and I think how do I make my life better? Nobody else wakes up each day and goes, how do I make and rotates life better? So if you're not the person who's waking up every day going, how do I improve my existence? Then nobody is. Nobody on the planet is considering improving your one spin on earth. No one else can. Nobody else cares. So if you don't care, then you're fucked. So you need to wake up and care and it's amazing to me. Like you're saying, how did I find my mentors? I just tried a bunch of them. Like when I had no money, I would try very hard to listen to law.  different people or I tried different things and I wasn't I wasn't scared to invest in myself because I understand that look there he's taken time out of his life and I need to reward him for it and I tried very hard and I listened and I paid attention and I was never lazy I don't believe there's a person on the planet who pays attention tries their best is never lazy his on time works hard has a mentor and is giving it his all who is in rich I don't believe it I think that if you do all those things you're rich and if you don't have any money you're missing one of those key elements now you can fool yourself and you can fool everyone else you can pretend you're doing them but if you're truly honest with yourself am I finding people who are trying to teach me what I want to know am I trying my best and the answer is fucking no every time and it's truly is the abundance mindset is true I remember when I was broke when I was broke I thought everyone was broke you do because I was broke hundred percent and then you get rich and you start thinking shit everyone has money every super car I want to sold out every diamond watch I want to sold out the private jet  are full, the y'all are full. As soon as you get rich, you start with these people. I was just in Dubai and my houses are being built. They're going to be complete in this year. I bought a bunch of them off-plan, so I decided to rent and I rented a house on the palm and it's $25,000 a day. And I rented it. And I'm sitting there and the landlord comes and goes, I just got an offer for $35,000 a day. You need to leave. And I go, okay, well, I'll pay $40,000 a day. And then he came back and goes, the guy's offered $50,000 a day for a year. And I'm like, who am I even in a bidding war with? And I just left. I was like, you know what? Take it. I'll get another one. But like, there's people out there with money that you couldn't fucking fat them. There's so much money in the world. So it's, you do get to a level of, well, another time I hit me, I was at Monaco. I was sitting around dinner and Monaco after it was a conical ride, you know? And there's like 10 of us. And I just looked around the table like Winston's and I saw everyone's wearing a nice watch and I thought, when I was broke, the idea, if someone told me they had 30 or 40 grand in the bank, I thought they were doing  doing good. Now I'm saying at table, everyone's wearing a hundred thousand dollar watch. Nobody gives a fuck. It's just like there's levels to the game. And when you get up to the top, you realize there's money everywhere. The fund is mindset. There are so many rich people. So if you're not where you want to be financially, I hope this pisses you off because I'm telling you to annoy you. That you're sitting there struggling with your bills or are people out there making so much money you couldn't possibly fathom about anything they want all of the time. And you may sit there and go, but they're miserable. A lot of them aren't. Trust me. It's rather a great time. So you need to make a bunch more money because there's money everywhere. I find it amazing when people say they don't have motivation. I have people come to me and say, I want to get rich and I don't have motivation. I want to work harder. I said, how can you not have motivation to get rich? When somebody like me with a head start like mine is still working 18 hour days every single day, seven days a week without any day off. I'm going to crush you. You don't stand a chance. I will beat you. And you're just going to sit there and perpetually lose because you can't find the motivation to crawl up out the mud and stay a bug. Until you end up in your 15 minute city and your 17th injection like a dummy like a useless ear. All I do is work.  Nothing is fun. I don't have fun. I've spoken to dudes and like, yeah, you know, I had a bad couple months. Why? My girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months over some... Like, you had the... Think of how much God loves you to have given you the grace and given you the opportunity to waste months of human time over some chick. Like, talk about blessed head to toe. If I waste months, empires are going to collapse. I'm going to open a cell or dead of my waste months. I have things to do every single day. I can't waste a second. But these people are just absolutely infinitely blessed. And their mindset is a product of that because they're spoiled children. Absolutely spoiled children. If you're going through life with any other mindset beside a hyper competitive one where you're capable of competing with some of the most dangerous men on the planet and all their forms, me and my network, and also my competitors. If you don't have that mindset, then you have to understand that you are spoiled. You're spoiled by your reality. I believe...  There's only three reasons people are not rich. One of three reasons. They're either stupid arrogant or lazy Stupid is actually the smallest category People think oh, you know there's a lot of stupid people there are but I know a lot of stupid people a lot of money Right, there's so much money in the world to be too stupid to generate money I think is less than 5% of the population who are genuinely too dumb to ever make a good wage Then you have arrogant and lazy and these are the two most common lazy because people just oh, you know But I need time to myself. Oh, you know, but it's the evening or you know it's hyper competitive There are people who do not need time to themselves There are people. There's an Indian in Islam or there's a guy in Islamabad who'll do your job online for three dollars an hour And he doesn't sleep you're gonna lose right? So if you're gonna be lazy in any regard you have to understand are people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day When I finish this I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work on my way to my next appointment And then I'm gonna work all night till the day I go when I go to sleep I close my laptop on a sleeping minute later. I work. That's all I do so lazy  is a big problem because people go, oh, but I just want to relax. If you just want to relax, that's fine. But you're competing against people who just don't want to relax and you're going to lose. And the last, and I say that's around a lot of people have that element to them. A lot of people are lazy. It's about 50% of people. But the main reason people are not rich is because they are arrogant. 50% of people are brutally arrogant. The arrogance of people is truly mind-bending. If you know so much, why are you broke? You obviously don't know. If I want to learn how to box, I wouldn't walk into a boxing gym, find a guy who can box and go, yeah, you know, not bad, but can he really punch? Like, this is how people think when it comes to money. You guys are all successful enough. You can sit there and say, look, I do XYZ, I have XYZ. You don't have it. So, do you want to learn how to play piano from the piano teacher or do you want to sit there as an arrogant brookie? Most people are brutally arrogant. And you can sit there and you can try and help them. And they're just so arrogant. They think, oh, I can do it myself or I'll work it out myself. I don't need help. And it's arrogance. And it keeps them at the bottom. I believe I'm doing good things. I believe I'm helping people. And I think that to quote Martin Luther King, the moral arc of the  universe is long, but it bends towards truth. I think that in the end, even if I must suffer temporarily in the long run, that justice will be served and I will be rewarded for doing the right thing, which is sitting here on stream as a person who's had a very difficult, very varied, very eclectic life. I've come from the absolute bottom of the bottom, a single parent household in a project in England, council estate, in the worst town in England, the lowest income school. I went to the absolute bottom to the complete top of life and I'll cross every echelon, I learn a lot of lessons. There's not many people who've been through a life path like mine and learned why I've learned. And I feel like I should sit here and I should teach people and help people. And I think that in the end, I'll be rewarded for it. And if I'm wrong and they put a bullet in my head, then everybody on the internet can say, ha ha ha, they got him. And that's it. What more can I do? But I don't think that being a coward is the right option. I think that when bad things happen, the answer is always more work. It is my job to try and show the world I'm here to teach good.  things. And the unfortunate thing about the matrix is how brutally dishonest it is. They know that I'm saying good things and they're trying to protect an evil person because they don't want good things to be taught. But God does want good things to be taught and you have to believe in a higher power above newspapers and press and MSM and garbage. You have to believe in something which is more powerful with a bigger meaning and I believe in God and I believe God wants me to sit here and tell men all about my life experiences and the lessons I've learned and how to be better people. And I think that that makes the world a better place and I do truly believe that in the end a lot of people will be rewarded for doing the right thing. Not just me, everybody who listens to me. So maybe I could disappear but I don't think I'd be I wouldn't feel proud of myself. I might be happy. Isn't this interesting how this ties with me? Yeah. I might be happier if I disappear because I have my fast cars and I have a bunch of women and I have my kids and I have all this money and I have these big houses. Yeah, I might be happier but would I be proud of myself? No, I'm more proud of myself sitting here at midnight talking to you.  Because I know I'm helping people and I can people things that are introspective as I've said that makes me feel proud of myself and I'm interested in feeling proud not happy I would say that if you truly decide to quit you will quit I think a lot of people who don't quit things haven't truly decided to It's very easy to say that you want to do something and not do it I we have to keep this clear for the whole world to understand it's very easy for me to say I'd love to quit I don't even have any vices. I could quit cigars tomorrow This doesn't it wouldn't even bother me would even cross my mind if I decide to quit I quit So you can have smoking cigars tomorrow and it wouldn't even bother you? I didn't smoke for 92 days. I didn't even care. That's true. That's true. That's very obvious So if I decided to quit I really would like to quit and then I carried on doing it I don't think I really wanted to if you really want to quit you would quit So there's a lot of people who are chasing the familiar feeling and that familiar feeling can be extremely destructive And you know what I would say is the most destructive feeling to be obsessed with trying to obtain what happiness Yeah, that is true. Constantly as a man trying to chase hack  as the most destructive thing you can do for your life. Because you can't delay gratification. You can't do anything which is particularly difficult. And the only thing that's going to make you happy quick is cheap happiness. Cheap and easy. Booz, cake, drugs, dumb shit. Real happiness, real contentment and pride takes a long time to build. You have to be able to be happy or let's happy for a long period of time to have a greater reward at the end. So anyone who's obsessed with chasing happiness and destroy themselves, if somebody has genuinely decided to quit drugs, genuinely, I believe they would quit. And if someone goes, I don't want to quit, man, and they do it an hour later. They don't want to quit. It's not my job to make people do things they don't want to do. If your image in your mind is of the kind of person who is controlled by a substance, I'd be embarrassed for a non-sentient substance, a powder, or a plant to control me. Doesn't even have a brain. And it's my boss, one of my dumbass. No, I'm the boss. I'm the boss of fucking tobacco and cough.  I'm the boss of everything. I'm the boss of food. If I don't want to eat, I don't eat. You're the kind of person who's going to wake up and go, those pills are smarter than me and they're my master. Enjoy your life. That's your decision. But if you decide to not be that person, if you project the mental image, which is not that person, then you'll stop taking those pills. If you're serious about anything you're saying, then I guess when we talk in a month's time, we're going to be in fantastic physical condition, because you're going to train like an animal, right? You're 100% correct. You're training animal, never saying out your mouth out. Just bullshit. You want to sound good on the internet. So when I'm on the internet. If you, if you, the next time we speak, if I'm not, at least where I was before, then I have no hope. And I'm full shit and I have no hope. That's, and I'm not putting all this pressure on me for no reason, bro. Trust me. I fell down and I fucked up with the lead. It's time, it's my friend. There you go. Partially it's diamonds. I train every single day. And it doesn't matter how I feel. So in fact, I would actually argue that the number one way.  to deal with most of life's problems is always the same thing. You were saying that people deal with things in many different ways that is true. But in my experience of life, there's only one way to deal with anything. It doesn't matter if you're heartbroken, it doesn't matter if you're sad, it doesn't matter if you're bank balances low, it doesn't matter if you lose a family member, it doesn't matter if whatever negative things can happen to you, it doesn't matter if you go to jail, it doesn't matter what it is. The answer to everything is always the same. Do you know what the answer is? What is the answer? Hard work. Work harder.