 Oh boys, I'm sweating right now. It just got back from the gym, got back from a workout. Anyways, the top G is doing the emergency meeting. So I was like, alright, let's pop him for a nice little watch party. Milk take for the views baby, W's in chat. Anyways, let's get into this man. Let me unmute and we're good to go. They can and they do and they fucking will. I'm not a conspiracy guy, but it's all cohorts. If the US Embassy is involved and they go, well go in there, get the cameras, record it. I'm not buying this one. If you go after the establishment, be ready. I get a message this morning from a guy that's very, very connected. He's at the following. I saw the interviews last night and the US Embassy was involved. I think the Embassy put them up to it. They all work together. Meaning maybe there is a probable cause for it. But also at the same time, US Embassy was involved to go in and take him down. The accusations have been made. I'd like to see some. Mine a lot.  But, this has been well made so far. They're just recapping all the news stories, the headlines from the last few months while they've been arrested. And yeah, take a lot of supporters, but a lot of hatred, especially from the BBC, the big black con network, yeah, whatever. Yeah, let's watch, man. The online followers, he's being investigated for a number of crimes, all of which he denies. Very good, I laugh. It seemed almost like a hero's welcome. It's time to take return to his home in Romania. I truly believe that Justice will be served in the end. I mean, here my absolute innocence, and I think most people understand this, and I look forward to being helped. I am James Bond. That's my exact life. I am actually fucking James Bond, if you don't.  No! Where is this?! Haha, wait. Got a load? Two years. Very young. I achieved that. Jesus Christ. The world's moved on since it retired, command abound. In my humble opinion, the world doesn't change very much. The world's moved on since it retired, command abound. In my humble opinion, the world doesn't change very much. I'm not just any old double-o. I'm double-o-seven. And they made it very, very clear that people like Bond are going to be replaced. And that people like Bond are no longer needed. And that people like Bond are going to be eradicated. So I have a choice. I either stop being James Bond. Or sooner or later, there is a near a hundred percent chance. How many people watching this? I'm going to be a hundred percent chance. I'm going to be a hundred percent chance. Yo! This is popping on rumble! Oh shoot. What's going on?  I can understand obvious server attempts of dread that comes from a knowing exactly what they are trying to do to you. But there's also a strange sense of calm. I have been telling the world for the longest possible time exactly what they will try to do to me. I nailed it to the letter I told all of you in advance. I saw the future and I was not wrong. What they are doing to me, they will do to absolutely anybody with an opinion. If you are a man and you are supporting me, you are not just supporting me, you are supporting yourself, you're supporting your future, you're supporting your father and your brother and you're supporting any man out there who decides to speak and do anything other than simply pay his taxes and die. Because what they are hitting me with is the highest level of matrix attack which a man can possibly endure. Last time when I was canceled, I said they hit me with their life.  And I remained unfazed and I was incorrect for the first time in my life I was incorrect because it was not their last bullet. They had another one and they shot me and I remain unfazed I feel like I'm a pretty sour, I really amur to see my pain A lot of the men I met in jail wanted to go home and see their families and their children A lot of the men I met in jail missed their old lives, their old jobs What did I say to you when I was in jail? What did I-  I miss doing above everything else. I can't wait to get out of jail so we can hold and emergency me and emergency me. And here we are. So I've been looking forward to this day for a very long time, six months and counting. It's kind of funny where we were saying there will be a day that comes. Even if we're 85 years old, we're an emergency meeting will take place again. Even if we're 85, 86, let's they kill us. It will happen. And now it's happening today. We literally had that conversation surrounded by cockroaches in our Romanian jail cell. Do you realize we have 350,000 people watching us? Damn. Good. Because these are 350,000 people who are interested in the truth. And let me make something very clear to the world before we begin. We have to be very careful because the cases still open. We're within the jurisdiction of Romania and we must pay respect to the Romanian authorities so we do not get hauled back to jail. However, we must also  pay respect to God and be truthful and do not lie and say as much as we can possibly say and tell the truth as much as we can possibly tell. We understand a lot of you are very curious about what happened to us and we're going to do our best to outline why what happened happened. But before we do that, let's talk about how the matrix is breaking in real time. When I sat in the jail cell, I spent most of my time gathering... No! We're lagging! No! My cheat. If you're saying a home and you don't know what that means, it means you haven't gotten any cheat. But I have cheat. I can gather power and save it. Like a squirrel can save nuts. I can save power inside of my muscles knowing that in future I will need it to destroy my enemies. I was gathering cheat because I had all the time in the world. Understanding that this battle for truth has just begun. It is truly good against evil. And before anyone asks which side I'm on, if you are telling the truth and you are worshipping God, you are always on the side of good. The people who are against...  us are simply lying. They are simply lying. And I believe on a long enough time frame, with God on our side, the truth will come out. We're going to say as much as we can today, but we can't say everything. But the matrix is breaking. I remember when we got canceled. What did I say? I said to the matrix, what did I, I warned them? You went too far with me. You may laugh at me now, but you've gone too far. You too, do you think you haven't monopoly? You think you could control the information? Well, you are wrong and and cutting me, axing me, banning me was the final straw. It was the final straw. It's and people laughed at you. People sat in a YouTube executive office, people in meta and sat around and laughed and said, that's the last we're going to see of this guy. No, here we are. So may God help you. May God help you. Here we still are. Because we're here to tell the truth. So let's begin with the things everybody wants to talk about. This case, which we can't really discuss. We cannot discuss the case because the case is on go.  But you have to understand that everything is printed by Lucy and her friends is a lie. Yesterday we were at decals office and five of the charges were removed. Yeah, and the matrix says, yesterday when they changed the status of your case file, they have to call you to the offices at decals. So I was looking at six counts of human trafficking. I went there yesterday. I didn't quite understand why I was going there. I didn't know if I was going to go back to jail. I didn't know what they intended to do. And when I left the building, I was facing one count of human trafficking. So that's yesterday summed up as a whole. I don't know where the other five counts went. I don't know why they were around for so long before they disappeared 14 months. I don't know. But I do know that I'm now facing one count of human trafficking as opposed to six counts of human trafficking. No evidence. That's what it means. Important that we explain what we're allowed to explain exactly what we are accused of. Because there's a lot of confusing, you know, confusion.  about old videos we made, things we said eight years ago, does this lead to the case somehow? I'm going to tell you what we are accused of and I'm allowed to talk about this because it was on my arrest documents. Here is the official story. In 2021, two years ago, my brother and I formed an organized criminal gang with the intent of moving women to Romania so we could steal money from their TikTok accounts to enrich ourselves. I think it's very important that I tell the world this and come across explaining what we're accused of because people are asking very normal questions, even fans of mine. Hey Tristan, used to run a webcam studio. I no longer run one, but yes, I used to. How is this linked into the case? That has nothing to do with the case. There is no link between what I'm currently being...  accused of what I'm currently going through and any activities I used to do with running webcam studios. Everyone who works for me has sent me letters of encouragement, emails of encouragement. I appreciate them all, I appreciate the love and support of course. But the narrative is that I formed a criminal gang when my net worth was already over a hundred million dollars when I was already a father to a daughter nonetheless. When I was already a world famous individual when I was a retired professional sportsman, when my brother was already the retired four time kickboxing champion of the world with no financial motive. We allegedly formed this gang to steal money from tick tock accounts. That is the narrative, that is what I have been arrested for. And this is the first time publicly I could finally clear that up. That's outrageous. Yeah.  God is on our side and and you know what? I have faith in the Romanian judicial system. So I have faith in the system and unfortunately the reality is in every country in the world. This is not an anti-Romania podcast. It makes it very clear. In every country in the world, innocent people get caught off in the judicial system and they have to prove their innocence. We have been accused, like my brother said, of nothing prior to 2021 or 2022. So all of our old videos, old life had nothing to do with this. They said after 21, 21, we decided to form an organized criminal gang and steal TikTok accounts money. Now, I'll let everyone come to their own conclusions regarding the validity of that and our motivations for that and if that ever happened. It's a lot of the validity of that story. That's your own motivation. The investigation is still ongoing. The investigation is still ongoing. However, we will be going to court for that reason. That's crazy. And I have faith in the Romanian judicial system. I want to make something very clear. We do not have a problem with Romania. We do not hate Romania. And neither should you. Romania is a country and like all countries on the world, they are on a very large chessboard that the matrix controls and they are...  pieces which must be moved. Anybody who's smart enough to understand what I'm saying understands what I'm saying. And the Matrix decides to attack you. They can attack you in any jurisdiction on Earth. And they will attack you in your home. They will attack you where you live. They will attack you where they think they could paint the best story about you. Correct. So I do not hold any... No, we're lagging! He's cooking right now! Chef Tate, I'm... this is a mystic meal. I'm eating right now. The clips from this are going to be outrageous. I'm going to have 50 videos. Any hate in my heart for the people of Romania, even the justice system of Romania or the police of Romania, or anybody involved in this process. Because I believe as famous as you are saying, the things you are saying, this would have happened in we were in England, or France, or Germany, or Spain, or the United States, or most countries with a Western agenda. The country of Romania, I'll say in fact, one of the reasons I love it here so much, is because our values align with the people of Romania's. Every per...  who has come to my house, every single person who was guarding me in jail, every police woman, every doctor that I have come in contact with has said, we are sorry this is happening to you. And I am not going to be leaving Romania. My daughter is a Romanian. She has Romania written on her passport. This is my country. I have lived here for seven years. So people who do not understand the situation are very quick to blame Romania. But they're wrong. Do not do that. I might move to clues instead of book rest. What do you think? I like clues. They're more require life. I like clues too. Cluj is a beautiful city. But yeah. Yeah. So this is not particularly Romania's fault. This is just a result of becoming monumentally successful and telling the truth. And whenever you're the kind of person who tells the truth, the bastions, the gates, which are held, which try and prevent the truth from being exposed to the general public, there's going to be some degree of pushback. And unfortunately that pushback is powerful. It's a very powerful but vocal minority which dislike us. And I want to make that very clear also to the people watching at home.  People often say, oh, but what do women think about you? Do you know what? I got maybe 1 to 2,000 Lovelators from women a week in jail Endless women support us in fact. I'd say it was about 50 50 50% of our male was from men and 50% of our male was from women Lovelators support our message fully any woman who's not matrix minded supports us It's a very vocal minority which is against us and don't let them sire up you into believing that somehow the whole world hates us women Hate us garbage. It's not true. The world is waking up the matrix is breaking people are understanding their tired of being lied to They understand the truth of our message. They understand men are allowed an opinion women want men who have an opinion who take care of them Who protect them who provide for them the things we are teaching and the things we are saying are not disliked by the majority They're disliked by a very powerful and evil minority and you could simply look at this I mean the comments under this video will probably be a hundred percent positive, but watch the video posted by  the BBC. Watch the videos posted by Vice before they turn the comment section off. Well, almost 100% of the comments are in defense of us, criticism of the mainstream media. Tell it, letting the reporters know because they haven't done their research, the truth of our message. I think last time I checked the BBC interview, I had 82,000 comments, and I couldn't find one that was against us. They can tell you we are bad people, again and again and again. But nobody believes them anymore. Nobody believes them anymore. And people know the truth. Good people are here. Sitting right here. And that's the problem. That's our fear. That's our remaining fear. And I'll make something very clear because I predict the future like I always have. And I'm in a very precarious and dangerous situation with my brother here because they are using their primary weapon, which is deception and lies. And it continues to fail, which makes me concerned as for what they're going to attempt to try next. All we can do is tell the truth. All we can do is encourage you to tell the truth. We do not encourage anybody to do anything.  violent or crazy, all we want is for people to have open and honest discourse and tell the truth about our message and stick to the truth of God. That is all we are here to do and that's all we ask for our supporters as well. Right. Can I ask you a question? Sure. Off the topic. I know we were going to do a very serious emergency meeting. We weren't going to joke around. We weren't going to laugh around. But why on earth are you literally dressed the same as you dressed in prison for our first emergency meeting back? Where you stand? My mirror. Find this suit. I was high. A pocket square. Why on earth are you wearing a pair of shorts and more work went into this body than your fucking suit. This is my finest. I got my look so good all the time. All I do is train. I'm an animal. This was supposed to be a serious emergency meeting. You know what? If you're doing that home is wondering what what jail is like. What's remaining in jail like? What?  Okay, let's talk about jail. It's me sitting like this Tristan sitting the same and I'll staring at the wall. This is jail No, how fast you go crazy in jail Take a take by yourself because I was by myself sometimes or with some random remains But let's let's take the days that we had together take a friend of yours Go to your bathroom Put all phones and electronics outside And sit in your bathroom You're allowed one iPad very small at the end of the bathroom and you could only watch Television in languages you don't understand That's what jail is like I know people think we're gonna go into jail and come out with all sorts of cool stories But the months and months and months that we have Feel compressed into nothing at all because there were no events to break up your day It was Jail was hard. I want to make something clear to everyone watching a haunted  Jail was actually very difficult. A Romanian Jail is no picnic. I'm sure people at home can understand that Romanian Jail is not a five star resort. God blessed us with a very difficult challenge. She put us in an extremely complicated escape room, which took three months for us to eventually emerge from. I would say the day we found out we're being released was one of the best days of my life. That's absolutely not really true. Jail was extremely difficult. But like I said with PBD and I wanna stick by this, the things that are most important in Jail, are physical power so that you're not bullied by anybody else. My mental strengths are you're not bullied by your own mind because those are only two enemies in the world. And Jail is basically like a condensed, hypersensitive version of life. If you get angry in real life, you'll get very angry in Jail. If you get a little bit sad in real life, you'll get very sad in Jail. Everything is condensed and pressurized. So if you have problems with your mind and problems controlling your thoughts in the real world, you're gonna have huge problems in Jail. If you get picked on in the real world, you're gonna get really picked on in Jail. It's like condensed life. So you have to make sure you have control.  of these things and that's why in many ways I guess no he's cooking we've always been preparing for jail not because we believe we're going to go to jail but because we understand that we always have to be the kind of people who can handle all of life's adversaries and all of life's trials and tribulations and we understand that God is going to give them to us and when I was in trade jail if depression was a real thing I would have absolutely not been depressed but luckily for me I don't believe in depression so I couldn't possibly be depressed so all you have to do is sit there gather your chi do i keto smoke cigarettes and watch the time bill by and we had no idea how long we were going to be in there for but that was the hard part that was the hardest part but you know what Tristan we're not in jail right now we're not in jail right now and I told you we're not seeing at the emergency meeting desk one of these days back in January back in February back in March staring at those walls and here we are we're not in jail and you know what regardless of how this plays out how the matrix attacks us or whatever God's plans are for us or what lessons he believes we need to learn if God decides I have to go back to the dungeon and wake up with cockroaches on my face and I respect God  enough to go and do that honorably and I will pray to him just the same. God decides I love the best of planners, but if you decide that I have to go back to jail and I could choose one person to go jail with, I would like to go to jail with you because you're an excellent jail mate. And I want you to know that that as long as you and I are together, I don't fear jail. Yeah, I don't fear Joe either. They send you back. They better send me back. They were a team and as long as one of the same team were always happy. So I'm not the whole mind. I'll give it my all of my fans and everybody listening. At the stage right now, even I can't tell you what the evidence is against me. Why they think I ran a TikTok stealing gang. I can't tell you what the evidence is in the file or who's saying what I really can't, but I could tell you this, if they send me back to jail, the evidence has to be made public. So Tristan's guilty. He's going to jail. If you see that on the news, your first question should be wonderful. Now I could see what the evidence against him was. Show me. And they have to show their cards at that point. So if I go back to jail or if I don't go back to jail, as I said, I trust the remaining justice.  system but you know that there are miscarriages and justice in every single country in the world. If there is a miscarriage of justice, you will all know the evidence to live. If any of you want to truly be people who are free and sovereign and free of mind and f- What's going on? We're just skipping parts. Free of geographical area. I think we just got to skip back a little bit. Don't like you. You have to understand. You're not just support future because we're getting to a level of insanity now where nobody is safe. Yeah. The BBC and Lucy with their stories. Literally when I sat there Lucy, she said, this imaginary person we've made up nine years ago said you were controlling. I said, who is she? They said, we're not going to tell you. But nine years ago, I was controlling to an imaginary person. How can I answer that question? What does that mean? Does that mean nine years ago? I said, no, you can't have a handbag. I won't buy you a handbag. Does that make me controlling financially controlling?  I didn't give her my money nine years ago from the imaginary person. None of this is real and they can attack absolutely anybody with it. No man is safe from this. No man. It's scary because if you're watching this at home going on, that probably won't happen to me. It will and you know what's most scary? When it happens to us, the world knows the world cares. When it happens to you, you might be sitting in that jail cell. Nobody knows. Nobody cares. Nobody talks about it. There's no public outcry or outrage. Then what? Then what you're going to do? Yeah. I'll interview with the legacy media ever, which I probably won't. I'm going to start sitting down with them and I'm going to say, somebody told me that you're a human trafficker. And they're going to say who? I'm going to say 10 years ago, somebody alleges that you, my interviewer, Lucy. Lucy, you're a human trafficker. So now we're both alleged human traffickers. Don't call me an alleged human trafficker. You're an alleged human trafficker. And then I'm going to say, oh, yeah, but who said it? I don't. A non of its name, but you, but they said 10 years ago you were controlling. Yeah, I think I'm going to do that. I'm going to alleged that they are.  something because before they get hit me with your an alleged this and what they're going to say oh well you just make stuff up. Yeah you do. There's all you do is make stuff all you do is live. All they do is lie and the main primary objective of the lies you also have to understand this when they lie because even when we had charges dropped they said the charge was upgraded which is insane. When they lie what they're trying to do is convince the public or guilty in advance so that if you get a guilty charge everybody just accepts it. Yes. That's the whole point. It's brainwashing but I really believe the legacy media is losing power in real time and with places like Rumble and free speech and these things coming out we have a chance to fight back and break the matrix exactly like we said we would. We can be true to God we can be true to ourselves we can tell the truth and we're going to talk in this podcast not only about our experiences in jail but also all the different ways you can escape the matrix and you can live a life of truth because that is not as easy to do as it used to be. No. What's your favorite story from jail? Tell me a tell me a jail story. Do you have a jail story? Oh I can't tell you my favorite jail story. I can't tell it here but it's hilarious. You know what? He dropped the soul. Six months from now on the emergency me.  I will tell you the coolest jail story. It is cool, isn't it? It's pretty good. No, I think it's the coolest thing anyone has ever heard ever. But I literally can't tell you. I literally can't tell you. What about when I, my, my jail story? I think I've tweaked a lot of mouth. I'd actually like to go through some of my tweets from jail. In fact, I'm gonna do that right now. I'm gonna get the guys on it and start looking. When I told those guys I knew yoga fire near the laundry man. Yeah, I was in there. I was just. And they looked to me like I was crazy. How does this attack? But they don't understand that I don't lie. I'm not lying to you. You don't want to smoke. You don't want to, it's like fights. It's more than smoke. It's yoga, fight, fire. You don't want to fight. I'm a nice man. I go through life unpeaceful. But what I've been sitting there for weeks and weeks in a dungeon gathering my Chi. And then you want to start a fight near the washing machine? With me? Let's be like, you're fucking mine. Crazy. Let me find my jail tweets. And this is when Andrew talks about being strong.  being imposing, being masculine, nobody tried to start a fight on me. I didn't run into the same people Andrew did, but if I walked into a room for the prisoners, they looked at me and thought, fuck, I hope that guy's not a rapist, I hope that guy's not violent. I didn't have to walk in there and think, oh, I hope these guys aren't violent, I hope these guys aren't dangerous. Because I spent years preparing... What's this lag? We're frozen out here, let it go, let it go. Nah, oh my gosh. Is this what's... Because... Going back to the story that two years ago we formed an organized criminal gang to steal TikTok money. When I was 17, I didn't have any money. I could have dealt drugs in Luton. When I was 19, I didn't have any money. I could have went debt collecting for gangsters in Luton. I come from a very bad town filled with a lot of bad people and I could have easily been a bad person. But what did I do? I stayed flat, broke, and dedicated myself in the kickbox.  Jim. I stayed flat, broke and worked jobs, making sandwiches with a stupid little red howl. And job that a lot of people would say you are humiliating. I don't think they're humiliating. I'm proud of myself for working those jobs and I'm proud of... He was cooking. Any man out there making an honest living. I did everything legally my entire life until allegedly at 33 years of age and a net worth of $100 million. I began to brainwash people so I could steal insignificant amounts of money from their TikTok accounts. Yeah anyway so here's one of my tweets from jail because I'm Mr. Producer. I'm getting it back now. I kind of forgot how to Mr. Produce. I don't know my face. I've got to leave in. Bro I've known because of my face bro. No one cares. So here what does it say it says  Escape is possible. I simply close my eyes. It's very interesting what life without electronics will do to you for 93 days and it was only 93 days We didn't have a phone. We didn't touch a computer any of these things and we're making a joke and making it all lighthearted now But truthfully that has a very it has a very profound effect on your mind And I promised when I left jail that I'd retain some of the lessons and retain some of the gratefulness and also retain my ability to truly imagine again You can't imagine anymore your brains been attacked and destroyed by tick-talk in the internet You can't imagine but when you're in a jail cell in the perfect silence You can imagine completely and utterly in the dark in the middle of the night when you can't sleep That's when you can imagine again and what's actually most upsetting and disappointing to me is that since I've left jail despite my dedication towards retaining the ability It's nearly impossible to truly use my imagination once again once you have electronics and devices and Women or mess  in you and all this garbage is happening in your life, you lose your ability to imagine. And it's a shame because there's a superpower. We talk about manifestation in and of itself, but I think imagining things, you can obtain the results. Now, I'm gonna say something like I always say with basically no scientific evidence, but I know I'm never wrong about anything. So I'm just gonna say it. Nice, Dr. Andrew. Dr. Andrew, if you imagine something truly and fully, if you truly, completely imagine it, to a degree your body will react to it. Let me give you an example. If you truly imagine yourself at war, day after day, you imagined yourself under attack defeating the matrix agents, your top G, your walk-up through life, the agents are coming, you're doing a keto and you're destroying them and you're the most powerful man in the world. If you truly imagined that and felt it in your mind to the point where you felt you were there and you felt it in your body, I would guarantee you. After X amount of time, you would have a higher testosterone level and your muscles would be stronger than if you didn't. I will guarantee you that. Now, some of them is gonna come along and say, Andrew, just made that up.  I don't care if I just made it up because that's what I do. That's what I didn't jail. I imagine it gathered my chi and I became stronger than I've ever been. If you truly believe it in your mind, then your body will react. What does Morpheus say? The body cannot live without the mind. They're absolutely not really linked. That's one of my first jail tweets. Let me find another one. I'll touch briefly on that. I was cornered by some journalists on my way to the courthouse the other day. They said, are you happy, Tristan? I said, yes. He was, ha ha, were you happy in jail? I said, yes. He was happy in jail. Why? I said, because only my body was in prison, but my mind wasn't. What I meant by that to do extrapolate a little for everybody listening here, I look at some people. When I was in prison, I thought of some people. I thought of what the people who were doing this to me looked like. I can imagine them fat out of shape, out of breath all the time, unhappy, small house, ungrateful, ungrateful, un...  attractive wife doesn't respect himself doesn't respect his family kids who probably hate him and I thought that guy These people and a few names spring to mind of people I hate from the past are far more in jail Then I have ever been these people sitting on their Ryanair flights with three masks on They are more in prison than I have ever been you can look my physical body away Sure, but in my mind I am free. It's true. These people are absolutely controlled most of our detractors are controlled by what they see on the news And they don't even want to have any interest in finding out the truth It's amazing to me on the most famous most Googled man on the planet right on the most Googled man the planet and image and videos of me are being presented out of context And every school done I do a podcast. I say that's shown out of context and you'd think that the people who imagine to get You  to get emotionally affected by me, who managed to get annoyed by me. So they obviously have an emotional interest. They have a vested interest in who I am as a person. They don't even sit and think, well, I've seen this guy everywhere. He's super famous. I'm mad at him now. I have an emotional interest in this subject. He's saying it's out of context. Let me watch the longer version. No, they just sit there and go, well, I don't even want to know the longer version. BBC told me Lucy told me their minds are in jail. They're going to prison in their brains. They can't even take outside of what they see on the fucking TV screen. I am freer in a prison cell than these people will ever, ever be every night. I dream of freedom. And then I open my eyes and I'm in the same familiar jail cell. I take a few minutes to swallow my disappointment and begin my morning pushups. Maybe tomorrow, I'll wake up somewhere else. I've not lost hope. Tomorrow has come. And I do wake up somewhere else, but this is important, especially if you're at home and you're not yet as successful as you want to be.  You don't have your life in exactly the place you want it. If you still feel trapped, whether it's financially or some other way, you wake up and you must be dreaming of freedom. But when your eyes open, after the disappointment, swallow the disappointment, take a minute and look around you and say, I deserve more than this. But then what's the important point? Begin my morning pushups. You must begin to work instantly. I did not miss a single day of training in that jail cell. I had no access to a gym. I had no access to any kind of workout equipment. It was just me in a jail cell with you with bottles of water, two liter bottles of water, holding them out as long as I could hold them out for. And then that dropped to the ground. Wait a few seconds and I do it again. Endless pushups. We had the time. Plus all we had is the time and the will in your mind. I never missed a day of training. Not a single day. I didn't sit and say I'm too depressed. I'm too sad. I was too cold in this freezing cell. We're a resident of food. We're a resident of food.  December, I didn't eat enough because it's Ramadan, no excuses. Every single day we train, we woke up disappointed, we swelled the disappointment and we got the training every single day. If we can trace use, if we can train in a freezing cold jail cell in Romania, the cockroaches all around us with no idea when we're going to be allowed freedom once again, you can train in a nice gym or air conditioned gym in California. What is your excuse? What is your excuse? Absolutely insane. Right. Now speaking of the BBC, there's two things I want to cover. I've got actually got these questions written down and you don't know about them. Talking about the British legacy media, how long do you think Philip Scofield's going to jail for and his friends? I mean Ralph Harrison, Jimmy Savler dead, but how long Scofield going to jail for and how did the BBC treat them? It's actually quite incredible because I'm a mentally resilient person. I am the top G.  But the level of assault that they have hit me with is enough to damage the mentality of nearly any man on earth. Not many men are equipped to deal with endless, hateful slander, slander day after day on every matrix medium to lead all your social media, delete all your bank accounts, attack you from every angle, accuse you of heinous crimes, and bring your face next to negative words day after day after day. And then when someone else who does it, someone who sold their soul to the matrix does something actually wrong when you've done nothing wrong, they treat him with kid gloves and they give him sympathy and they get rid of the story in two days. You're either part of the club or you're not. If you're part of the club, they protect you. You must sell your sanity and sell your soul and sell your mind and you can be protected. If you want to tell the truth, they will come for you and they will attempt to hurt you. And that's what's so important about all of this. Anybody who is watching our story and says, yeah, those guys are guilty. They are complete.  matrix minded, they don't understand anything about how the world works. Now, well, what were you doing in jail if you weren't guilty? What? What kind of statement is that? They could convict me and I'm still not guilty. I will never, ever, and I'm telling you this, my friends, not about this case, but about my previous life as long as I live for the next 50 years, while I am on this planet, no compelling evidence that I've ever harmed anyone is going to come to light. I have no skeletons in my closet. I am not the things they have labeled me as. I find it deeply offensive. I have a daughter. Let me tell you a story. I don't blame the other parents in our neighborhood for not letting their kids play with my daughter, because if somebody was labeled a human trafficker, I wouldn't want my kids near their house either, but my kids now aren't allowed friends. My mother is sad. She hasn't seen me in seven or eight months' time.  me and Andrew have iron minds, but not everyone around us does. The list of victims in this, including my beautiful personal assistant and her friend is in the hundreds, the hundreds. Me and Andrew are mentally resilient and mentally strong. But how would your mother react with you being thrown in jail for no reason? They're a sad, that's so sad, man. Then me and it upsets me. They really genuinely upsets me. I'm upset for them. I'm not upset. I was in jail. I'm upset my mom is crying. That's the crime. Absolutely. Guys, I put a tweet up here while I was in jail saying that it's time for me to write my book. And before we get into the details on what I'm going to write and when it can be written, I want you to understand that there's certain things we can say to the public and there's certain things we can say on mediums of information, distribution that we control. So I want to encourage absolutely everybody to sign up to our newsletter because our newsletter is going to have some more information coming shortly and less than 24 hours after this emergency meeting. In fact, I think I have something nice and fancy to show you guys.  Real updates. Yeah, we're gonna have real updates on the newsletter You can get to the newsletter on corporate take dot com. Let me see if I can find let me see if I can mr. Producer this mr. Producer that is not That's a verb. It's not to mr. Producer something to mr. Producer something is not a verb and you know Some's gonna add it to urban dictionary. You know what it means. D&G's in urban dictionary already Your mate. He's your mate, bro. He's your mate. He's not my mate. I didn't bite him here He's he's your mate. Let's try it speaking of mates. Pow! Look at that beautiful cool speaking of mates Cool, you're over to breath. I think you've got a new love interest, Andrew. Who's that girl? Do you remember I had that girl who kept coming to court and screaming? I love you It made it onto the news a few times. You've got one now. I've got who's that girl that waits outside the police station our house Hoping to catch a glimpse Oh, yeah, the girl like my number one fan. I love you. Yeah, are you a number one fan? And she'll spend hours and hours waiting in the cold just for a chance to like talk to me. Yeah Yeah, let's name again. Yeah, let me let me see  I don't know, but she is definitely a huge supporter of mine. No, massive. Is it Lucy? Is this a starting out? producer, give me two minutes. OK, we're going to talk about Andrew's number one fan in a minute. We're going to talk about it. Are we going to talk about in this emergency meeting? Because it's not my list. How much money you've spent since we've been in jail? What do you mean? Since we've been on house arrest. What do you mean? What do you mean? What money? I didn't know anyone. I don't even have money. They took all my money. Yeah, true. Yeah. And I was like, why are you so obsessed with me? So obsessed with me. My number one fan, never let's be down. Whenever-  I leave the house, which is very rarely nowadays. She's always waiting for me. Even if she has to wait hours and hours in the cold, even if she has to wait in the range, she's always there to show me support. It's actually quite beautiful, isn't it? To know that someone's obsessed and dedicated and loyal to you. Gentlemen, if you could find a woman like that in the world, wife or wife. Don't lose her. Don't lose her. And that's actually a good point. You have to understand, guys, think of everything you've done since Christmas. Me and Tristan have not left a jail cell or our house since Christmas. You've been stuck in a jail cell or our house since Christmas. But it's fine. It's given us lots of thinking time. And that's the big separation in the world today. You have people who think and people who do not think anymore. When you think, you see information and you process it and you come to your own conclusions based on your own life experiences and perhaps other inputs or other opinions from people around you, you actually consider ideas and consider opinions and think and decipher them. But when you don't think, you just listen to whatever you are told.  and you repeat it. And that's what we have. We no longer have a society with two different people, two different groups of people thinking in two different ways. You have a group of people who are thinking and a group of people who are repeating. It's very different to repeat information and to think about information. And that's actually what's truly scary when you understand that your detractors have no interest in the truth. We can sit and show endless evidence that we're completely innocent. They don't care. They don't care. I don't find that because if somebody ever says that to me, then I'm trying to finish the sentences because Rumbles trying to lack. Come on, man. Should I call the Rumbles CEO, get on his head, no homo, bang. And now we've been stuck in our house. This is what we're doing last year. Remember this? Well, bad. We were in Cannes in that villa with a beautiful pool of looking  the village for Canfield Festival. We don't look a bit more fun than jail. I'll give you that. That we were doing that, which was kind of nice. And then the Bugatti video, which I've already played at the beginning of this, but that was last year around this time. Let's show the world what we were doing this time last year. We were doing this. This was me signing the papers from my second Bugatti, which actually turned out to be my rematch, because I bought a rematch. And you know, gentlemen, this is a life lesson. When I say you have to go out and live. When I say you have to squeeze every drop of juice from the orange that is life. When I say you have to take the bad with the good, you have to go out and find adventure. Do things that are meaningful. I was in jail with some people, some real criminals who were really guilty. And they were looking at very, very long sentences. Older than me, 40 years old, 45 years old, 35 years old. And they were staring down the barrel of 15 plus years. Now they were in jail, crying, upset, mental breakdowns. People try to kill themselves in jail. Every jail in the world, I'm not criticizing the remaining jail.  But I have all of these lived experiences. I can sit and meditate and recreate experiences that most men couldn't even dream of. Most men's wildest dreams and wildest fantasies are not even 10% of some of the weekends or weeks or months of my life that I have lived. So that's what helped keep me sane and jail as well. I have to tell you. Do you remember exactly what you're doing on this day last year to this day at this time? No, was I in jail? No, no. This the last year exactly at this day at this time, you don't remember? Oh my god. Why do you have to butcher our first emergency back with your dumb shit? This isn't me. It's never been... We are not getting banned out here. Sorry I was muted. I'm not watching this. This is so weird. That's disgusting. Why does it look like that? So what's going on right now is  There's this weird naked thing where a horse unicorn had and it's currently performing for me. I feel like I'm at an American middle school and it's a drag queen performance. That has to be TOS. That is so weird. Why is he still playing it? Why is it still going? It's been 30 seconds. This is outrageous. Nah, I'll top G in the chat. All right, finally it's over. We can watch the thing again. But I found it. So the audience could know exactly what you're doing on this day last year. So you must admit that was some dedication on my behalf. I will give you that. Thank you. That is dedication. Thank you. It wasn't easy. You know, you doing this time last year. Well, you don't have Mr. Producer Powers. I'm not scared of you. I don't. I don't have Mr. Producer Powers. You're completely correct. No, no.  This this is actually a couple days. We have a kitchen the general's Number planes Tristan remember cars. How long has been driven across six months seven months? A long A long A long while A long while Amazing way, it's amazing to think you miss my crazy truly crazy But we have to be happy and we are happy and we promise we'd be happy We get a jail and we're very happy and we believe that we're gonna beat this in the end And we have no problems against remaining or the remaining judicial system We just have a process which we must complete. Yes, and then many judicial system to be fair It works slowly they have a lot of criminals. They're very tough on crime. It's very safe here I'll give them that it's a very very safe country So things work a little slower than innocent men may like but there are a bunch of men sitting in jail or house arrest waiting for trials Who are completely guilty? So you know, they're getting through their workload and they'll eventually they'll eventually do it Let's read some of these super chats. Oh super chats. Okay. I'm gonna here welcome back King some 98 Thank you very much and we'll speak he's in the war room. So we'll be speaking after this live broadcast to appreciate that $500 super chat welcome back we stand by you  In fact, every single super chat that comes today, all of them are getting dedicated to tape pledge. Every single one of them, if anyone doesn't know what tape pledge is, we donate over $25 million a year to charity. It's truly insane. These people who are out to get us, don't help anybody, don't donate any money to charity, don't have any interest in trying to fix the world. All we're trying to do is literally save earth. Well, the behind the scenes, Patrick Bettevi, clip off my house when he came into the room, he said, what is all this? And I had all that emergency food. I was like, yeah, I keep running up to the border of Ukraine. And he was like, well, what do you think about the Ukraine rush to war? I said, no, no. The politics are important. Why I think isn't important. What's important is there are women and children coming across the border with no food and no clothes. Absolutely. So I'm going to help. And he found all that. And he says, how come this hasn't been publicized? I'm like, publicized. I mean, it was all over my Instagram, which got deleted. But do you think the BBC vice are going to publicize me personally driving seven hour round trips up to the border to hand out food and clothes for women and children? No. And what makes me more sick is when people like the BBC say, you know your charity activities.  really taken off since you got out of jail before the accusation was even made. We helped finance a home for orphans and women who are victims of violence. I want to women who are victims of violence have a home to go to because me and you built that building way before these accusations were made. I can't even publicize that now because I'll be like, well you know two years ago because you were human trafficking you're probably doing it to cover up your own garbage. Let me show everyone on the show one take pledge you show one of the fantastic work we're doing around the world please. I always felt a bit embarrassed to tell people about the chair of EI do because when I do chair EI I think it should be from the heart not for likes but I understand now that all of the media is saying I'm a bad guy and I'm not even telling the world all the good I do because I don't think that's the right thing to do I think we should just give for you goodness of your heart not for attention but that's something for people to be saying I'm a bad person when I run a shelter for dogs in Romania because of the stray dog problem  because of the fact that I just recently re-built an entire orphanage because there's an orphanage problem in Romania. There'll be a plaque called the Tape Warfinage, on this orphanage, and you can see here messages of thank-yous from the children and the woman who's running it. I did this month ago. Before anybody disliked me, I didn't even tell anybody.  I have a charity which I own which takes care of street dogs normally. So I rescue dogs. I love laying. Come on. It's funny because the BBC's reporting is in large part not just the BBC CNN box news. All these media organizations they're reporting is why the wars in these countries continued. So we shake hands every day.  We're not in jail. We're not in jail. We should cans every day. We saw each other in jail. But the war is just beginning and I want to, I know this is the first emergency meeting. We have a lot to talk about. I know everybody wants all the juicy details, etc. They are going to come, but I want everyone to understand that I super genuinely appreciate all of the support. And I want to say something now because a lot of the people who support me say, but he hasn't been charged. He hasn't been charged. I agree with you. I haven't been charged, but I do believe if I had to predict the future that they will charge me and the reason they're going to charge me is not because there's any evidence or because I'm guilty, but because such a big song and dance has been made. It can't just drop it now. So this battle has just begun. I believe it's going to go all the way to the end. We're going to fight tooth and nail all the way to the end. So when you're supporting me, don't support me saying he hasn't been charged. Support me saying, we don't see any evidence of any crime. There's no evidence. And that's what's most important regardless whether you're charged or not because different legal systems are different and there's certain countries you can charge with very little evidence at all. So it's an unfortunate situation but we have to gather our chief and prepare for battle and I want everyone to know that your thoughts and  very much appreciated and that we are here telling you the absolute truth and that God will win in the end and truth will win in the end and we truly believe that in the end we will be vindicated because we don't hurt anybody. We have no reason to hurt anybody. We have no motivation to hurt anybody. Especially to the people of Romania because I want to stress one more time. I understand that the Romanian country of Romania, the people of Romania are victims in this almost as much as me and you are. I understand it looks bad when the BBC say all they move to Romania to human traffic is this although as though this is a place to human traffic people with the world's most Christian country, one the safest countries in Europe, a place to human traffic people. That reflects very badly. When they say they threw them in jail for no reason this would have happened in any country I was in. It would have happened in any country where Andrew decides to open his big mouth and tell the truth about the world. So we just so happen to live here. So I understand I want to especially thank my fans and supporters from this great country of Romania because this is my home, this is your home. We want the best for this place and we do not want this to reflect badly on the country.  win this is over and it will be over one day. I swear by the Lord Jesus Christ himself to do everything within my power and within my influence to help repair the reputational damage that this country has suffered. Absolutely. Oh, I got goosebumps. These two gentlemen, I don't care what you think about them. The fact that they're saying the people in prison, the bodyguards, the lady that was cooking the food in prison exceptionally nice and they were nice to them. That's how you should be. Even if people are genuinely being hateful towards you, just be nice. Treat other people the way you want to be treated. So the fact that they're not going at the Romania and saying, because that's what I be doing. I'd be like, hey, no, Romania is racist. I'll be saying everything to get out of jail. But they're just there like, all right, it's just part of the job. It's just it's just what's supposed to happen. It was going to happen anywhere else.  and we're just in Romania, Romania has nothing to do with this. So, hey, what a W, man. I'm sorry I had the pause, but that just touched me, because that's how I try to treat people. And yeah, it's kind of scary that you say that, because you're right. We've reached a level now where almost nowhere is safe for us. And I also, while I'm predicting the future, which is exactly what I do, and I won't be able to understand when I predict the future, that shows that they're lying. If I can predict the future accurately, telling, like I've been doing this entire time, that shows that they're going to lie. So, I believe that this matrix attack is just begun. I believe it's gonna go tooth and nail all to the end, and I believe it fails that other countries will attempt to matrix attack us. That's why I believe we've now reached that stage, and we have to make a decision in our hearts, Tristan, if we want to just disappear and be rich and not help anybody and not tell the truth anymore, if we want to sit here and continue to do podcasts, and genuinely try and inspire and help the youth. I'm not going anywhere. We have to make a decision. But Tristan, we can just disappear, we can just be rich, and we can just go away, and we don't have to talk anymore. Why don't we just...  do that. I refuse to live as a coward. I refuse to live without purpose. The movement that you've started and the letters I get from mothers saying, wow, my sons are now getting in shape. They're not playing video games. I haven't called them on porn. The letters I'm getting from wives, saying my husband is more productive, more protective. He loves us more. He cares about us more. The letter, I can't just stop doing that because they want to tell lies about me, what tell people that I steal TikTok money, unbelievable stories. And in fact, I'll get to another point. Yes, right now I'm in Romania. There are many countries in the world that I love. I'm going to use Croatia as an example. I absolutely love Croatia. I love it. Now, I don't know exactly what I do. I can't say exactly who's attacking me and why. I can't say that. And I probably will never say that. But let me tell you something. If you are a member of the Croatian parliament, the Croatian police force, the Croatian government, when you get emails, if I'm hanging out in Croatia saying these guys.  are doing something illegal in your country, go and arrest them. Just don't do it and don't believe it because they will slander your country to slander me. There are many countries across the world that I love. If I am in Saudi Arabia and a member of the Saudi government gets an email from my attackers, I know who they are saying these guys are human trafficking in Saudi Arabia and they print it on the BBC. People of Saudi Arabia know. People of Italy, people of Croatia, I love your countries, I respect the laws of every country I have ever gone to. Please, for the love of God, nip this in the bud. Please, for the love of God, look at what has happened here and do your best to make sure your country doesn't suffer the reputational damage that Romania has suffered. Say, how do you know this and why? Show us the evidence. Check that it's not AI deep fakes or made up conversations and then just tell them to get lost because everybody loses besides my attackers. They hide, isolated behind their golden walls up in their ivory  powers sending emails and requests around the world telling good people from good countries that bad things are happening there because of me making your countries look bad, making us look bad, give them the finger, tell them where to stick it next time they try this because there are so many countries in the world that I adore and I swear on my children's lives I will never do anything illegal in any of these countries just as I've never done anything illegal here. So be prepared for it because I know all important people want these podcasts. I know be prepared for it if I ever step foot in your country to be ordered to attack me from an outside source. Don't do it without reason. But if I do something illegal, please lock me in jail. But trust me, why don't we just be quiet and disappear? This is what I'm saying. Trust me, we can just give up and just quit and we can just go away and we can just live our lives and we don't have to be scared of going to jail for no reason. Maybe we should just do that. Maybe we should just be cowards and give up. There are lots of things we could do. But what are you going to do? It's not us to be cowards, is it? It's not the takeaway.  I've never been in a socks and cowl. We never have. Never will be. TMTJ. Right. One more super chat here. I'm going to read out. Andron, Tristan, I want to thank you both for inspiring me and millions of other men. I'll pass on your message to my own two sons. That's fantastic to hear. I love that because the children of the future are absolutely. The con name will be honored and respected as it absolutely not really should. Of course it should. All these super chats are going to dedicate it to take pledge. Like I said, all this money is going directly to feeding people all around the world. In fact, I'll make sure we make a specific video for the next emergency meeting showing exactly where the money went and who exactly was that. I'll be greatly in your organization to fight against evil. See you soon. Thank you very much. And a lot of people who are wondering how to support us. You do have to support us by telling the truth. And be nice to people. I want you to be nice. If you're a tape fan, I want the entire world to see you as a nice person. When you say, when people say, why are you so nice? Why are you dressed so well? Like, and your tape dresses. Unlike Tristan. Why are you so well dressed? Why are you so polite? Why are you so intelligent? Why are you so courteous? Why are you so strong? Why do you train so hard? Why do you give so much money to charity? Why do you help people?  I want you to say because I am a fan of Andrew Tate and I believe that if you do good for the world the world does good for you And God as a whole is watching every single one of us and if you do good things He ensures that good things come back to you. I absolutely can guarantee you I promise it even though I went to a jail cell and sat there for 93 days I know that in the end if you do good things God is gonna reward you. I absolutely not only know that so a lot of people Andrew Don't know Well in fact Most people know who you are everyone in the world knows who you are. You're the famous one. I'm just a guy who has to go to jail with us But you be in the famous one Everyone knows who you are and since you're in prison and more people know who you are a lot of people don't know where you come from so although this is going to be A familiar story to maybe 10 20 30,000 of you watching there are a lot of new faces There are a lot of new people tuned into our podcasts I want people to know exactly who Andrew Tate is Where he's from and that will tell you exactly why they're trying to do this to us. So Andrew  Tell us about your past. Tell us about you growing up. Tell us about your story. Where are you from? Who is Andrew Tate? Andrew Tate is a man who grew up in America until he was around 10 and then he moved to England in a council estate, homeless shelter first, homeless shelter, then moved to a council estate where only our mother raised us We're from a single parent household and the council estate in Luton in England We came from the absolute bottom income bracket that possibly exists and now we're in the top income bracket That can both be exist and we've gone through every single income bracket and all the different echelons of life and learned many lessons along the way and we've inspired many people along the way and one of the things We preach and teach to people as a whole is not only mental Regidity, but we also explain that it's very difficult to escape the matrix if you don't have any money and that making money is Exceptional important is not just important to be greedy and by Lamborghini It's important because you're not allowed a free thought. You're not allowed a free mind if you don't have money In fact, I have a video that explains this perfectly Let me try and find the video and explain that please and I'm why you're saying that I'll say do you really believe?  that when the British government spends money, funds anti-Android tape programming in schools. During World War II, you were allowed to talk about Hitler in school. You're allowed to talk about the leaders of Argentina during the Falkland Wars in school. You're allowed to talk about serial killers and terrorists in school when they appear. School shooters, you could talk about these people. The British government is funding school programs to make sure kids are not allowed to talk about Andrew Tate. Do you think that's because you're a mixed-race kid from the council, from the council of states, from the hood who grew up to be rich and successful, who doesn't necessarily believe in the prescribed paths that schools are telling you to go down? Or do you think it's because you once said that men are petri-drivers and women eight years ago? What, what, no, let me ask you at home. Why do you think it is? No. If you're at school, you can get suspended, expelled and punished for talking about Andrew Tate. It's because he once said eight years ago that men are petri-drivers.  or doesn't make more sense that this guy is from the working class. He's a working class man and we want the working class working. We want them running the factories down in the coal mines. We don't want them up here drinking Louis the 13th cognac and expensive cigars and seeing the world from our point of view realizing how things really work, realizing how money really works, being truly free, that's why you shouldn't talk about Andrew Tate. What's going on over here? Inside in your own mind, why you think it is that the British government is censoring the greatest rags to riches, homeless shelter to multi-multimillionaire story that has ever come out of a British councilist state arguably. Why are they censoring it? Well, maybe this video will give some context. Let's listen very carefully to the words of the worker. Listen to what the worker says here. It's very, very important. This video actually saddens me because to see the flag of Great Britain on the floor like this, at the end of the day I'm having a wish I grew up in England and part of me is extremely patriotic and although  the English government's out to get me, although their matrix attacking me, and although they're lying about me, part of me will always be English. It's very sad what's happened to the UK's a whole look at this video and listen to the worker. It's very important what he says. Please listen. W's dream of me. Don't fucking flag down, mate. I don't know. I don't know. What is he saying? I literally don't know. What is he saying? I literally don't know. Oh my. I'm not even English. British man walks across the worker and says you're tearing down the wrong flag, mate. And he says you think I don't know that? But he has to pay the bills. They want the working class working. He has to pay the bills. All he can do is do what the matrix wants him to do. Because if he refuses, he loses his job and his kids can't eat and then guess what? They get the next worker. Someone will do it. It's not everyone's.  gonna lose their job. Someone's gonna go and change the flags. They don't want that working class man rich and successful enough to buy his own business and fly his own flag until I'm the fuck off with their propaganda. He does, they don't want him free enough to say I'm allowed a point of view and in my point of view putting the British flag on the floor throwing it on the ground and the dirt is disgusting. I don't think I should be doing this. No, you're not allowed to do that. You need to rely on their money because if you need their wage to eat, it's very difficult to have an opinion. That's one of the main reasons they don't like what we do Tristan because not only we are rags to rich a story but we also teach people how to escape the matrix. We say things that actually work. If we were scammers, if we were crypto scammers, if we sold some bullshit energy drink full of sugar to children, if we were gambling, if we promote gambling like everyone does on these other stupid stream sites, if we did things which were degenerate and hurting people, they wouldn't be out to get us. But as soon as we sit and say to people, we'll teach you how to be financially free enough to have an opinion to be able to sit and resist helping the matrix. Report, propaganda.  And on the citizens around you, that's when they attack you. They attack you when you try to help people. That's what's scary. I'm gonna play that video again. I want everybody to listen to what the worker says. He says, do you think I don't know that he is genuinely hurt in his heart to do his job? But what choice does he have? God bless that man. You're taking the wrong fucking flag down mate. At least you know that. It would be so easy for us to just sell a shit coin or sell some junk and we would not have any matrix attacks. All of this is coming because kids are getting kicked out of school because they're making money with Hulsas University. They join Hulsas University and make more money than their teacher and their teacher saying, well, I'm gonna suspend you then. Why? Because why? Because you can retire your mother because you can help your family because you can buy a knife.  car. No, because when you have money, you don't listen to them. Now, you promote Hussler's University, but there was a conspiracy theory that Hussler's University taught people how to human traffic. It's an app that hundreds of thousands of people use. There's no, no evidence of this. It's apparently an app that teaches people how to human traffic. And you believe this? I made a, I made an app that teaches people how to commit the most detestable crime almost in the world. And it's been thriving forever. And we promote it. It can't be believed by a thinking person. It simply cannot believe, believe it. They don't want you free. If you're a man and you're watching this, please understand that their ideal scenario is that every single man needs to wage. Every single man is afraid to talk back. Every single man is afraid to have an opinion. He pays the taxes. He shuts up. He goes home. His wife barely respects him. His kids don't talk to him. His kids only listen to what they're told in school. They're completely programmed and you're not allowed to say anything. And if they tell you to do something, you must do it and you must comply or you cannot eat.  That is what they want. And when you teach freedom of mind as we do, we must also teach financial freedom. Please understand, Tristan and I are not stupid people. We've sat around and discussed this at length. There is no point in us telling you how to be mentally free. If you're not financially free, because if you're not financially free, but your mind is free, do you know what happens? You lose it. You would lose your mind. If your mind was free, but you were not allowed to talk. If you still had to go along with the matrix control to genders, that is absolutely not really destructive to the human mind, psyche and soul. The reason we teach you to be financially free is so that you can say what you think. And because it works, that is why they attack us. That's why they don't just attack us. They attack everyone around us. They attack us as university. They attack everything they can. Everyone who follows us. Everyone who follows us who gets attacked. They attack anybody and everything they can because they know what we do works. And that's the scary part about it. If we were selling garbage, if we were lying to you, if we were pumping crypto coins, if we were selling shit energy drinks and gambling and bullshit, like every other influencer, none of this would be happening to us.  the fact that we actually free and help people is the reason this happens to us. Hostler's University, Hostler's University. Hostler's University 4.0 is an online university helping people like you make money online. I started December 16th and I- You go and need to pay up top G. No free promo. No free promo. But I think organizations like Custler's University, or any online course or community is good for people that aren't experienced with e-commerce or stocks. It's good to just have a community of people that are trying to achieve the same goals. You never know. You might meet someone that pushes you and you pushes them. You can build a clan that way. But if you're someone that grew up on the internet, grew up on hustling. Like you were a real hustler like-  to get ways to make money like myself here than yeah no you don't need hustlers university but yeah no the community aspect of it is money no free promises university no free promise gotta pay pay for my two viewers top G or my one viewer whatever we're on now so one of the main things I've been trying to clear upon this podcast is Romania I've been trying to clear this up saying the matrix would have all right Jose says yeah mentally free but financially would have attacked me in every single other country and I hope after this broadcast goes out I get no more messages about Romania attacking me and Romania doing something wrong because this could have happened anywhere you know what I'm glad it was Romania I'm glad it was Romania because the Romanian people from the judges to the  police to the common citizen share my values. They're good Christian people who want to do good things and I trust Romania. It reminds me of a scene, there's a movie I liked called Road to Predition. It's a movie about a man and his son. The man Tom Hanks is in the mafia and there's a guy who raises him almost like a father, a big mafia boss. And some of you who've seen the movie will probably know this scene but this big mafia boss of all the people who want to kill him. He knows the world is out to get him. He knows at any time he's going to get shot, he's going to get killed. That's the life that he's living as a criminal. Now he's walking to his car one day after betraying Tom Hanks, the main character. And machine gun fire starts spewing out of nowhere. Look up this scene if you have time. And all of his guards are taken out. He sees his driver is dead. He's locked out of his car and Tom Hanks approaches him in the rain and aims this Tommy gun at this mafia boss. And the mafia boss is last word. He's  dares him straight in the eye and he says, I'm glad it's you. And Tom Hanks pulls the trigger. I'm glad this trigger, which has nothing to do with this country was pulled by Romania because now it's the Romanians who will deal with the situation and I trust the Romanians. Absolutely. And talking about support, I got another video here that I wanted to play about the kind of support we're getting and especially from women around the world. Let's play this one here. Let's start off by saying, Andrei Tape would actually pull in the category of being a high value man because he's good looking, and he's successful, he's in shape. I believe a lot of the stuff that he says is very positive. It's very much about looking into, you know, self-reflection. To me, Andrei Tape was one man who stood up for what he believed in. As he mentions in his final message, his most viewed video was how to fight depression. He's empowering young men to take past responsibility over their mental health, over their physical health, how to become a better man. And he has a never-hard anybody. He tells the truth.  And the truth is we are living in a society that wants you to masculate men and everything that you teach is to empower men. I was lucky enough to have met this man and I can say that the person that I listened all the way out there is really beautiful to yourself and the truth is all. Exactly. When you look at that, you can see it's not just a human, a human character. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. I can say no. Is it intro dangerous? or the fourth one  the victims, ask the prosecutors to drop their name off the victims. What's going on here? Absolutely and sometimes when you're true to yourself, they may seem like the matrix is trying to convince you that if you're a weak little cock and you're a feminist and you're a little coward that women will likely more know, women respect men who stick by their principles and their beliefs and the principles and beliefs of a man are always to do what he is supposed to do regardless of how he feels. You must train when you don't feel like training, you must protect me, you don't feel like protecting, you must be a good man and when you're actually a truly good man and a high value man, this is something I absolutely realized in jail. What did I say to you? I think we were in jail about two months. It was one of the harder days. It was during Ramadan and I lost 30% of my food to cockroaches. The hard days? The hard days. And unfortunately, I had one meal a day but the meal came during the sun shines so I had to try and protect my food from  in the sun. And I remember losing most of the food for the day. And I was particularly upset because I trained so hard by muscles were aching and I couldn't get any food. And only in once a day, once a day. And I said to you, I said, Tristan, I have no problem suffering if the people I love are not suffering. My children are taken care of. The women I love are taken care of. My mother is taken care of. Everybody around me is fine. Even if they've removed me from my life and locked me in a jail cell, everybody, I... Oh, the, the bros say children. He got more than one. I love is taken care of it. It is taken care of and is protected and is living good. I must suffer because I am a man. I am the head of my empire. I'm the head of the clan. Of course I will suffer, but the people I love are not suffering. This is what God has bestowed upon. Important men says the beginning of time. Not just important men. All men. The men in the Titanic as the boat was going down about to be sucked into the icy cold water. Some of the last thoughts in those men's head. I know, I know.  was at least I saw my daughter and my wife get on that boat. Absolutely. I'm happy to plunge into this ice cold water because there they are on that boat away from danger. Everyone we love and everyone in the world who we care about was taken care of. And I said, Andrew, would you rather us both be at liberty but someone else in our life suffer? Mum suffer, our kids suffer. The mothers of our children suffer? No, I'm glad it was me. I'm glad I was the one who was suffering and everyone else was okay because that's what being a man means. When you're a man, absolute you're right. It is our job to suffer so the people around us do not suffer. And that's why if you're a man and you're waking up every day and you're not trying your very best to be important or upgrade yourself or upgrade your character, you're lacking motivation, then you have a serious problem because it is your job to be capable of dealing with the insurmountable pressure which God is going to put upon you so that when you suffer everyone around you does well. Our lives are set up that even if they throw us an adunch in today, everybody we love will be okay. Forever. And that is what's most important. That's the most important thing. That's success. And that was...  absolute comforting, that was absolutely comforting and jail when we would discuss that and we said everyone we love is okay. You and I just have to make it through this and that's absolutely not really comforting and if you're a man singing at home right now you need to sit and say okay if they plucked me from my life, if they picked me up at through me in a room and locked me in a jail cell. Which can happen. Which could happen to anybody especially as they continue these matrix attacks on masculine is a whole. Would your wife have a roof over her head? Would your children eat? Would your family be okay? Think about these things. These is what you're working for. You're not working to make money so you can buy a Lamborghini. You're working to make money and you're thinking outside of the box and you're becoming your best version of yourself so all the people around you will always be okay no matter what happens. Your job is a man to suffer and we did our job fantastically absolutely not only as we should and we always will and everybody around us was okay and that is extremely comforting in times of hardship because we're built for suffering. We were absolutely not really built for suffering no matter how close I came to crying inside of that jail cell I knew all the people around me were safe and all the people around me could eat and that's all I care  about. I used my phone calls when I would call other people and they're asking me how I was. I said, we don't want to talk about me. How are you? Are you okay? Are you okay with the media pressure? Are you okay? Is your, are your bills paid? Is that a little bit of a lie to me? Is going to starve? How can you live that way as a man? Absolutely not really unacceptable. Outstanding in the rain. And that actually comes onto another point that I want to mention about these other influencers and these other people out here who have influence, the ones which are controlled and and taught by them and purported by the matrix and pushed out there for everybody to listen to. What do any of them even teach? How does your life get better from listening to any of these people? What do they teach you? What do they tell you? What are they in still inside of you? Once the last time you've listened to them and thought of firing your soul or firing your blood to become a better man? Once the last time you listened to them and thought I need to give more money to Jerry. I need to help people. I need to set my life up so that people I love will always be okay.  to retire my mother and make money so she doesn't have to work anymore. Once the last time any influencer on anywhere on the internet, any of them, any of these people streaming this garbage on Twitch and kicking all these shit websites, once the last time any of them have ever helped anybody. I don't even watch this crap. But when I see little clips of it on Twitter, I sit and say, who's watching this? This is not even teaching anybody anything. You know where the only influencers on the planet who don't have to dance around like children or make stupid jokes or pretend to be gay when we're not or do dumb shit and put on a costume or do something else for fucking views. We don't have to act like clowns. We're not clowns. We just tell the truth. Every other influencer to some degree is a clown where they don't get any attention at all. We can just sit here and tell the truth and have that'd be the most Googled men on the planet, the most respected people on the planet, pulling 300,000 people to watch us live by telling the truth and improving people's lives. That's why they're scared of us because we're not clowns. The second we put on a Pokemon suit and act like jackasses, they'll stop putting us in fucking jail. Yeah. And you just don't know what it is. Put it up, set to me because...  shows they don't give a shit about you. Michael Jackson said it. They don't care about us. Listen to the song. They don't care about you. The fact that we're gonna sit here and say to you after this stream you need to drop and do some pushups if you're half a man. Every single 300,000 one of everything a 300,000 of you. Do pushups when this is over. Wake up tomorrow stronger than you were today. Oh, yes, we gotta do it. He said do pushup. Because we tell you to do that. Because we make you a better version of yourself so that you can help everybody around you and become a better man. They want us gone. But if we were fucking clowns we'd be allowed to sit here forever. That's why they locked us in a jail cell to suffer because we try and fucking help people. It's genuinely good against evil. This isn't about some bullshit case. It's not about BBC and Lucy and these trafficking or human trafficking. No, this is genuinely good against evil. And it upsets me in my heart that we live in a world now where the absolute evil is out here. Not only trying to hurt us but hurt everybody around us and everybody we try and help. Not only you at home.  But also all the people we rely on we have children. They're locking us in a jail cell leaving our kids without fathers for what? What have we done to anybody? Tick-tock tick-tock sitting here telling you to be a better version of yourself at the train hard to be dedicated and they want to put us in a jail cell It's disgusting. What's happened to us? Good rant. What's up, SoulTan? Watching from Dubai. I will say this because that was the podcast. I gotta go to Dubai for some insane I didn't do it The desert power device If I carry on the trajectory I'm carrying on they're gonna put me in jail Because I'm too lazy. What do you guys think of this so far? We got four people in here Great this emergency meeting one item time that makes rules for the good of the people to make the rules and a lot of the life paths laid out to the average man at home We can pause that Geez Our man says I'm a G No, I'm not yet  I'm working towards it. But yeah, I'm better off the most people. I'm happy, my family's good. I'm a young G in the making. All right, no, let's keep watching this. This is a huge injustice the way we see it. They should not be detained at this point. There are not even charges filed against it. I'm just proud of this. I think we're here, not because it doesn't exist. That's the politicians, that's the judges. You're ready? Go for it! I mean the best for people. I want everyone to be successful. I want the world to be a better place. And I think the world's a better place based on the back of strong men who stand up for what they believe in. I think that's how the world's always been a better place. The Matrix program, he says, the opposite, to be a better place. All the men need to be weaklings and compassionate without any morals or without any hard lines or beliefs. And they must talk in a very, very soft way. And we need to be very, very compassionate and very, very tolerant and all these things. But if you look...  Look at history, the only time things were peaceful and nice when strong men stood up with their sword, you said no, this is mine, this works this way, no one's gonna come fuck with it. I think that masculinity and strength is what makes things beautiful and is what reserves things are anymore. This is what's missing. Alright, I mean, it's lagging. I don't think we need to see more of this, honestly. Yeah. Yeah, just recapping, going through every other take quote. Ah, this was a good podcast. They really lived up to the expectations. Is this the end? Cause I gotta go do stuff. I came back from the gym and I did some boxing. Find out the emergency meeting starting. So I was sweating while this stream was starting. I was breathing heavy. I couldn't breathe like George Floyd. I felt like there was a knee on my neck, but I'm energetic now. I feel good. Dang, the super.  That's a crazy. A lot of people donated money to this. What should I donate? They have enough money. 11 out of 10. Yeah, I think this is a good emergency meeting. I think what's crazier is the fact that five accusations were removed, five out of the, well, I guess there's six counts and five of them were removed. And only one count of human trafficking is getting prosecuted, which means there's no evidence. And by the way, Romanian law says you're allowed to arrest them and keep them under arrest to continue your investigation. That's the whole purpose of the investigation continuing, right? Well, here's the problem. If they were investigating since 2021, I believe, when they invaded the Tate House, the same.  way they did not or was it 2022 in April. So they had all those months to investigate. Why did they need to arrest them again? Keep them arrested, take all their cars, only to be dropping counts off the investigation. That doesn't make sense. That means the prosecution has very little evidence, at least evidence that can convince a jury to convict. And let's say they do convict the Tates and manage to get a jury pool of corrupt people that they can buy off. That's going to be something interesting. I don't know. I mean, I wouldn't trust Romania's judicial system to carry out justice correctly because if they did, this investigation wouldn't exist because anyone that's not biased. I mean, look, I'm not the biggest tape-meat writer in the world. This man says things that make me go, I don't believe in that. That's a little bit weird. A lot of the red post space says things that I don't agree with, especially when...  when it comes to cheating, I think cheating is just demonic. It's evil. Stop cheating on your wives. Stop cheating. It's just, it's terrible. It's sin. So I disagree with tape on a variety of things. But I'm a person that enjoys free speech. That's why I dedicate my time to watch tape because he's banned. I like watching people that they don't want me to watch. Because if someone's tongue is cut off, that doesn't mean what they were saying was false. It just means the person that cut off their tongue was afraid of what the person was saying. When they cut a man's tongue off, they're not proving him to be wrong. They're just terrified of what he has to say. So I love supporting free speech. And I think that's absolutely critical in this day and age. Tape calls it the matrix. I call it, you can call it the cabal, the deep state, the globalist, the people that really control the world, the 50.  Families it ain't that many people you think Bill Gates controls the world, but who controls Bill Gates bank account Those are the people we got look at you know what I'm saying So the people that control the world clearly don't like this guy and I know why Because he's like the anti-propaganda He just says whatever's on his mind. He's incredibly rich and they don't like that. They don't like the fact that he's telling people You don't have to wear makeup Oh wow George Jacob was in here dang eight and eight and Ross is in here as well There's a whole compilation going It's all anything you're just a feather in the wind waiting for life to blow you from happy place to sad place to happy place to Sad place completely hoping on the gods to be fortunate to you because of any genuine discomfort comes your way you're fucked It's so easy to win if you can control your own mind But it seems nobody fucking can  And that? Actually, I agree with that. I think nowadays it's so much easier to be exceptional. 50 years ago, if you wanted to be in the upper echelon of life, super successful, lots of millions of dollars, and actually a million dollars met a lot 50 years ago, because inflation wasn't so rampant. You could have tried, but it would have been really tough if you didn't invent anything or have any big business. It was tough to get rich, 50 years ago, let alone 100 years ago, and 150 years ago. Now we have e-commerce. We're less of a production economy, or a production society, especially the West. Now we're a consumption economy, meaning people are consuming things and not producing them, which means services are way more popular than factories.  You don't drive anywhere in America and see a factory. I'm sure in China, there's factories everywhere because that's the country that makes everything nowadays. Instead, we're a consumption economy, meaning services, videos, content, manicure services, dentists. That's the economy we live in. It's so much easier to make money if you live in a Western nation and you have access to the internet. You can create content and people will watch and pay you money. So the fact that many people are still slaves to the system, despite the ease, the lower barrier of entry is kind of ludicrous if you think about it. I'm sad for the people around me who I love who rely on me, not just on me for money, but also for my presence as a whole. I'm sad they want to take me away from my fucking children. I'm sad they want to leave me to rot in a hole for what? What for?  And I'm sad that they want to turn me into a coward and I either have to go and live in and sit in my room with all my money and try to distract myself with head and his own and a bunch of women will go on a boat and delete my Twitter account and just shut up and be and be a happy coward or I have to sit and be a sad hero. And there's no one between that's what I'm sad about that's what really upset me that I'm left with those two choices. I'm either a hero who must suffer endlessly. This is just the beginning. None of this is going away. You think this is going away? This is just the beginning of all of it. It's never going to fucking end. They're going to continue to attack me for the end of time no matter what. They're going to keep doing it to me. And I'm sad that my children are going to wake up every day wondering if dads and jail for no reason or if dad's been assassinated yet. You think they're going to allow me to continue to spread good when they're truly evil and they're hearts on putting a bullet in my head? I'm sad knowing that I got the best life on earth and the only thing I have to do is be a coward to live it. But I don't want to fucking wake up every day looking over my shoulder worried about being killed. And the alternative to it is to wake up every day and feel like a fucking pussy because I don't tell the truth. I'm left with two shit choices. Why?  For following God for telling people to be a good person. It's disgusting. What's happening to me? I'm sad not for me. I'm sorry for everybody around me is disgusting. I don't know I If they don't have to kill me first if there was a if there was a choice There's not even a choice in my mind I can't live as a coward. I can't live as a person. I can't sell my sanity I can't throw my brain away and sit out here and just fucking lied everybody and tell them to be slaves like everybody else can I can't put on a Pokemon costume. I'm be a fucking clown I can't be that person. I have to be the person who tells the truth and tries to improve the world I've always done my best to help people. We donate so much money to charity name another person name one detractor or one person who hates us Who's donating a penny to anybody who's feeding anybody? None of them are nobody cares It's just you and me with the only people out here doing it All the people who are after us now for money and these fake charges and his fake garbage that was trying to steal all our wealth What will they do with it? Will they donate it to charity? Will they help anybody? Of course not They have no interest in helping anybody with the only ones out here  I'm sitting and we try to help people and I'm sad that that affects the people I love most. That's what makes me sad. Well, I'm by your side and won't negatively affect me. If I have to sit in jail, I'll sit in jail. They're going to shoot you, I'll stand in the way, go down together. Fuck them. It's always been that way for you and me, my friend. And that's what they're most jealous of. It's the fact that you and I have something that most people don't have, which is genuine brotherhood. And that's what they fear most when you have men who have aligned principles who respect those principles more than life itself. That's what they're afraid of. Absolutely. And that's what they're afraid of. They're afraid that we can't be bought. They have tried to buy us and we won't sell. That's what they're afraid of. That's what they're most afraid of and they'll continue to be most afraid of. No outro. My man just cooked the mystic meal.  and said I might drop or headphones drop. Wow absolute respect what that was. That was a great show right there. I'm kind of tired man. I'm tired. Wow, nah he cooked for real they cooked my oh man. Dude for some reason I speak weirder when I have headphones on. I like your myself talk. It gets me through my sentences better. Alright man good stream. Don't worry. We might go live tomorrow again but I got enough clips from today. Ah the amount of titles I got. Andrew Tate shocks the upper. I'm gonna clip out so many sections of this stream but thank you boys.  anyone that was in here that popped in I appreciate it got eight likes that's a W three viewers it was consistent and yeah man I have some content planned some things coming but we got a growth so let's I'm gonna keep milk and take the views because it's working and once once we get to 500 subscribers or no a thousand subscribers get monetized I'm gonna cook I'm gonna cook every day I'm not gonna stop cooking the food will be on the table I'm gonna be a bread winner for all of you guys man bread winner of content you know my advice to everyone is don't just consume self-help because take is ultimate self-help you know his content is the ultimate self-help don't just consume that do your own thing have something you're working on consume tape for entertainment  and for nuggets of wisdom that you otherwise wouldn't have known unless you watched. But don't consume him and think if I keep watching every single piece of content podcast he makes I'm gonna become like him. No you gotta become your own person. Have things you're working on. Yeah am I my my Wafflin? My Wafflin is the British say my Wafflin? I think I'm cooking but yeah I'm out I'm out.