 All right, ladies and gentlemen, I honestly wish that I could say happy Thursday to you, but it's not a happy Thursday. It's a dark Thursday. And it's because I'm going to go to prison for a very long time. In fact, Rabbi Schmooly has filed another FBI report against me. I'm going to tell you a little bit about it right here at the top. The following is not satire. I am not trying to be funny and I want you guys to be serious. In fact, this was just published in the Jerusalem Post. That's how serious it is. And here's what it reads. It reads that Rabbi Schmooly's daughter, Raquel, has, quote, reported a threatening pizza delivery to the FBI, escalating tensions in the Boteic Owens feud over anti-Semitism. Yes, there was an uncoach or pizza that was sent to their home and the FBI was contacted about me. We're going to talk about that. Also, and you're taking, and you're taking, in case you missed it, they have been released. You know, they were detained. Potentially they're going to have to go to prison. It turns out the judge says, no, I'm going to release them. But you have got to see this clip because they  certainly, Andrew at least certainly had some choice words for the establishment media, truly a must-watch. That's what we have coming up on Candace. All right, let's jump right into this. Let's start with Andrew Tate because he is constantly referencing the matrix. He always talks about the matrix and the matrix is attacking me. Let's actually slow that down for a second. Why is he saying that? What does he mean when he says the matrix is coming after me? Well, of course you're going, Candace obviously he's referring to the movie, the series, the 1999, began in 1999, the series The Matrix, which if you haven't seen it, I don't know why you haven't, it actually is fantastic set of films it really is. But I'll tell you briefly, it's about the technological downfall of humanity. It presents a world...  in which humans are not aware that they are being enslaved by artificial intelligence. Essentially, reality is being simulated for them. And they believe it's reality, but it's not actually reality. So they have the protagonist of the film. It's this guy named Neo. He is described as the one. And he's hunted down by agents and deemed to be a terrorist threat to the false reality that the machine has created. The threat that Neo opposes, by the way, is simply that he might free human mind. He might wake up people to understand that. Wait a second. Our reality is now being simulated for us. And of course, that would be a threat for the machine. Then there is the character, the agent Smith. Everybody remembers agent Smith, for those of you who have seen the films. And though he presents as a human, he's really just per Wikipedia, AI. An AI program in the Matrix that is programmed to keep order within the system by terminating any human simulacra that would bring instability to this simulated reality, as well as any...  programs that no longer serve a purpose to the machine collective. So essentially he shows up to take people out when they stop, when they stop realizing that, when they start to realize rather that they are in a simulated reality. He wants to make sure that that doesn't spread. That's almost like a virus realizing like, oh, wait a second, it's not so. Everything is not what it seems. And so it might seem childish to some people when Andrew Tate says that we are living in a matrix, but I am not one of those people that deems it to be childish because I see exactly what he is speaking about. And I would imagine that a lot of people who watch this podcast also see it, right? We are recognizing that we have a bunch of agents, Smiths, another term for that might be Operation Mockingbird, who are sent out to protect and to defend the state. If we're looking at them as the machine, that is simulating our reality all the time. And I think probably no clearer example of that in the past, than watching the way that people who were saying, hey, maybe don't run out and get this new vaccine, or instantly slapped down. A bunch of agents, Smiths came out, sent your danger.  You're going to kill grandma. You're a grandma killer. You're so selfish. You had psychologists writing articles claiming that even people who had perceived themselves as perhaps wanting to think about the vaccine were displaying symptoms of being a psychopath. I mean, the entire machine was making people believe in reality. Everyone was going to die unless they got in line. That, my friends, is the matrix. And there have been a lot of times that this has happened. We saw this with the Me Too movement. We saw this with BLM and you can see how people really are programmed according to whatever it is that they are watching across the mainstream media. They're just echoing each other all the time. And people never really peep their head up and imagine like, hey, what if they're all lying? What if they're enslaving my mind? What if people that they're telling me are the good guys are the bad guys? And maybe some of the bad guys are the good guys. These are the sorts of thoughts that I've been having for years and recognizing, yes, there is something there. And the really bad guys are not people that the stake goes after like Jeffrey Epstein.  but rather people who are protected by the state, potentially CIA and Assad, I think Jeffrey Epstein, that was revealed. And then the people who don't really seem that bad or not really sure what they did because there's so many articles coming at you are pursued ruthlessly. I'm pursued with this way all the time. We're going to get to that FBI report that's being followed and it's me. And so Andrew Tate saying this is something not to take lightly and I want to be able to show you what he said as he left prison now briefly just to remind you guys. His house was rated again. Him and his brother were detained. It was very likely a very high chance that they were going to be put back in prison until actual charges were brought against them. They say they are investigating the same thing. A human sex trafficking ring that there has been evidence of, but I guess not a lot or enough evidence of to actually bring them to trial, which they have been asking now for years. Please begin this trial with the evidence that you have. You are saying we're human sex traffickers. You are punishing our reputation. You're punishing our name. We demand a trial and they're like, nope.  We're still investigating. We've got to call all these women that you know. And so they got rated again, and the judge sought to release them. The circumstances that Andrew Tate is going to be released to house arrest, and Tristan Tate can move around Romania, but he can't actually leave the state pending further or never ending investigation. Now, I want to show you this clip of Andrew Tate outside of the courthouse yesterday in Bucharest before I tell you that the new charges that they are bringing up against him and what this is really about. Take a listen to Andrew Tate, and you will notice that he says, the first thing he says is that he's built different. I love that. Take a listen. You are OK? Free man. No different than the name. Yes? No different than the course. Better than OK. Well, are free, free, free. I'm going to say something to everybody. Listen to me. I moved to Romania 10 years ago.  amazing country throughout the beautiful people and I told the whole world about Romania. If you mentioned the name of Romania anywhere in the world they'll say, Antutacians, they're everything. I've done nothing but remoteness country. I've done nothing but say fantastic things about Romania and this. And when I did this, people would say to me, if Romania is so nice, it was so safe, it's so beautiful. Why is it all such a bad reputation? I said, well there's probably a few bad actors, a few bad people who destroy the entire reputation. But the few fools at decal, which just came along and told us that the mothers of our children are somehow human trapping. I've been nice, I've been patient, I've played the game, I've respected the judiciary, I've gone to every appointment on time. But they've busted my house again and now come along saying those 35 victims, you know all 30 of those girls, 30 of them have statements in hard defense, 30 saying we've done absolutely nothing wrong, two more of the mothers of our children and two more of them have never been to Romania. But they've even been here, they just found random girls who knew in other countries and made them sign piece of paper.  the setup? It's absolutely disgusting. Fair play to that judge who saw through the bull s**t that I was free. And also one more thing, the media is complicit. All of you are. When they first threw us in f**king jail, when they first put us in there, you're all running around saying human trafficker. None of you said where's the evidence? Where's the proof? Where's the pictures? Where's the video? None. Three years later, they do the same f**king bull s**t. And you're all sitting there going, human trafficking, I'm all human traffickers clearly. If you're human traffickers, someone there is evidence. This is a setup. It's a skit jump. The three prosecutors at D call in my house. I said, why are you here? There's no case. They said there's a case that we make one. This is a f**king setup. All of it is. I'm going to talk to you, sir. Why? Why? This is a setup. It is gone on purpose and it's designed to come up with the most heinous, possible crimes to slander our name. And every single Romanian citizen should be disgusted that there's plenty millions of Euros wasting their time.  In this in Manningale, instead of fixing the roads, fixing the hospitals, fixing this country of a beautiful country for a beautiful people, and three idiots, a decal, a f***ing everything. Ask for money laundering. Sure, I'll approach that money laundering. No problem. Suppose we were money laundering because we buy luxury goods and we try and hide that we buy luxury goods for other people and hide our money. If you buy your girlfriend a handbag in Romania, they charge you with f***ing money laundering. This is disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting. Thank you. How does that clip make you feel? And by the way, you guys, I am seeing in the live chat right now that you are saying that his cup of cups have just apparently, while we are live right now, they have arrived at Andrew Tateshouse and Tristan Tateshouse again during a live stream. They were just live streaming. I think about 30 minutes ago, it looks like they came during this emergency meeting. How could the pop cops need to be here again? I'm asking this question again. I don't have all the facts here, but I'm looking at your guys' comments and it looks like what you're saying is true. They just got f***ing.  a few hours ago and now the cops are back at their house right now. How does that make you feel when you hear what he is saying? Like I said, parkour side, your feelings about the industry that they were involved in. You will get an agreement from you from me regarding pornography and web camming and things of that nature. This has been three years of his life, okay? Both of their lives. They have children. They still have not been able to be presented with an actual trial date to show up to defend yourself. And yet all throughout the media, everybody's got a comment because they believe they read somewhere. They read the article. You can ask those people how many of you guys actually read the case that was put before them. A case that began with allegedly four victims. Last three years, they've been working on a case with four victims. Then three of those victims dropped out. One of those victims is now being sued by them for defamation in the state of Florida. And magically they raid them again. And what do you know? You heard what he said there and I will repeat it for you. And they have found 35 new victims.  So this was a fishing expedition, no matter which way you slice it. You can't tell me that you first had four victims from anjuitate. And then you found while you were making him wait, not allowing him to leave the state, 35 more victims. Now I have not looked at these 35 more victims. I've been in communication with him and I'm asking him to send me the new documents because I want to fact check all of this before I presented it to you, the public. But what he has said in that clip and what he confirmed to me today in the statement was that 31 of those 35 victims gave statements in favor of Andrew and Tristan Tate. Essentially, once again, the state is deeming them victims and they are saying, we are not victims. Same thing that happened with the other three victims in the prior case. He's saying that two of them are the separate mothers of he and Tristan's children. Okay. So that would bring you to 33. And then he's saying the last two have never even stepped foot in Romania and they exist in the UK. And I am taking his word for it when he says that and I have not done my own due diligence. What I can say is that it is utterly absurd.  that any person would be have their movements restricted for three years and not even being given a trial date. So simply what's happening right now is they are playing this case in the media every single person has in the opinion of it Very few few people have actually read it when I got my hands in the documents I had to transfer it over into English because it's in Romanian and I had to try to cross reference with what person He was speaking about and asked specific questions Like he says to the media right there in front of him the you are the matrix Why didn't any of you do due diligence? Why aren't you guys reporting on the facts? Why has it just been me who took a look into that case and said hey guys this kind of looks like crap I've looked into it and it was I'm what was sitting in front of me not the videos are circling on the internet not the videos That people are saying well listen here. He said that he did have underage web. That's not what is happening in this This is not this court case is about You have to read the actual documents and then ask yourself why they are trying to  execute this trial by the media, what is this actually about? Now, it's about money laundering. Is it about a webcam business? Is it about human sex trafficking? Is it about all three, according to the public? Why does the media hate these two men so much when we know there are worse villains? And so, yes, I am looking at this now and pulling up this status. It looks like five minutes ago, Andrew Tate posted. They were live doing their show and they posted that the police were showing up once again on their security cameras because there must have been something that they forgot 24 hours ago when they had these two young men detained. So, we will keep you guys posted on that, but I am really thinking that all of this is completely unacceptable. We're seeing a miscarriage of justice in the simple treatment that people do deserve to have a speedy trial. Okay? Whether you hate these guys, whether you love these guys, whether you believe these guys or you think they're lying, you have a right to have a speedy trial, not having and  to live by a public trial that is absent any facts and being written by a bunch of people in the media who absolutely detest you. And yes, I am defensive over this because I see this happen routinely to people that stand up to the mainstream media narrative, no matter what that narrative is. Whether it's BLM, whether it's COVID, whether it's Israel, people that stand up tend to suffer tremendously. And it's wrong. Alright, guys, I want to first and foremost, before we get into this rabbi schmooly story, which is really kind of on the same point of an abuse of justice, of the justice system. I do want to thank our sponsor here, Beam, because look, we all know that sleep is a foundation of whole body health. When we sleep well, our minds and bodies perform at their best, good sleep is both mental and physical, and our daily performance depends on it. Beam's science-backed dream powder is tested for high-quality efficacy and formulated to eat your body into rest, supporting all four stages of the sleep cycle to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer.  next day, groggyness, but dream contains a powerful all-natural blend of fye, key ingredients, rachy, magnesium, alfianine, you have apogenin, and melatonin. This blend helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now, my listeners get a special discount on their healthy, hot cocoa for sleep, pardon, hot cocoa for sleep, and it has no added sugar. You just mix dream into hot water or milk, froth, and enjoy before bed. If you want to try beams, best selling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shopbeam.com. Slash Candice and Use Code Candice at checkout. That's shopbeam.com slash Candice and Use Code Candice for up to 40% off. Better sleep has never tasted better. Alright, let's get into rabbi shumuli. That's a start with the. Obviously, you guys haven't followed me. It's on a back fourth. rabbi shumuli in his daughter have just been harassing me for years, and I don't know. It's incredible that you have journalists who take him at his word and continue to publish everything.  thing he says about the attacks against him and his daughter, even though they are very clearly the people that are harassing. I can't say that I did not laugh a little, a lot of it when my PR texted me and all my PR said, he said, no comment. Because what can you, what can you say when you see a headline list? What can you actually say when you read a headline from the Jerusalem post that says that the FBI has been contacted over Hawaiian pizza? So I will just read for you here, I guess, the facts, okay? It reads in a new development in the ongoing feud between Rabbi Shmouli and controversial conservative media figure Candace Owens, the rabbi's daughter, Raquel Lia, has filed a complaint with the FBI after receiving what she believes was a threatening message delivered in the form of a pizza to her home in Florida. It's going to get worse. According to an email sent to the FBI.  obtained by the Jerusalem Post. Good on them to obtain it. His daughter received a dominoes pizza at her home on August 20th, 2024. The non-cocher pizza, yeah, you didn't know it was gonna go get this disgusting. It was non-cocher. The non-cocher pizza, which she did not order, was delivered with a receipt bearing her name and her address, but with a phone number that belonged to her father. I buy smoothie. Pizza had not been paid for raising immediate concerns. So when I read that, I think, hey, maybe your dad ordered a pizza. I didn't pay for it. I don't know, maybe your dad's a little cheap, and just got you a pizza and because he wanted to stage a false flag against it. I don't know, but I certainly wouldn't have received a pineapple pizza and thought, this is Candice Owens. But that's what she thought. And so she sent an email.  and she filed an FBI complaint and you know she was nice enough to include proof of that in an email that she forwarded. She wrote this email to a bunch of contacts including her father. To today, today I received a pizza pie from Domino's which I did not order. The receipt which I have attached below had my name and address and my parents' old home phone number. The pie had not been paid for and she there's proof that this pizza definitely came to her house. I mean, they posted the receipts. Literally, the receipt here it is. Look at this as a receipt. We cannot deny the evidence that order number 27 came in. Okay. Look, you can see it looks like the delivery's got it's hand deliverer has got his hands on it. They it was it was in order for it. It looks like a 14 inch hand tossed Hawaiian pizza and it wasn't paid for you can see in the corner. Bring it back up. We have to show them. This is disturbing. I'm scared for her, her family, their safety. You can see in  It says that the pizza was not paid for. We must stomp out anti-Semitism and all of its forms. I want to be real clear here, all of its forms. And so on this rare occasion, I stand with Rabbi Schmooley and his daughter, and I hope that the FBI does not spare any expense when it comes to catching this horrific individual who ordered an unpaid Hawaiian pizza to the home of Rabbi Schmooley's daughter. So I stand with you and I know that anti-Semitism is a hate that mutates and I can see that that is exactly what has happened in the circumstance. And so I wanted to show that with my audience. If you see something, say something, you see a domino's boy look close, suspicious, please, be privileged as Raquel is. And so don't even seem called a local police. You gotta love that. You know, you got black people who say like, we call 911 in the hood. The police has even show up. I want to be.  I want to grow up so privileged at my instinct when I get a pizza is to like call the FBI. I'm going to email the FBI. I forget the local police, I'm going to email the FBI. Bless this family or something. All right, guys, I want to move on and because I've never going to be able to because Rabbi Schmiley will never allow me to move on. But I do want to remind you guys about tax network USA because a lot of people owe back taxes and it is really like having a monkey on your back. You know that pandemic relief is now over along with the hiring of thousands of new agents thanks Biden and field officers. The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over five million pay-up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't wave your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends. Tax network USA, however, a trusted tax relief firm has saved over one billion dollars in back taxes for their clients and they can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 or whether you owe 10 million.  they can help you whether it's business or personal, even if you have the means to pay or on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burden. So please call 1-800-985-1000 for a private free consultation. Or you can visit tnusa.com slash Candice. Again, that's tn, like Tennessee, USA.com slash Candice. All right, guys, people were pinning me and asking me my opinion on this. And I didn't give it because I just was like, okay, whatever. But I'm just going to give it very quickly before I jump into your comments here. And I'm keen to see what you guys think about all of the stuff that we're talking about with the Matrix. But people were, I guess, really emotionally invested in like J-Lo and Ben Affleck, they're reunion. They dated many moons ago and they weren't engaged and their engagement fell apart. And then I guess Ben Affleck and her suddenly decided, hey, we can make this work again. And they had a wedding in Las Vegas. And they had another wedding in Georgia. And people are just invested in celebrity relations.  and you see people posting videos themselves like crying or hurt or let down that this couple didn't make it and they didn't even make it two years by the way They didn't even make it two years in their relationship. It's a typical Hollywood story Strange that people were invested in this. I'll give you my my quick opinion on it first and foremost I just want to give you a couple of facts here JLo filed for divorce from Van Aflik on Tuesday in LA County Spirit Court And obviously I'm sure of us as extremely embarrassing for her extremely embarrassing for him because they made such a Big splash about getting back together. It says that they've been separated since April 26 She likely didn't pull the trigger on it because again Even more embarrassing for your marriage the last year and a half it just makes everything look a complete joke I mean really the weddings seem to have lasted longer than the actual marriage did and this Again is not her first rodeo so to speak she's been married four times That's a lot of times to be married in general. It's a lot of life to be had I think she was at first married to her backup dancer  and then she got married, I don't even remember this guy's name, then she got married to Chris Judd, and he might have been an actor, and then she got married to Mark Anthony. He's got some great music, I gotta say, I gotta admit that I do like Mark Anthony's Spanish music, I do Bacchata a little bit to Mark Anthony. And then she also has been engaged multiple times, she was a course engaged, most notoriously to Ben Affleck, and that didn't work out, and then she got engaged to the Yankee Space Hall Player, Alex Rodriguez. So it's a lot, and so it's weird that people were investing in this relationship, I don't understand it, because I feel that with Hollywood, you guys just have to accept that the issue with these relationships, and I was, look, I know that he struggled with alcoholism, she doesn't drink, and maybe that's why people were like perfect match or something, but the reality is, is that Hollywood is an industry in which people worship themselves, and I'm not saying this is definitely true about Ben Affleck, or definitely true about JLo, I'm speaking more broadly here, I don't want to insult these people, there are children involved.  But the reality is that Hollywood is like Babylon, and it was created to make people believe in the celestial stars, like a form of astrology, to worship stars, which is quite dark and quite sinister. And again, if you engage into that book, Hollywood Babylon, you will have a, I just think you'll have a reckoning about what Hollywood is, what it actually was created to do. And so when you start to worship these stars, so to speak, you are engaging in a type of paganism, okay? It is very difficult for someone who deems themselves to be a god, right, to submit themselves in a relationship. And that is what a relationship requires. It requires a submission. And submission, by the way, is a beautiful act. It is a beautiful thing that I am able to submit to my husband, even though Hollywood would make you think otherwise. With feminism, I don't take J.Lo as being the kind of woman who has been a star for virtually her entire life. I don't really buy the whole, like, Jenny from the block, I'm still. I don't think she's that at all. I think she's Jenny from Hollywood, and I think she has a lot of relationships, and she has high expectations.  and she's got people walking in and out that are serving her and telling her, yes, all the time. She is actually being served and submitted to entirely all the time. And so when suddenly marriage shows up, you know, and you're like, hey, now you have to submit She's like, I'm not doing. I'm not submitting to anything. Everyone around me tells me why I tell them what's going on They tell me I'm amazing and you and I'm not just gonna submit and give up who I am And the worship of people that fall over me at the old term. I'm not giving that up And so that is why and again, I'm speaking broadly here that the majority of these Hollywood relationships don't work and People should just stop investing in them and stop being sad about them or stop being surprised when you know two people that have trans children come together That's an indicator right there. This is not a strong household if you're just turning out Trans children, you know the values that at least we value traditional values faith family are not there in Hollywood So please stop engaging in this  of paganism or being surprised whatsoever. All right, guys, I'm gonna jump into some of your comments. What do we have going on here? Oh, okay. Somebody said she's a narcissist. Referring to J.Lo, this person says, Mark is a salsa singer. He has old Bacchata tracks. Don't you even try to play me? He definitely has all of Asta, Ayer, Asta, Ayer. Don't you try to play me? Don't try to play me at all, okay? This person just going into some of these super chats very quickly says, I love your content so much. Thank you for everything you do. Can you do a special on Canada? We need someone like you to wake up my fellow Canadians from the dictatorship Trudeau has created. Yeah, I mean, Trudeau's a whole another story. I mean, really, you gotta begin with Fidel Castro when it comes to good old Trudeau. I don't have it in the plans at the moment because we are obviously up to our neck in American politics and American culture, but I always think that there's a true synergy. So thank you for the super chat, Mamma Mia.  Marcello writes, Candace, I am dying to know what is little Candace saying and singing in your intro. I love you. Okay, I'll pull that for you guys from a video. You guys keep asking about that. What am I singing? It's definitely not the yay song, stars. I will have to, I don't even remember what it is, but I used to always do talent shows and I will let you guys watch the video by itself with me singing. I just want to warn you guys, the singing is not good. Okay, that's why we put yay's track over it because the singing is not good. Okay, this person, the name is Katie writes, the book of Revelation mentions false Jews rev, Revelation to nine, thou art blasted by them that say they are Jews and are not but are of the synagogue of Satan. Yes, I have a lot to say about that, but I just very quickly want to thank our final supporter of the show. American financing, I've told you guys all about them a thousand times. So let's make us a thousand and one because interest rates have in fact dropped. And right now it's the perfect time to call my friends and American financing. They are a family owned company that is helping people just like you create meaningful savings every month. They're so  salary-based mortgage consultants look at your full financial picture, including those frustrating credit card balances where you're paying upwards of 20 to 30% in interest payments every month. They work with you to create a loan program where you wipe all of that out, and in some cases you'll even have some cash left over to create some emergency savings. American financing is a true partner in helping you and your family save money. They never charge any upfront or hidden fees. It costs you absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. Their average customer saving over $800 a month. If you start today, you may delay two of your mortgage payments. So please call 800-795-1210. Again, that is 800-795-1210. Okay. Pertaining to that verse in Revelation about the synagogue of Satan, I'm very familiar with it, and I thought I did a very good job of identifying what exactly we're referring to, especially regarding the Leo Frank case. And that's how you know that you're close to it. When you talk about this literal satanic cult that converted into the Catholic faith and they've been hiding and pretending that they're Jewish, playing out their Catholic.  And committing acts of pedophilia and murder and these things. And you tell the public that and you just get inundated with the news. All of these journalists writing crap about you calling you an anti-Semite. Really just to, as we've been talking about, obscure the truth. That is the point of propaganda. In many ways, it's not only just to lie. Elon Musk actually tweeted this this morning. It's not only just to lie, but it's to obscure the truth. Because you know the majority of people are very plugged into the matrix. They believe everything they read is real. They're not actually going to go find a primary source. It's why people that are watching this podcast, like, what are you talking about? Can't this has been blaming anything on the Jews? It's kind of the opposite to what she's saying is that these are not true Jews. They're using this so that people, actual Jewish people, keep defending them, not realizing that something very sinister is happening. And if you can't object, we look at the Leo Frank case and call that man a disturbed psychopathic pedophilic killer, which is what he was is and died, then you are way too submerged into the matrix. That is what I will say. This person Joe Joe,  rights. Thank you for contributing so positively to my life. I have started watching less YouTube and started reading more of the Bible. I am so glad to hear that. All of the answers are there. I actually just I think shared some biblical passages on my X-Feed today that I just felt so inspired by it. Just remembering what we are fighting and ultimately who we are fighting for and not really caring about what the media says. Sierra writes, I got Hollywood Babylon. I learned real history from you. Do you think a genocide is being committed because Washington is preparing for war with China? I very much I don't know if these things are connected but I do very much feel that everything is preparing us for World War III. There's no question about that. And the reason why they want World War III so badly is because the people that we are fighting and again refer during it back to the Bible like these principalities that work in darkness that are kind of the hand over everything that's maneuvering what's happening in our society. At their  core, they do not have the force of the creator in them. They worship the devil. So if you worship the devil, you do not have the creative force within yourself. So they have the steel, they have to lie, they have to cheat, and they have to obscure it to get ahead. They can't just create something and be successful. They have to lie and be successful and steal and manipulate and deceive in order to be successful. And so eventually what happens is they have to demand a reset. They have to have the global reset because they're realizing, okay, people that do have that creator force are getting ahead in life. And so what we need to do is we need to just create a world war because it allows us to just steal and reset the entire playing field. That's my viewpoint. I would love to see what you hear about that. Up north society wrote this. This is what I promised you in the chat. Yes, it is actually me that I would answer. They write, Candace, please do more research on Andrew Tate. He has admitted on video how he has used camgirls to scam men and date 16-year-olds.  He has admitted it. I am not telling you that there are not, I have seen those old clips of him and his brother that everybody brings up, the point that you are missing, is he is not being prosecuted for scamming men or dating 16-year-olds. That is the point that I am trying to make to you. So if somebody says something on the internet, whether it's a UFC fighter and they're trying to be funny or they're trying to get views and be controversial, that means nothing in terms of what's happening in the courtroom. And in terms of what he was being prosecuted for, it was for human sex trafficking regarding four individuals. And three of them dropped out, and one of them is being suited for defamation in Florida. So we can't just say, because I don't like that this person said on camera, that he scammed men via webcam services, that I'm happy for him to be sent away for human sex trafficking. And I think that's what I keep trying to communicate to people. And again, people keep falling for the trap of, okay, but like this person has said bad stuff or this person was involved in the porn industry. However, many years ago...  That's not the proper way for us to think a justice system can't work that way. That is not just at all. That's actually like asking for like social justice, right? Like I'm upset about this video I saw also prosecute him for anything. And that is what we saw and just watched with Trump, right? They just wanted him for anything at all and they eventually got the prosecution, even though we all knew that a lot of what they were doing and the things they were digging up were only done because they wanted to destroy this man for political reasons. Nothing new under the sun writes. Did you see PBD with Poland's Tarzinski on immigration? And why is Israel obsessed with making Europe and the US accept unlimited immigrants except for themselves? Barberspector has a concerning take on it. Yeah, you know, I do think it's quite ironic that a country that is virtually really just wanting to say we are ethnocentric, like we, this is a home for people who are of Jewish descent is perfectly okay with us having to...  to accept immigration on their behalf. That is something that I believe is problematic. I did not watch PBD and Tarzanski on immigration, so I can't comment on that whatsoever, but I do know that that is always circumstance with war where it seems like Western society has to take on a bunch of immigrants and provide a home for them. And it's not to our benefit whatsoever. This person writes, this is war game or canister. You don't know if you've seen this. The grippers are attacking Dave Smith for perceived Jewish privilege due to talking about Israel and him not being canceled or even banned for it. Let me just say this very clearly. I absolutely love Dave Smith. He's a fantastic human being. I want to do entire series with him. I did not see that he was being attacked, but I can tell you that I am basically his biggest fan. I have learned so much from him. I have much more than I want to learn from him. And I think that he's incredibly brave for taking a stance that has caused for him to be essentially just having to fight the media every day because they're calling him a self-hating Jew. So if that team leaning into his privilege, I don't see how that is.  I am and remain and will be a fan of Dave Smith until he does something completely ridiculous, I guess, but at the moment, I think he's great. Just Dave Smith all around. VT writes, everyone who tells the truth gets taken to court or they have complaints against them, Candace, Tate's fresh and fit, Trump, Alex, et cetera, easy way to shut us up. Yes, and the process is the pain. If the idea is like, we'll keep you in court forever and you will either go crazy because you're just fighting us so much, and you'll be distracted or you will go broke. I think that is really what it's about. The process is what is meant to be the pain, whether or not in the end you win. Doesn't matter to them because I think that you'll give up before it or you won't be able to fight them and you'll just go away, which is what I think a lot of people want. JC Sut writes, Candace is definitely playing a dangerous game. So how can they attack her financially? Guys, gals, let's support her in any way that we can on locals. Candace, you are amazing. I just want to thank you guys so much because this has been probably one of the...  craziest weeks in terms of how much I've been attacked, but also strangely like I've told you guys yesterday, one of the weeks in which we also have just had a bump in supporters all around the world and it's because a lot of people are falling out of the matrix. A lot of people are recognizing that we are being attacked for simply telling the truth. A lot of people are recognizing that they're just lying on me and they lie like a genetic disorder. I really do believe the media has like they look for people that have a genetic disorder that they're just able to lie and feel nothing. They're able to smear in liable and try to ruin people's lives and feel absolutely nothing. I mean, what is what does Rock Hell suffering from where you go to the FBI? Oh, because you received a pizza and you try to sell to the public that you received a pizza because of canisolvins. It's mental unwellness, you know what I mean? But it's a derangement. It's a near obsession with wanting to ruin someone simply because they don't agree with you. And let me tell you something, when you do these sorts of things, it's not going to move people over to your side. And so thank you for all of you guys. We sold out, by the way, of our don't care, built different. Stand.  cups and we just put them back on the website today. I think about an hour ago. So we are yes, replenishing the website. Don't care, build different and that is all of you guys for continuing to watch the show and continuing to support me and I am just forever grateful. I will tell you every episode how grateful I am of you guys couldn't do it without you. We will see you guys tomorrow.