 I want to turn to the war between Israel and Hamas and Gaza. What is your view of this war? I think when you call it a war, you're doing a disservice to the people who are having their limbs blown off by some of the most advanced technical weaponry on the planet. It is a genocide and it is disgusting. It doesn't matter which side of the political spectrum you fall on when you observe a genocide in front of your very eyes, you should be discussing. Which side is waging genocide? The Israelis are genocide in the Palestinians and you know it as well as everybody else. I don't know that. Well then it seems like your bosses are not allowing you to know it. What do you think of what Hamas did in October the 70s? Why are you starting the story in the middle? I just asked you about the wider war. I can't professionally answer that question without talking about the context that led up to October 7th. Well nothing to my mind justifies what happened in October the 70s. Nothing justifies what happened before October the 70s. This is the exact point. So you're talking to a man. I don't know what answer you expect from me Let's forget the fact that I'm a Muslim. You're talking to a man who is  fighting oppression to the best of his ability because he believes that the people in charge of the world are enslaving us all to the point Where I detriment my own life I end up in a jail cell because I'm speaking against oppression Then you're asking me what I would do if my family was not in a jail You're not in a jail. You're asking what I would do if another government and jail Along and you want my family to pieces you want put in a jail cell because of any oppression Absolutely, I was you were of course you were putting jail cell because you've been accused of serious sexual life I've been accused of I was not monumentally successful and speaking the truth. Let me ask you again It's a simple question some people can answer it straight away including pro-Palestinians people I've had on my program many are very quick to say absolutely Do you believe Hamas or a terror organization and that's a very interesting question But I think you're peddling assinities, which is also the question Can somebody do me a favor Google assinities and find out a bit something? I know what it means if it's not make sure it's added to Webster on top G's or just other a terror group You're peddling assinities because I'll tell you why pierce let me answer No, I'm not of course you are a simple question. That's like me. I tell you why I was because the  Okay, where you were born, prescribes Hamas as a terror. They also prescribe me as dangerous to children in schools. Let me explain something to you, Pearson. If I were to sit here and say, is stealing wrong? And you'd say yes, and I go, ah, but what if the person's stealing is trying to feed their family? They don't, their family are going to die. Is it still wrong? You're trying to take a very long- So you're equated and complicated argument and reduce it down to one sentence, which is failure. You're trying to equate stealing with a mob of terrorists breaking over a border, going to peaceful, Is that way is real? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Let me finish. And killing people. Going through a border on October the 7th. Oh, October the 7th. Massacring young people at a festival, massacring families in their homes, and setting fire to them, cutting their heads off, killing babies. Oh, killing people. It was the most... Well, fine. Were the babies vaccinated? Why you being flippant? I'm not being flippant. The point I am making... No, but the point I am making is that the media lies. Firstly, secondly, I can't...  We can ask, I can ask you about different things at the same time, right? Sure. So I'm asking you first of all specifically, what is your reaction to what happened to October 7th? Sure. I'll answer the question professionally. I do not condone the loss of human life on either side. I think anybody doing anything which directly damages civilians is disgusting and abhorrent. However, I would be an amateur if I could not sit and pretend I do not understand the motivations behind either side. This is not even me taking a side. I understand why Israel is doing what is doing. I understand why Palestine is doing what it is doing. However, I still call the Israeli actions absolutely abhorrent and genocide. OK, we're going to come to Israel's actions. I promise you, we will ask that question specifically. But in terms of what Hamas did October 7th, do you accept that as an act of terrorism? It's an interesting question because one thing is... It's not really. It is. It's a very straightforward question. Because you're the person who would have called Nelson Mandela a terrorist while he was still in jail. And one person's terrorist is another person's freedom fighter. I wouldn't have thought that. Yes, you would have. For the freedom to answer the question...  I have to be very professional peers. From me to sit on the outside in Romania with no personal involvement in Israel Palestine, it's easy for me to say yes, it was an act of terror. However, if I was in Gaza, if I was in an open air prison, if my family had been annihilated by bombs from the sky, if everybody I knew had suffered the loss of a loved one, if I had no chance of any kind of freedom or democracy or standard of life, would I believe it was an act of terror, or would I believe it's an act of resistance against oppression? You have to be very careful how you answer these questions. So what do you think? I think I understand what happens when you take people and put them in such an inhumane condition. So everybody to sit and say that you're going to take people and put them in absolutely inhumane conditions and give them no standard of life. And they're not allowed to ever fight back or they are a terrorist. Did I can agree with you? Anyone who does that is an amateur. I can agree with you that the plight of the Palestinians for many decades has been absolutely shamed. So what did we think was going to happen? Right up here. No, nothing justifies what happened October 7th. So what are the examples? To do.  So what are they supposed to do? That was an act of medieval barbaric terrorism. Nothing justifies that. Did they suffer? And you're attempting to... Did they suffer? You're attempting to try and equivocate. Did they suffer acts of medieval barbaric terrorism before that date? Yes. And it's unfortunately an eye for an eye in this world. Tell me. I'm not condoning. Give me a professional and answer to what happened. Give me one example of where Israel, without any provocation, went into... Well, no, a specific question went into Gaza and massacred 1,500 innocent people cutting their heads off, taping and boasting about what they'd done back to their families at Israel, kidnapping Holocaust survivors, bringing her... They wouldn't have, of course, done that. Kidnapping old grandmothers, and bringing them back to Israel, kidnapping babies, kidnapping children. When is Israel actually gone in and done something of the scale of October 7th? There's literally endless examples of that. Give me one. In 2014, they were bombing civilians. Give me one. No, no, no. What? Pierce, let me tell you something. I'm not talking about... No, I'm not talking about what they were categorized as retaliation for rocket strikes.  And there's an argument point, as there is, for example, I'm vehemently against the expansion of the settlements on the West Bank. I think there are legitimate questions about the proportionality of Israel's response here. But in terms of what Hamas perpetrated on October the 7th, there is no no no instant of Israel doing that to the people of Gaza. And you have to accept that. If you don't accept that, you either deluded or you're deliberately not wanting to say the obvious, which is that was an act of terrorism, because you're concerned about upsetting people in Palestine. Is that the case? Let me go back to my first point when I said you're peddling assinities. The reason I said that is because to look at a situation, no matter how heinous and to ignore all of the context and pretend that you do not understand why said situation happened, is in the absence of terrorism on that scale. Is assinous? No, it's not. Hamas, Hamas. Let me tell you why. Let me tell you why. Let me tell you, let me tell you, let me tell you, let me tell you the reality. Let me tell you the reality of the world. Hamas came to power in 2005.  Hamas' initial founding charter made it clear that they are for the eradication of Israel. And on October the 7th, they prove what that means is they will kill every Jew they can get their hands on. They are an existential threat to people in Israel and to Jewish people. And that is, I'm afraid, the purest personification of the terror group. I also think by doing what they did, as they have done since 2005, they weren't representing innocent Palestinian people in Gaza. They knew, yes, but Hamas knew when they did what they did, that Israel would respond the way they did, and that thousands of innocent Palestinians would get killed. They knew that, and they still did it. So my question for you is, why can't you, which is my position on this, is very straightforward. What Hamas did was an act of terror. An absolutely despicable act of terror and should be called exactly what it is. And they are now demonstrably a terrorist group. That is why they were rightly prescribed that by the UK and American other countries. And to try and pretend they're not makes you sound like Jeremy Kool.  I can't think of a worse insult to throw it, right? So, I don't think me in quarrel. But I also think there are legitimate questions to come about the way it was responded. We can come to that. But I just want to ask you one more time. Is what Hamas did on October 7th an act of terrorism? I think, Pierce, it is peddling assinities for you to pretend that enslaved people. You sound like Jeremy Corbyn. No, let me answer the question. 15 times, he refused to answer the question. Let me answer the question. You're not using. You're not using four. Are they a terror group or not? They're one team's freedom fire and they're deemed a terrorist group. What do you think? I think that if you lock people in an open air prison and steal their land, they're going to retaliate. So they're not a terror group? I think they're going to retaliate. They're not a terror group. One team's terrorists is a nice thing to do. Okay, but now I'm talking about eight. Are they a terror group? And also, another thing I want to make clear to you, Pierce. Only Jeremy Corbyn has done this. Done what? Refused to answer the question. I think that what they are doing is seemingly deemed an act of terror by the people that the terror is weasily would. They're not weasily. Of course, they use rainy stick to their terror group. And of course, some out.  I see freedom fires. Most of them. You're asking the question. Most of the civilized world thinks they're a terror group committed to that terror. It's not difficult. What they did was not to terror. I think that if Israel continues to... I'm going to come to the press. I'm going to come to the Palestinian people. They're going to do nothing but strength. I'm going to come in the reaction. That's a different conversation I'm about to have with you about Israel's response. But before I get there, one more time is her mass, a terror group, who committed an act of terrorism. I think that when you lock people in an open air prison, you're going to have to act in an open air prison. You're not going to have to act in an open air prison. No, because I have to... There's people who are firstly first things, I want to say to you. You don't want me to say, I think it's spineless. Sure. I do. That's fine. You sound like Jeremy Corbyn. Did you see my interview with him? No. Right. 15 times last week, I asked him the same question. 15 times he pervaricated and wouldn't answer. Eventually, when someone does that enough times, you know what they really think. Okay. You don't think they're a terror group. Let me answer it. You don't think they're a terror group. No, what I think is this? Because I'd be really curious what you think a terror is, if it's not massacring.  1500 innocent people, including Holocaust survivors, kidnapping babies, decapitating people, cutting their limbs, raping women. Yeah, talk about missing limbs. We're going to talk about that when we talk about what we've done. We are. But let's get there. It'll be in the context of you not admitting that was an act of truth. Let me answer the question for the final time. I am a realist. And as a realist, sometimes you do not come to the conclusion of labeling good guys and bad guys. The rule is not black and white. Oh, how massive. How bad guys. The rule is not black and white. The rule is actually very gray. Anybody who sits and thinks there's clearly a bad guy does not understand how the world works. And as a realist, what you do is you look at scenarios and you understand why they happen, how unfortunate they are, how unfortunate the loss of human life is, how civilians die on both sides, how innocents are dying in a chess game played by the elites, on both sides. Both sides, you have innocent people who didn't even vote for the person making the decisions, who are ensuring their death, signing their death warrants, unfortunate on both sides. Okay. But listen, sir.  You would not advocate Russia doing any of the things to Ukraine that Israel is doing to Palestine. Russia has been doing exactly that. Russia has not done a fraction of the illegaling. Russia is being illegally invaded, a sovereign democratic country, and has committed a barbaric rampage trying to seize as much of Ukraine as it can, bombing maternity hospitals, killing innocent women and still. Don't even try and have some kind of... No, no, this is jail-quivocation of this. I will. A Hamas rocket, a tiny Hamas rocket that can make a pothole in the road, and then they get hit back with cruise missiles. Let me ask you a question. Ukraine sent a drone and hit the Kremlin, a drone attack. It did nothing to damage some shingles. If Russia decided to then respond with a missile attack on a hospital and annihilate it, 100 people... It has been. Do you think that would be allowed? Exactly what it has been. Would you advocate for that? Would you support that? Have you seen the state of Marriottville? Which they level to the ground?  The Ukrainians did level the contract. No, the Russian. 2014. The Russian. Level Marriott Paul. And my question to you is, would you advocate those reactions? Let me ask you another question, please. No, I'll give you a question. Let me ask you a question. No, I'm actually buying to view of you. But you tried to understand mine. I just want to understand your point of view. If I believed, or if Israel believed, that one of the people in your house was a terrorist and decided to destroy your entire house and kill your entire family, would you sit and say, well, maybe there was a terrorist inside. I accept that. Or would you be enraged? Genuine question. I don't think you can take an individual person's response. Well, it's a bunch of individuals. As a people, there are people, individuals, sports and dreams and aspirations that are being annihilated. 15-year-old girls without legs, because of the truth, missus. There are individual people. Let's put them up. Let's come to that. There are people. Right, and so were the people in Israel, I don't know, but the same. And that's why it's so heinous, which is my exact point. But not heinous enough to reach your bar of terrorism. Let's move out. Let's move out of terrorism. No, it's underste-  I'n tele sap. Por mewn plus initu sydd disparat fifth Meowir, fel am yna llyf yn dda eich am labeled interni sy'n gwasiaeth, fy mergelluy le Shared asbych yn nなる o boot. Dwe..'i fy apraaz�底 cyf Qigur y gallw Staricig ownel當' y dag canaddiad oeddawa. helpwy centre o'w y gallw ff倍ic Y drainage gyf dw i'r ripe Cerf? Lewaeth gallwf y barod useod yn civillyfpersol yn qualifyforo fy hwn yn gwaiddor o graf unill y wasym Yr Mwy Bodros will koniaeth yna felly'n chywedig existentialdiad. miracle exactó the Rhawdaiser hwnw ymwrt. ¿ colour gendeithol? Mae mor'r gondol y gallu mews. Downmill onn phwch da跳og oneid. C Here it's actually interesting.  because you've spoken about this subject and people more who actually understand the conflict better than I do. Muhammad Yajarbon understands the better, Loki understands it better. I'm talking from a very general humanistic perspective because I don't understand that absolute intricacies like they do. Do you know what genocide means? Of course I do. Right. Genocide means you want to eradicate an entire people based on racial ethnicity. Israel clearly doesn't want to do that to the Palestinian people. Clearly, clearly not. If he did, he wouldn't tell a million of them as it turned out, who moved south. Now, there are arguments about where they... To attack them as they moved. Well, some people got hit as they moved. Oh, some people got hit. Yeah, some people got hit. You know what? You know what happens? You know what, Andrew? Wait till it's your son, son. Wait till it's your son. I agree. And you know what, Andrew? War is horrific. It's horrific. The question is, is it a just war for Israel to go after Hamas? And if it is, and you believe as I do, a mass has to be got rid of, how do you do that? It's very... If you don't do it, the way Israel is doing it, how do you get rid of that terror group? Now, you wanna agree with...  They're doing because you can't even categorize them as a terror group. No, the reason I want to agree with them is because I'm a human, Pierce. Please let me answer this without being interrupted. You didn't answer my earlier question for a reason because you knew that you couldn't answer it without a previous point. The question about the fact that they decided to cruise missile your house because they thought somebody inside was a terrorist, you would not accept the loss of your family that you have raised. You would not accept this. Okay, absolutely. So, let me answer this as a professional. What's funny is, I'm a humanist. Like I said, professional, what, by the way? The professional. Please let me answer. What are you, what are you speaking professional? I'm talking about this from a humanistic perspective, right? And like I said, you've talked about people more knowledgeable than me on the details of the subject. Listen to me very carefully. I thought we needed a democratic society. You just had 35,000 amassed terrorists and this is the thing that's most upsetting to me. This would genuinely upset me. These very little intelligence will say a guy's a mass terrorist. Has that guy gone to a court of law? Has it been a democratic process? Has he been proven to be a terrorist? No, they've just decided from their intelligence that couldn't see an invasion coming. From hundreds of miles away. So this fence into...  Intelligence is actually no it's not it's not great. No, so they've decided this person might be an intelligence without court case Without any kind of democratic process and because of that They've decided to annihilate civilians along with him and it's all just collateral damage and nobody should care That is not a humanistic perspective and that is disgusting and any person in the West who is advocating for that is a hypocrite With the news turned on them right if the American government said we think the person in your shopping mall One of the people you were shopping alongside in the mall might have committed a crime We didn't take them to court. We think they might have so we killed your whole family get over it So the last time is a clown and a hypocrite so the last time what do you expect the last-rowed men to do? I'm about to respond. What do you expect full-grown men to do when you kill all of their families and leave them locked in an open prison? And we respond the last time that Jewish people face an existential threat was in World War II and the Nazis who wanted to take over the world and kill every Jewish person the Nazis were ultimately defeated by  Winston Churchill leading the Allies, and Winston Churchill in the process of defeating minorities killed a lot of German innocent civilians in the process. Do you think that was justified? Let me ask a question. I asked the questions. Was it justified? Sir, I believe, and let me just get this right in my head. Yeah, think about it. No, I don't need to think about your question. I believe that the Nazis, which were obviously heinous, I'm not advocating anything to do, is disgusting the Nazis. I'm glad we beat them. I'm actually huge. They're terrorists. Yeah, they were. Right. So I believe that they were... So when you massacred Jewish people, you're terrorists. Except when you do it in Israel. When you try and conduct genocide on a populist because you don't want them on land, you say, is yours? Then you are terrorist. Exactly what Hamas did on October 1. That's what Israel had did before that. So you literally just described what Hamas do. You just described what Israel do. They're trying to genocide the Palestinians as we speak. And this is the exact point. So, to see your... No, but to see your angles. I know. Terrorists. I think...  what they're doing now is just proportionate in genocide. Is it terrorism? It's genocidal, so I guess that makes terrorism. It's right in the side of it. So, their terrorists for responding to an act of terror, but the people that come into the act of terror are not terrorists. The way in which they're responding to the problem. You see the problem in that argument? No. Ready? I... I... Pierce. What they are doing now? So, from 1,500 people in the way they did it is not an act of terror by terrorists, but a response from the people on the receiving end, rather like the response to the allies in World War II. To what the Nazis did, that apparently is the only act of terror. Didn't you say 12,000 people, these are really the killed thus far? Yes. I saw a video of a 15-year-old girl with no legs begging to die. Yeah. She was begging to die saying, I have no future because my parents are gone or my legs are gone. It's her real future. No, but you say that, right? You talk about numbers and statistics, and you say a few people got caught. You don't think of gossips, and you don't think of as Muslims and Palestinians as individual people. Oh, yes, I do. No, you don't. Oh, I do. If you did, you wouldn't be happy with what happened to you. Don't you dare say that about me. Okay, the don't... No, no, no. You don't have to be together in numbers. I've spoken for many years about the crimes of the Palestinian people.  they get outrageous that Israel has any control over their ability to function with water, with fuel, with other energy and so on and so on. That's interesting. So if you were in Gaza as a gaseon male of masculine fighting age and you believed the things you currently believed, what would you do about it? I'm just asking. You know what? Nothing justifies the terrorism. I never told you you're a terrorist. I'm asking what you do. No, I understand why people in Palestine feel oppressed. I understand why they want freedom. I understand why they want the same rights as the people in Israel. Then here's a perfect answer. On that we agree. Absolutely. But nothing justifies what happened in October. Here's where we disagree. Because as a professional, when we both agree on the point that the people inside of Gaza are being oppressed and that the life is being dectimated and that they have no way of getting out. Yes. And I do agree with that. I understand pressure cookers explode. You're pretending they shouldn't. You're saying that they should never explode. Nothing bad should ever happen. Say nothing justifies terrorism. You're saying that they should never be allowed to subjugate the...  No, no. Endless years. Here's why nothing happened. No. And I'm a realist to understand that pressure cookers explore. No, you're not. That's what happened. No, you're not. We need a solution to the problem. Or we should continue to have. You're not a realist because actually you are not accepting what they did not tell with the seventh was an act of terrorism by terrorists. You won't accept that. You think actually their freedom fight is doing some kind of resistance. And I say that is ridiculous and shameful. That's the difference between us. I understand that pressure cookers explore gears. Right. So you think it's perfectly reasonable what happened. I don't think it's reasonable. I think it's a shame. Natural consequence. I think it's a shame. A shame, that's it. I think it's a shame that we're living in the world now where people are reduced to basically suicide to try and fight for freedom for their families if they have one left. Because they all committed suicide. Those men who did that. Well, they're having a chance of survival. I think when you look at that. That's because they believe that they're marching themselves again. It's got a lot of people. Press people to the point where their families dead and they have nothing to live for. So I think that's a shame. So do you support Islamic fundamentalism? Absolutely not. You're supporting Islam.  I just ideology. Absolutely not. Right. What I support. So why do you support a mass? I support justice in the universe. You support a mass? I support justice in the universe. You support a mass? No. You don't? Well, I don't know the ins and outs of a mass as Creed. I have to be very honest. Well, you know what? They did not talk with the seven. Do you support them? I understand why that happened. And I'm saying it's a shame. But you won't denounce them. I say it's a shame. Were you condemned? I can't sit here and condemn the obvious outcome of consequence. Wow. Really? How can I condemn her mass or what they did? What's going to happen? And we need a solution here. You're very quick to condemn Israel's response, but you won't condemn the terror attack which prompted it. No. I'll say why. Even though her mass knew by doing what they were doing, that would be the response. Do you think they knew that? Of course they knew that. Do you think they knew that Israel is? They did it quite deliberately. You know why? Because they were funded and supported by Iran. They didn't like the fact that Israel was normalizing relations with a bunch of Arab countries. From the UAE to Bahrain to Morocco. And then coming down the line was going to be Saudi Arabia. That was a threat to the Iran view.  of what should be happening in that region, Iran other ones is supporting fund. An armed Hamas, and they clearly in my estimation, that hasn't been probably established yet, but clearly Hamas couldn't have done this on their own. They've done it with support for Iran and they've gone and committed an act of such heinous atrocity that they knew what the response would be and that means that they sentenced in that moment not just 1500 people in Israel to death in the most appalling manner possible, but they also sentenced to death Qwaisリитыill yn ei ei запiergau o flwydd. Но ports�로erechtfo'r fan yn fywaden yn basat ong laneorion am hefyd. To a gydmwrtig ac k甘 acionyn arpus. Meweddolwrсти yn ei achft быть un hwaisro. F belli mynd i ffaurmeth troengdod cr 52%, cofn o y aw legwedd pobl chw i wedi wrth gweeduy ry Benedau sydd yn blodwy. Dwi'n hebid ffnd sydd clif yn f tested i fodst ddynodol I, I, yeah, I, I think probably, I think probably we treat them like  I think I as well have I think the so we agree let's move on I think there's a real danger in the scale of Israel's response that you radicalize a whole new generation I agree I think that's a real danger So I've said that we can agree on that so perhaps it was Israel's actions before October 7th that radicalize the soldiers who invaded so you agree with me So let's move no I don't no nothing just to fight nothing justifies what they did Let me ask you about the reaction that you've had from Certain people who I think at one stage You had a good relationship with one is Jordan Peterson and the other one Ben Shapiro Let's talk about Jordan first You've had a bit of a to and fro with him, but what is your view of him? I think Jordan and I actually agree on many issues. I think the enemy of my enemy is my friend I think we have a lot more in common than we have that we disagree on We have different views of the world on certain things. I think we approach him from different places He's far more in his mind Where's that I've been more in a physical realm than he does I have nothing against Jordan. I don't dislike him. I do  find it and I must be honest a bit disingenuous and hypocritical that he speaks mental strength and then ends up addicted to an antidepressant. I don't think he should ever take antidepressants ever. I've been through worse than what he's been through and I didn't take a single drug. However I have nothing against a guy he says very intelligent things and I'd be interested to argue with him or discuss or debate with him but I think we'd actually agree on most points to be honest with you. I don't think we I mean he may be unhappy with somehow how I've lived my life and some things I've done but we've already discussed the fact that I come from the lowest income area of the UK and most people around me were selling drugs so at least I didn't do that. So I'm not going to allow somebody who's a professor in a university who's had an easy life come along and tell me how people from the streets should survive. You have to find a way out. Let's get Richard by trying. But I've done thing against a guy. I just think that he's been a bit hypocritical and then truthfully the only time I've been genuinely a bit appalled by any of his actions was the tweet he made on Israel Palestine when he said give them hell. I know that's an easy thing to say and it's an expression that people use and they throw it around flippantly but I think when you actually wish hell.  upon other human beings. I think it's a disgusting thing to do, because hell is that 15-year-old girl with no legs, and her parents were dead. Well, hell is... You see her crying her eyes out, begging to die. That is hell. And I don't think you should genuinely wish hell on anyone, Israel or Palestinian, either anyone. I'm a humanist. I don't want anybody to die. Well, he did, he did. And he was wishing hell on an entire population. He did express regret for the way he phrased the word. And he should. Because he's disgusting. I've not wished hell on the Israelis. I've not wished hell on the Israeli state. I don't want any Israeli civilian to go through with that 15-year-old Palestinian girl's going through. Not a single one. He said about you Jordan Peterson. I'm not particularly happy to be grouped with Andrew Tate. I think there are some elements about what he does that are quite reprehensible. I'm sure he has. I'm not. I don't know everything he says, and he may disagree with some of my point of view. As I said, I have nothing against him. I don't think anything he says is particularly wrong. I think that he's hypocritical because of the antidepressant problem, and I think that the fact he wishes hell on other humans because he gets emotionally involved in a conflict, which within two minutes of his...  sparking off, he's wishing genocide. I think that says a lot about his personality. But overall, when he speaks at length a lot of the things he says are pretty well thought through and pretty constructive. Let me turn to Ben Shapiro. So let me assure you, as someone who's not pimped to women and bragged about it, the morality requires that those who rape women and kidnap women must be eradicated, not negotiated with. He says, on my show, I won't be lectured on morality and toughness, like Andrew Tate. His great idea of toughness and morality is pimping women and bragging about it on air and then trying to quasi-walk it back while simultaneously maintaining many of the same positions and flexing his biceps. Listen, everyone should be able to tweak whatever it is they want, and more for an open discourse, even with people that I think are dead wrong on a lot of issues. Andrew Tate is dead wrong on a lot of these issues, and the particularly ridiculous posturing about being a yes, you're very tough when you want people to make peace with terrorists who've just murdered their children, very, very tough. What do you say to that? So Ben is a war monger. Ben has been wrong on basically every single issue you can name. He was with you with the v-  and every other war. Ben is always calling for other people's young men to go and die in some war. He seems to love it. I don't know if he has a short man syndrome, but he's always behind his desk calling about how important it is that big strong men like me go and die. And the reason he tweeted that and said that is because when Hamas and Israel, the very early in the conflict, I think it was three days in, we're discussing possible peace talks, he tweeted, no, absolutely not, fuck them, kill them all. And I said, I said Ben, as a man who's done his own fighting, because I've had a life of pain and violence. Listen to me. Peace is always worth a conversation. What I said is that we should always be prepared to at least discuss peace. He, because he's a war monger, said, no, peace is not worth a conversation. You're this, you're that, that, that, because he's always sitting behind his desk. He must have a booster chair and he's always running his mouth, trying to invoke violence and call for war. And I find it kind of hypocritical, because a man who's so small, he would die if he was slapped on the street, sitting behind a desk and screaming for other people to be annihilated, I think it's kind of, it's worse than I should.  I believe he was sitting here listening to this. He would say that what he's screaming for is for Jewish people in Israel, but it depends themselves. And he's a Jewish man. And he's called for war. And I agree. Defending yourself. That's all he does. That's all he does. And calling for war and calling and defending yourself is very different than genocide. And Ben, like I said, overall, most of Ben's world views and mine, probably a line. We don't align on the religious sect. We don't rely on the religious points. Fine. But our overall world views of how society should function, probably a line on many of the key issues. I'm not, I don't have a beef with Ben and I don't watch his show. And I have no idea what he talks about a lot of the time. But what I do know is every time I turn it on, he's calling for someone else's son to go and die in a ditch somewhere for his interests. And I don't like people who are not advocates for peace. Blessed are the peacemakers said, Candace, who is far more intelligent than Ben will ever be. And she is completely right. He replied that rhetoric starting an argument with me. When I said we should talk about peace, I say we should talk about peace.  about peace. He calls for the death of civilians and somehow we're asking why my point of view is seen as abstract. It's insane. Why can't we all just sit down and say who the fighting must end? Why can't we do that? Why can't we sit and say nobody should be dying. Let's stop using the most advanced military repugnant of the planet to blow the limbs off children. Why can't we say that without being deemed some kind of terrorist sympathizer or anti-Semite? Why do you think? Since Annie, Trump came along and didn't start a single war. He's the only one who didn't and they're going to come along and say make him a bad guy when a new president comes and issues endless war and death and killing. Have you seen a dead body pierce? Have you seen people lose a fucking limb? It's disgusting. I know what's happening over there. Have you seen that? I don't need to tell you about the parts of my history that I'm not prepared to share pierce. You've seen people? I said it to bed. I said people who have done their own fighting and seen their own violence and have seen people bleed out in the street from a stab wound are not going to be so so smart and so quick to sit behind a desk and call for the death of innocent people. It's disgusting what's happening. I don't want you to die on either side.  And when I come along as a peacemaker and say, this is insane because he's a war monger, because he has chosen blinkers and sees one side of the argument and refuses to accept the humanity of Palestinians, he says I'm a bad person for calling for peace. Well, you know why? Because you've probably listened to this interview and say, this guy can't even describe a mass of terrorists. If Ben Shapiro thinks bad of him. And if you don't think what happened to the people in Israel until the seventh is enacted terrorism, then I know what you're saying. Then you are... I want all people to... Then you are just... You are just as partisan to one side as you believe Ben Shapiro is to be up. Did I not just say I want all people to start dying? Stop dying. Pierce, don't interrupt this, it's two sentences. I want all people to stop dying. However, I understand what is going to happen when you create a pressure cooker. That is my answer and it's extremely professional. I don't want anyone to die. And because I don't want anyone to die, because I'm a peacemaker, because I'm a humanist, I understand you cannot walk people in an open air prison for an undetermined period of time without provoking terrorism.  So out of interest, what would you have done if you'd been Israel after October 7th? That's a really interesting question and I think there's people who are more qualified than me to answer. Given the Hamas last week said we're going to try and do the same thing again and again and again. What would you do to defend the people of Israel? Good question. They have the iron dome which is largely effective. I think that their border security is usually effective. It's very interesting that it wasn't on the border. So you would say they would do nothing other than tighten up security. I think if I was truthfully, I would have found out how our border was penetrated. I would have made sure that was impossible to do. I would have had large conversations and discourse during that period which would probably take weeks to ensure that my border was impenetrable because we were at no genuine threat of a repeat attack. And then I would make it clear that there will be some repercussion unless there will be some repercussion unless we can come to peace terms. I don't think the re- Hamas doesn't want peace. Of course not. But I'm saying. That's a stated position. Of course. So there's a little bit of a case in mind. I can't be right to what I do. I would have found out first things first. I'm a man. So first things first you fix the problem.  Okay, our borders been penetrated. How do we make sure that doesn't happen again? How do we happen? Internal investigation. Let's make sure the border is secure. Now our civilians are safe. Our civilians are safe, which buys us time. Let's have a conversation to see if we can actually reason with a mask. If we can't, then there might be some military intervention. Then what? But there certainly wouldn't be bombing hospitals, crews missiling refugee camps. There wouldn't be any of the things that's going on now. Absolutely. You wouldn't try to attack the people there. No, because this is a rushed and emotional response. And that's why I would have prevented. I would have made sure as a man, I didn't make a rushed and emotional response. So you'd be more like Neville Chamberlain, trying to do peace with the Nazis and Winston Churchill trying to kill them? Well, that's an interesting question. You're an appeaser, not a warrior. Well, I still think I'm a warrior, but I think that when you're a warrior, you have to be very capable. That's what Neville Chamberlain's view was. We should do peace with the Nazis. You have to be very understanding of your power and you have to use it responsibly. And just like I said earlier, when I'm trying to be responsible about what I say to the young man of the world, I would understand is Israel. I must be responsible with my men.  military might to make sure I don't kill civilians and I would sit and try and make a measured response and I'd be a professional and I would Consider them human beings and I would secure my border and try and come up with a plan better than oh no I'm mad. I'm emotional now. Let's go kill everyone. I think that's the wrong response Correct. I don't think I don't think I saw anything to do We've spent a long time talking You're gonna find out at some stage today or in the next few days whether you're gonna get your possessions back They'll either happen or not happen, but then there's likely to be a trial Yeah, and that will determine how you spend the next 10 years of a life almost certainly which is a sobering thought for anyone Yeah, when you look back on the whole arc of the last few years You know you've expressed some regret because of your Turning to Islam your change in your philosophy From a religious perspective you've acknowledged that some of the stuff you used to do was immoral Do you look up the journey you've gone on here and think that in a way notwithstanding the  tricks and everything else that maybe you yourself could have done things differently to avoid being in this position. Absolutely. I'm a man and I take absolute self-accountability. You have to, as a man, your superpower is looking in the mirror and understanding everything that happens to you both good and bad to a degree is your fault. It could have all been influenced. I could have avoided all of this. I could have avoided the matrix attacks. Or sorry, I could have avoided jail sale if you don't want to be using that term. I could have avoided all the negative press. I could have chosen to work in Starbucks and just say nobody. I made choices that put me in this position. I take responsibility for them. I sent things on the internet in a satirical way on videos that got 110 views when YouTube with brand new that I did not expect to become the most viral videos in the world because I didn't expect to become the most famous and known person on the planet. That's all true. I'm not saying I have no part to play in any of this. However, I can still say that I'm completely innocent. I can still say that it is only my fame and notoriety that has inspired the prosecution service to try and even put me in jail in the first place. I can still say that there's some unfair policing in the world depending on your political views. I can still say all of those things while accepting absolute responsibility.  y reddil graders, synt ddarag ingarag cwaith, am one麼diad, fel net själ sydd canag drٌ meith?