  Yeah, yeah, no man y'all you know exactly what time it is we are back here to search for my game on ground from hunger house She's got the pound and already for the next round So that being said man if the lighting is Bad let me know if I need to change it and I will But if not that's cool. We'll just do it the way it is y'all you see the topic of this episode the new Emergency meeting that just came out Your boy Andrew Tate Tristan Tate just did a new emergency meeting So we're gonna check it out. We're gonna see What it do what they talked about What what kind of game they're serving but I'm gonna go through the whole town I'm gonna go through a decent chunk of it But in this stream I'm gonna go through the whole thing if y'all want the full thing you're gonna to go watch it for yourself It's on YouTube. So yeah, man with that being said let me go ahead and get this pulled up real quick say what's good? What's good?  We go ahead and get this pooled up real quick and we from the jump right into this whole Bam just like that now then let me go ahead and do this Bam just like that so now y'all can see me too Let me know if the lighting is bad if it is I'll change it But if not we'll just go with it the way it is That being said we're from a hop on over here And give it a second see what we got with the lighting see if We think it needs to be changed. I think it looks fine Think it looks decent whatever the case may be but if y'all want me to change it I'll go ahead and change it so it's easier to see Would that be in said me we've been jumping to this Let's go ahead and get to it Right, we're so with this emergency meeting when I talk about how it's impossible to tell what's real and what's fake anymore And the implications of that and I think most people can work out the implications but  We're seeing them play out right now in real time and it's very interesting. And I don't want to be insensitive. And I hope that she does well and that she recovers if she has cancer or whatever else to sigh off is. We're going to talk about this cake video where she sat down on a bench and said that the reason she's been missing for months is that she had an operation and the operation was successful. But then after the operation, they discovered she had cancer because of all the vaccine. No, sorry. She had cancer because 42 year old healthy women just get cancer. And now she needs privacy. But everyone's saying that video is AI. And people are saying that because they released a bunch of other photoshoved garbage for this and tried to lie to us all. So now people are trying to work out what's real and what's fake. And we're going to conclusively go to the answer on this show. We're going to come up with a conclusive final answer and decide once and for all whether it's an AI video or it's legitimate. Yeah. So I'll say it was only a few months ago when AI videos started happening. People were making them of me, Elon, other people, I sold them online. And just a few short months ago, I said, oh, it's going to be a matter of time, maybe in a couple of years, you're not going to know what's fake and what isn't. It turns out the timeline has accelerated. And it's already at the point where you don't know what videos are real and what videos are fake. So I have no reason to think.  She doesn't, I wish her a speed recovery. I do like the royal family, except Harry and his retarded wife. First and... First and... What did I say? At the beginning of this emergency meeting about how we have to be nice, because we're with our family and friends here, and we don't want to say any of this offensive to anybody. You say something nice about Harry's wife. She's very accommodating to sports stars. Damn. So she had sex with lots of football players. Oh, I didn't say that. Check this guy out. Mr. Fucking conspiracy theorist. It's not conspiracy theory that she used to date. Mr. Fucking conspiracy theorist. Anyway. You believe this cancer out? I want to say that real quick. One of the things that I appreciate about Andrew and Tristan Tabor is that they just... They say that shit like it is. If somebody's fucking goofy, they're going to be like, you're fucking goofy. You did with... Pretty much with Neon and then I fucking Aiden Ross. They were goofy as hell. And he was like, boy, y'all are goofy as fuck. Now, whether or not he has made the rest of that content.  streaming content with Aiden that he gave Aiden the opportunity to do so I have no idea I'm not shabin hurting anything else about that yet But yeah, man like if somebody's goofy as fuck there's gonna say that right where you goofy as fuck and they do it in a comedic way They do it in a comedic way which makes it even more funnier, bro and it's like people who hate these two are just like they're just mad because they're not in their position of winning do not in their position of Money and they're not in their position of you know clouds so to speak and that's what everybody just that's why everybody hates them But they don't hate them because they speak the truth. They just hate them because they're jealous Which we shouldn't be laughing at because cancer is not funny, but These are fake or is it real correct? So first we're gonna play the video, but it's a whole two minutes long and let's be honest about the whole two minutes blah blah blah I'm sick I had operation but I'm here's the video I wanted to take this opportunity to say thank you personally for all the wonderful messages of support and for your understanding  covering from surgery. Yes fine you're welcome. You know what I actually quite like Princess Kate. I don't dislike her at all. She didn't do what the other princess did. No color princess. What is she? I think she's the Duchess. The fuck's the Duchess? The fuck's the Duchess. Yeah, but she's good. She was a good wife. She was a good wife. She obeyed with a girlfriend we wanted to do. She curtsy to the queen. Did she never mention break down on Oprah? K-perth in the future king. Did it run her mouth? Didn't cry rise up. Oprah. I'm an actor. I was in a Netflix series and they explain me to curtsy to the queen of England. Like I was like, are you serious? Yes, serious. The queen was the last OG. She fought World War II. What did you do? Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck stars. For drunk dealers, but you can't curtsy to the queen. You can't say that, Tristan. You can't do this in soul. Yes, I can. Oh, this is a family friendly show. She's a horrible person. And she's the only limitation of the single greatest institution. Maybe anywhere in the world. She's stupid accusations of racism. The worst thing about this is this. She's saying it makes the queen and a bunch of other people's races. Because as you know, when you call someone racist, it's the worst thing you can call someone today. And all allegedly, the world family did was when she was pregnant.  speculate on what features the baby will have. Will it have dark skin? Will it have curly hair? Everyone from just the wall we're saying is he's a ginger. That's a conversation you have. Is it going to have red hair? It's normal as shit. When Michael was pregnant, I think it always going to be blacker than me. Is it going to look like my dad? Is it going to, it's very normal and not racist, but she's harness the entire reputation of the single greatest institution, maybe anywhere in the world and the single greatest woman who's lived during our lifetime, with her stupid accusations of racism. So yes, I can say she's an absolutely horrible person and I dislike her massively. Don't write tristins racist on the board. Don't write tristins racist. I'm just as black as she is. No, no, no, I'm not racist. Is this going to be annoying you? Are we going to be serious? Racism is very serious. It's not a joke. It's quite new. Tristan, she's super white. We've been called racist once. Don't let me put times two next to it. She's very white. So anyway, okay, the video was put through an AI detector because people detected anomalies and I'm not going to lie. There was something weird about the video. I watched it. There was something that just didn't seem quite right. I couldn't work out exactly what it was, but something wasn't right. And they put it through this AI detector and let's come up with this.  96% fake now the really interesting question is this I Didn't know they haven't fucking AI detector That's crazy, but I got to figure out what the hell that is Like I got to figure out that's a website like what like what the fuck Good like I don't know I don't know if it if it's like an actual website or if it's just something that he made up Like I got to look into that shit work because it's I'm shit out there that I'd be trying to figure out whether it's AI or not That's crazy If it's fake why why did they fake this is the story true is she too sick to make the video and tell the truth about the story Is there another story they don't want you to know about where does this come from if it's fake why did they do this It's not just a matter of what now it's taken off trying to work out their motivations and intentions behind the deception I feel the royal family know many things, but they're out of touch with perhaps a normal man They're out of touch with the normal man potentially, but they're sorry out of touch with the weirdos We're addicted to Reddit and never leave their computers. They they don't even know that these people exist So with the video with the photo they released a month ago, which was completely AI of Kate smiling with her children  as a message, maybe Kate was in hospital, maybe Kate was too sick to take the picture, but don't deep fake an AI the pictures. Don't do that because the Reddit losers are going to jump all over it. Now, I hope it's just a matter of she sick. She doesn't want to make the video there. Computer-jazzing up to make her look better. I hope that's what it is, but it's exceptionally scary that we're at this point already in photos and videos. Well, the reason this rumor is so prevalent is because she was disappeared for a while. No one saw her for months. And then they released this family photo to try to look. She's okay. It's fine. Yeah, that's what I was talking about. And you can look online and find all the ways that people work out that this is a Photoshop image. It's heavily Photoshopped. It's all Photoshopped. Sorry. So wait, the princess is vanished for three months. You try and reassure us. Let me go back and look at that. Rick, because like, just looking at it from here, just something about the picture itself just looks fake. Like, I don't know if it's in the smiles, if it's in light. I think it is in the  smiles, bro, because when you look at it, they don't look like real smiles, you know, I'm saying they look like edited. Maybe I'm tripping on it. Let me know what you're out there. Like your low key looks like they're edited on there. Well, and you can look online and find all the ways that people work out that this is a Photoshop image. It's heavily Photoshopped. And the world family actually came out and go, okay, it's our Photoshop. We're sorry. So wait, the princess has vanished for three months. You try and reassure us that she's not dead with a Photoshopped image. We catch you and then you go, yeah, oops, sorry. And then this video comes out and there's weird things about the video. And you think people aren't going to say, wait, something's very suspicious here. And then instead of going, well, people don't trust us anymore because we've photoshopped images before and because the MSM does nothing but fucking lie all of the time. Now we're going to blame Iran. It's Iran's fault that people don't believe in this video because I'm sure the Iranians did this. But in a lot of these few weeks, we haven't just had conspiracy theories. There have been very cruel and sometimes very intimate comments. Now, some of these, it is being suggested. The worst of it may well have been originated in fake accounts from bots, originated from propaganda machines in countries such as Russia, China,  So around as well now Sorry sorry sorry it's the BBC What fucking planet did these people live? You're like no one in the house. Hold up. Yeah, no, they don't make no sense. They don't make no sense. How the fuck like You're gonna see here. You're gonna fuck up and you gonna get caught with the fuck up And you're gonna try to say that a whole different Continent is the reason why you fucked up like they don't held like a fucking gun to your head and say hey if you don't if you don't make this fucking Oh, if you don't edit this picture to make this shit look real we're gonna do this in that Like are is there really some people who are that stupid that really would think that? Is there really some people out there that are that stupid that would really think oh he said I ran did it So I ran like what the fuck And I don't make no fucking sense That's crazy  You lied to everyone for four years. You lied by every word that's ever happened. You lied about the crime rate, you lied about inflation. All you do is fucking lie. Everything that comes out, the MSM is a lie. Everyone who says good is bad, everyone who says bad is good. All you do is lie. The princess goes from disappeared for four months, don't confine her. Then the fucking MSM releases a photo, which is Photoshop. You're in May and it was Photoshop. And then your next video comes out with a bunch of memories. And then when we say, this is suspicious, no one's seen her, this is weird. The last thing you release was Photoshop. We think this might be Photoshop. You blame I ran. No. We have to be living in a clown world. Or what, what fucking version of reality did some big, I've been used to the BBC. Fish can suck off by a kid and then go boom, really cover up, we're getting busted again. Pootin. Who is that? Who is that? The Iranians follow, make a fake video. And then you release the video, or is it the Iranians who are peddling the conspiracy that you Photoshop things after you were made or that you Photoshop think, look, what is this? Let's get serious for. I am pissed. Let's get serious for 60 seconds. So that's this. Princess comes in the person. She's probably one of the public people in England. She's a member of the royal family. That comes with upside and it comes with downsides. The upside, obviously, the palaces and the estates and you know, all of you, I won't treat you with respect every single where you go. The downsides, I guess, lots of expectations being...  on you, but also the lack of privacy. I feel like the queen lived most of her entire life, I guess, with no real privacy. Every single matter of her life, whether it be discrepancies with her husband, family fallouts, were all in the public eye. And unfortunately, because I've no reason to believe that Kate isn't sick with cancer. And I hope she recovers soon. Unfortunately, as a public person, you don't get to just be quiet and disappear and hide from the public eye for months and months and months and then without people talking. And you know, nothing your right to do that. However, people are going to start asking questions. And unfortunately, along with all the massive upside you get from being a member of the royal family, one of the downsides should be that I feel that I feel like I should do a 45 minute quick Q&A press conference, life press, collection of different people. Assure people that she's okay for now and that what's going on is legit. Explain the photos, explain the videos, explain why they use AI, explain why they heavily photoshopped them. And then everyone's just continued their lives because the public are curious. The royal family is our most important, most cherished institution and we are as British people are very curious. What's happened? Yeah, you're right. And we talk about being a public figure and sometimes when you have something which is personal to you like a medical issue and you want to go over inclusive and you don't want to deal with the press, I mean, this actually happened me recently. I hadn't accessually long Johnson. Okay, I think we've had to talk about the speculation maybe a problem under law.  He said, look, Andrew, go along, John, say, why do I sit down for these two saying, but I'm only it. So this is what this is what Kate should do. So no, I mean, to talk about it, you know, Kate of all the people who are definitely not going to come on this emergency meeting. I think Kate Milton is probably top of the list. I admit, if I pulled off on the ultimate producer, you're not emailing. Well, email. We could just AI her. I'm an email. I'm not going to email me. Hey, hey, hey, come here. She's not going to come talk on the word. Kate at Royal Palace minor, but I'm built different. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm built different. So anyway, I'll go all the little bits of evidence here proving that this video's fake. Really get one. So why is it fake? People are saying it's fake. Well, the first thing about it, which is clear. And this is what I realized because my unashpurch<|tr|> the last thing they released was Photoshop, but something about this video doesn't seem quite right. I'm going to play the video again. And let's see if you guys can see the most obvious. This is the most obvious thing that stuck out to me. Here we go. Look at this shit. This is the most obvious thing to stuck out to me. So I'm going to try and do it on dual screen, which would be hard on myself as Mr. fucking producer. I want to take this opportunity.  to say thank you, personally, for all the wonderful messages of support and for your understanding whilst I've been covering for surgery. It was been in front of me a couple of months for a time. Meaning there's no win. But I've also been tested medical team. I didn't even mention that. There's no full summer blossom garden at this time of year. So that's clear. I'm majored in abdominal surgery. That's a green screen at minute. Yeah, that's a part of the news. It was still, like in the past. It was a famous bench in Windsor, Castle, Queens, and the last few days, it's been nine degrees, ten degrees, ten degrees raining. Nine minutes. Fourteen degrees raining, cloudy, rain, cloudy, rain. Yeah, so that's a green screen, which makes me think maybe the AI detector, let's be fair. Because you're not. There's no way in hell they really thought that they were going to get away with that. Did they think they was going to get away with that? I'm trying to process what goes through somebody's mind. To sit there and think.  We need to come up with a video and release it to the public so people stop asking questions. So what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to put a green screen and we're going to put a bunch of fucking summer weather behind it. When it's not quite summer yet. And if it's supposed to be outside, we put a picture behind it. That'll make no sense. You know, it would probably be a little more believable if they had like a video loop or some shit of like the bushes blowing like in the breeze and shit. Make it look real. But they didn't. I swear some of the people.  Who be coming up with the ideas, these ideas, they have such like fucking fourth and fifth greater minds. How in the hell do they get to where they're at right now? And their quote unquote career. If these are the ideas that they come up with, like you're sitting here trying to fool basically the whole world. And that's your idea for doing so. Like come on bro, like there's no way in hell you can't do better than that. Now you got caught so now any other video that gets released or whatever, everybody's just going to automatically think that it's fake. Everybody's just going to automatically think to this fake. And now you really don't fuck yourself up. That's crazy bro, I can't believe people really be...  thinking that shit going get by real quick real easily with no questions. Like, come on, but you all know that there's people that be paying attention to detail. I know this begins the truth. Maybe the AI detector we showed earlier, maybe, maybe just a text to green screen. And that's why I sang the video's 100% fake. Maybe they just green screened it. Maybe she didn't want to go out to the car for some reason. I hope so. Maybe that's reason enough. And the green screen alone behind a bench can explain some of the anomalies. But there's other anomalies that have people worried about. Look at this. A video analysis, close up slow mode. Let's see this. Supposedly this proves a fake. As you can imagine, this has taken time. It has taken me time to recover for major surgery in order to start my treatment. But most importantly, it is taken. Don't know that proves. I don't get it. But suppose that proves a fake. Like some AI dork. Well, that's really interesting here. When we talk about this, is not that when the video's fake or not. You guys are taking on the...  level. Let me explain to you all. Look at this. This is you. You're a bug. Right right here. Can I just go to sleep? It's his science. Down here on the ground in the mud. Above the bug level, you have what the humans live. And then you have where we are. That's first the Cassidy. You have a small vision. A human has some vision. But I have unlimited vision because we're on bug level. So because we're on bug level, you said no going. It's going to be a fake or not. That doesn't matter. What matters already is that people don't believe the videos they see. This is the first time in human history. That people can help me. Matrix attack matrix attack something went wrong. We're taking a quick look at the right back. Matrix attack matrix attack matrix matrix matrix. But level you're down here with the bugs. I thought you weren't going to be rude to our family and friends. I'm just telling what they are. They're making me happy bugs here. They're all happy bugs. The people on the army. What matters here is not what the videos  I'm not gonna make a move. What matters is this is probably the thing that I'm not gonna do. You're not gonna be fucked up. That's God. And it is the first time now. And this is gonna come to new norm because the NSM have lied to us so heavily that they don't know about the lie and lie and lie. We got a rear. You guys have a rear. Okay. You guys have a rear. Okay. You know, if they have attacks. They are like. I already do something like taking a whole lot of shit. But I didn't see a whole lot of things that like holograms and shit. Like not not personally but like on social media. I was seeing people. Videos like, Ooh, look at this shit. But that shit crazy. Brother. It's the fucking hologram. So it's like, yeah. hologram. So it's like yeah were they already been started faking shit. Like we already knew that was gonna be the next...  and the matrix would start faking shit to get people to start tripping so to speak so that they can have more control over them. We already knew this shit was coming. It was just a matter of time. And so you know that it could be fake. Yeah. So there's no way of knowing. And this right now we have people who are detecting small anomalies in the AI and saying we think it's fake because of this because of that. In five years, you're not going to tell a difference. It's going to be exactly the same. At least in the video of Will Smith, Ian Spaghetti and how much change in six months. No, it's a very good description of how good AI is. In six months time. We're going to show another one to me. Look at that. Will Smith, Ian Spaghetti, the first draft of the video and the second third board. I'm going to play completely unrelated video to Kate's terrible medical conditions. The doctors of Cambridge has received her first dose of COVID-19 vaccine. Cambridge couples official Twitter account posted a photo of the moment Kate Middleton that got the jabbing. Yeah, so the other side of the nothing but life are so long that now when they play a video, we're actually quite lucky that currently if you analyze hard enough, you can come to a conclusion whether a video is fake or not. In a few years, a few months perhaps you won't be able to tell the difference. No one.  is gonna be able to tell you what's true and what isn't, but sides, MSN themselves. Don't worry, we have fact checkers on it. We verified it. The same people who verified the vaccine verified this video. Now believe in the conspiracy theories guys, they're from Iran. You know what I mean? You're not in the Persian. You know we Persian, don't believe in that. You'll have nice rugs, but you won't get the truth. BBC warns about online conspiracy theories. No, we're just asking questions because you lied to us. If you lied to us once, we're gonna ask questions the next time you lied to us. You know what's interesting Andrew? Cancer rates are set to go up 77% by 2050. Oh yeah, I wonder why is that? They say it's because of smoking and drinking. Because there's not like every day on the news. It's not like that. No. Why? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Why would cancer rates shoot up 70% when every year because of smoking and drinking people's drinking all the time? 50. No, because I can't say it. Look, cancer rates are going massively up. They're probably, it's probably like inflation. You know how they're like, inflation's 3% in your price of double. They're like, oh, cancer's off a little bit. But everyone who actually notices that cancer rates have spiked for real. Like actual doctors.  I've seen that cancer rates are through the roof. That's very funny, isn't it? It's almost like there's something wrong with these people's DNA. That RNA DNA, something, something's a mess. Now, you want to hone on things that that video is too complicated to fake. The world palace and the people charge often admit that they can fake people. But here's them bragging about how they can fake the queen. Look, obviously, you can point. Jenny, is there any argument to say? This all sound crazy, but China does it. We've got to now take control of Twitter and shut it down for the time being. I don't think we should take control of Twitter. We've tried to do it. We've got to take it. But let's just ban people talking and thinking. I've done it. There wasn't bad everybody. Who the fuck is your mate? I've got ideas here. We're going to be trying to talk. Who are you going to want to work on? Please imagine you wake up. OK. I need some of the talk on TV. Hmm, who's the least impressive person? Bang him. Who the fuck is this guy? Why the fuck would anyone listen to Jeremy? I literally have no idea why he's on TV. I've got an idea for Jeremy Biden. In fact, I want your side. I'm on your side. Why don't you take control? Google it. Oh, brother, this is funny. You didn't fuck the side. You should be on TV. Why is it fucking on TV, bro? Man, they put the dumbest people in position. The quote unquote,  and positions of quote unquote knowledge. And it's like they do that shit because they know that if somebody follows the advice of a dumbass, the people who are following that advice are going to become dumbasses. So what is part of their plan to dumb down the people so that they think on the bug level, like what Andrew was saying, so they think on the bug level down there in the fucking mud instead of thinking up here on the human level where you're supposed to be at. They try and hard to dumb down the fucking people to get them to believe they bullshit. And man, they've been doing that shit for a hot ass minute. And guess what? It's working so far, but it's working. I'd say it's working pretty good, which is the damn shame. You see all these fucking people out here. You know, I just seen a clip earlier. I didn't watch the whole thing because I was losing brain cells by a second. But this motherfucking chick had gender surgery to be a fucking dude.  And she's like, yeah, but I'm wondering I don't want to be just a female or a cis male or this that just using all these stupid ass fucking words that don't even exist that have been made up over time. And she's like, it's so important to me. Like, this is the level of dumb down bullshit that people are on. And they're working, bro. They're working real good for them. But I'll tell you what right now, this is going to be a group of people who are going to eventually say enough is enough. And they're going to start trying to do something about it. But the thing is, when they try to do something about it, it's probably going to be too late. That's the issue. They're going to wait till it gets too far. And while the time it gets too far, it's going to be too late to fucking do anything. That's the damn shame.  I'm sure he finds network is six million American dollars, okay? All you need to do Jeremy Biden, because I'm with you here, is times your network by 7,334. And then you'll have 44 billion, and then you can buy Twitter yourself. Oh, wait, you're broke. And the person who wants to buy Twitter and give free speech back to the people isn't broke. I'm not too bad. I'm lucky. The shade, no, because that was a good idea. You know, buy it yourself and let people do what you, what they want on it, because it's your platform. Because that's what they all used to say. When they were banning conservative in three, four, five years ago, Facebook, Instagram, where we're banning everybody, well, why do you make your own social media platform? What have someone with your ideals? You just make your own platform. Now Rumbles here. Now X is here. We need to delete them. Shut up. All you're telling me the Spanish would just outlaw telegram. Oh, the Spanish, the socialists. Does anyone at home actually understand what's going on? They're now using fake videos to paint a first version of reality, because they intend on bringing you deeply into the matrix. At the point where you don't know what's true and what's false. You're going to think your country's a war when you're not even at war. The movie The Matrix is about your mind being preoccupied and your mind being occupied by a first version of reality. So they can extract the book.  from the people for the machines. It's exactly the same. They're gonna come up with all these false viruses here when we fall over and dying, false climate change, flooded cities, false wars. You're gonna be sitting in your house afraid doing exactly what you're supposed to do because events that have not even taken place and don't happen. And anywhere you're allowed to talk about the fact that you don't believe in them, they're gonna not ban. This man is just banned telegram. Jeremy Biden says we have to just ban Twitter. Well, fucking ass and I in statement. Oh, you know, we should just ban it. Why? Because people are asking if the next, you just thought we shot the last thing you put out. So we're quite rightly said, is this one fake? Not ban it, ban it. That look, yeah. Who are these people? And are your conspiracy theorists? It's fucking great. Yeah, it's like they don't be thinking shit through like that. Like you got, I'm pretty sure they have some type of plan because they quote unquote plan for everything. Contangency plan for everything. So they probably have something in plan for that as well. Again, till you they do, the enemy is smart. Smarter than you are.  I tell you that the enemy is smarter than you are. So they'd be planning for every contingency. I guarantee you they got a plan for that when people start saying that, oh, this is fate. That's fate. Would you guilty? There's your guilty of that. They're going to have some type of plan and they I guarantee you they are taking the necessary steps to get that plan in motion. I guarantee you they are. It's just a matter of time. So to get guilty as possible. Then Katie's uncle asks, where is Kate? Why is your uncle just a typical dude? That's not cool. That's your question. What's this? Because she doesn't want to talk about it. The last thing I'm going to do is there's there's the kind of code I should get. If it's announced, I could be the pinion. I think the most important thing, but I think I'm supposed to assist her mum. She's getting the best camera world. All the dumb. All right, coupling of the houseglare. over here. Come track. I made that well. those are someone else just asked all If you don't want to call relatives leave  Can't talk about sorry. We'll see you down the problem. Do you enjoy me? I'm just going to the public, everyone. I've never been to the public, you're going to be fine. Jeremy, find if you're watching. Next time I'm in London, I'm inviting you to the public. What if an AI video of you and Jeremy Vine comes out at the public? And someone please, how will you prove that you haven't been to the public? With Jerry Vine, if you had a video comes out. If you're watching this, please make an AI video of me and Jeremy Vine at the public. That's not Europe, which is on the precipice of implosion, because of the boring things. All the things you talk about, like the fact that farmers are not allowed to grow food. And the money's not real. Nobody can pay their bills for gas pipelines. So crime is out of control. No more quarters. Exactly. So now they're coming along and using fake videos on the news to try and report false versions of reality to keep people's minds occupied so that you can sit there and believe in things aren't true. So you continue to work in the 50% tax government, which hates you. And then if you want to talk about it, what they're going to do is delete all the platforms you can't talk. And then if you manage to somehow still share an opinion, they're going to make sure you pay the price. Because when you walk around outside, they now have picture recognition cameras everywhere. And they're going to instantly recognize you. And you'll be arrested. Excuse me, my car. My car. My car. My car. My car. That's funny. He said that, bro.  It's just like I told you they got a plan a contingency plan for everything to deflect everything that the people might throw back at them They got a contingency plan for everything Please cameras in an East London street everyone gets scanned if you refuse is what can happen This man didn't want to be caught by the police cameras so he kept his face please stopped him They photographed him anyway an argument followed So I'm gonna straight if you say things the government doesn't like it's gonna quickly become illegal to walk around your own hometown with your own face Scaring machine You know Fucking BBC they mad at me for what if I use a fake AI projector. I wore my chest nice to project someone  his face mark on divine super smart with their own idea. No, here's what we have to do guys. We'll bring in COVID back COVID back COVID alert warning that I don't trust it news source the news you love and trust is now telling you for your own say COVID back But for your own safety you have to wear masks that to not for the virus but I mean for the virus Grandma not for the facial recognition Grandma COVID back emergency meeting they want us to wear masks. Get on what they want You know what every time I get interviewed by an essay I make them show me their vaccine certificates And it's funny because at the end of the interview I've got to destroy them. I know they're gonna have to go home and suffer the paralysis That's gonna come to them by the 18 booster injections Probably then they bring this to but ask mass shit back like I'm a hell to the know That was dumb as hell And then they want to come out later on and say oh yeah, well, it's just just like the flu so you don't have to wear masks no more Like bro everybody not everybody Because there is still some people this fucking day that I see wearing  mask by themselves in their car and it's just like we're take that to mess it off. But most people knew that that shit was fake already. So they bring that shit back. I guarantee you people are gonna give it not as many people are gonna give into that shit like the first time. I'm gonna wear a mask all the time. That's what I'm wearing. I'm gonna say COVID. I believe the MSM I have a COVID shouldn't I need to show you face to face machine. No, I can't pass the back. I'm scared. Please social distance from me. Please officer. What we should start doing is carry uno reverse cards around with us. So they trying to rest us we're gonna do no reverse card and then we can arrest them or you do that. And all I'm an only set it take the get out jail free cards with me. My cuz I've been to jail twice and I've never had a trial when we could think of a cross mark. So next I go to jail. I can just use a gallon jail free card or I can stay that I need to social distance and get my own cell. Very smart. I think it's the skip card from who know? Okay, skip the sentence. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Well, when we go back to the UK, they try to pursue some kangaroo trials and try to put some  I'm not going over that the whole time. I hope that's just came out from CEO cast before the UK came up with this bullshit. And I'm saying to everybody, oh, the UK, you know, I guess they're going to try and get me, but how would they get me? I haven't lived in England for over 10 years. How would they know for 10 years? My whole life isn't remaining. I've lived here. You know, the remaining could dig into me. I've lived here for 10 years. How would I live in England for 10 years? One, we'd layer 12 years ago even a crime. Watch this. When I exonerate myself with this bullshit happening in England, keep in mind, I left America when I was seven and a half. Tristan, a seven years old molested someone, American charges. Watch. They're running out of ideas. Nice for recognition and progress. Very ironic. Man, they're going to do whatever the fuck they think they got to do to get somebody that they don't like. It's just like what they was trying to do with Donald Trump when he first started running for president in 2016. And there was like, oh, well, you did this 20, 30 something years ago, 40 years ago. And it's like, bro, that was a literal lifetime ago. And first, second of all, you don't even have no type of actual physical proof that wherever you're accusing me of actually.  it went from being innocent to proven guilty to guilty to proven guilty and that's insane, bro. And it don't matter if you're accused of doing something then you get proven that you're innocent. You will still be looked at as what it is that you're being accused of. You will still be looked at as what it is that you are getting accused of. And that's a damn shame, bro, especially for people that have careers, especially for people that are trying to build shit like like your boy Josh Yeti. He got accused of that stupid shit and it wouldn't even real. But I guarantee you some people, there's a lot of people out there that still call them. What they are accused of doing.  Even though he's proven innocent in the eyes of social media, you are guilty because somebody said that you did it so you had to have done it. It don't matter how many witnesses you got, you had to have done it. And that's a shame. So with that being said, man, I'm going to go ahead and conclude this episode here. If you all want to watch the rest of the emergency meeting, you got to go watch the video yourself on YouTube. Just type in and you take the emergency meeting. It'll pop up. It's like the first or second video that comes up. He's a heave-and-bomb on out and they're still screaming at every waking moment to the minute she's success. It's why I'm telling you, bro, it don't matter if you've been proven innocent or not, you are guilty in the eyes of social media. In the eyes of jealous and via hateful people, you are guilty, no matter.  What is proven? You are guilty and the reason why you are guilty is because they don't have the level of success that you do and They want it, but they can't get it They like the trolls into the bridge Who want to come out? Who went through blending with society, but they can't? They just can't it's impossible for them to So they stay under that bridge They stay in the mud They stay in the shadows And there's not enough of them around each other for them to have a little community They're all scattered abroad so they just remain by themselves They're the little trolls, but They're the little trolls And that's just how it going be Unfortunately, that's just how it going be some people are meant to be trolls  because that's all that they have in their heart. It's just being a troll. So yeah, man, with that being something to go ahead and get up on out of here. Make sure you're sure with your friends, your family's mummies, aunties, grannies, nubettes, y'all know, appreciate your off-tapin' in. I'm gonna go ahead and get up on out of here. Let me go ahead and play this outro real quick. 