 He told people in their content, and they're like, oh, I'm happy with what I thought. I'm like, why? Because there's people who have a whole bunch more than you. And I was never content having a normal life. I wasn't an exceptional life. I didn't want a normal car, a normal house, a normal girlfriend. I didn't want none of that. I was like, no, no, no, no. There's dudes out here that have the best. Why do they deserve the best? And I don't deserve the best. I really believe that. And this is something I've always had in sight. I just didn't understand why I couldn't have the best stuff. But wealthy up ring, we can have a very poor up ring. When we moved to England, we were at homeless shelter. For the first year, as we were trying to find council housing and an aerobic single mother council estate, of every excuse everyone else has to be a criminal asshole. And I'm not. So people go, oh, you're lucky. You could kickbox us. Getting up and running to this gym, because my mom didn't have a car. I'm couldn't afford the bus. Running four miles, training, and running four miles home is not luck. You could have done that. I didn't want it. So people made me barriers, but if you genuinely apply yourself, nobody. Absolutely nobody.  gives a fuck about you as much as you're gonna have to give a fuck. Nobody cares about you as much as they need to care to fix your life. Even your parents, even your friends, even all the people who think they care about you. They care about you, yeah, sure. There may be two or three people on the planet who genuinely care about you. But nobody is gonna come to your bed, drag you out of bed, drag you to a job, force you to work hard, go and get you a hot bed, and go and buy you a Ferrari. Nobody is going to do that for you. You are never gonna have any of the things you want if you do not get them yourself. Nobody cares about you enough to do a for you. This is absolutely true. Because when you've come from the absolute bottom to the absolute top and you've done it all off of your own back and hard work and dedication and never missing a day, the only shortcut to life is to never miss a day. One, because of compounding interest and two, because sometimes you get lucky. And you'll never miss a lucky day if you try every day.  You don't try every day, you might miss your lucky day. And that's what we would understand. If you never miss a day and you never don't try and you're always on time, was I late today? No, on time. And you try and improve every aspect of your life. And you're a professional. And you try and make sure that you analyze your decisions. You give yourself feedback. You don't make mistakes. You're not lazy. If you try and you make it to the top, you end up a least. Because you look at the people down below and you're like, well, why didn't you try? I did. Oh, I did too. No, you didn't. That's a lot. We were very, very poor. Me and my mother and my brother, when we moved to England, we grew up in a homeless hospital. So I grew up at the very end of the socio-economic ladder. I had a worse start than 99% people. But I lived my life when I was poor. The theory has set the fact that I was poor. Because my ego, and I'll be honest, my ego is a point where I didn't understand how other people can afford for our reason. I can't. I would be 18, walking to college, but for all of you.  and it would ruin my week. And everyone would be like, what's wrong with you? I'd be like, don't you see? This fat fuck can buy a Ferrari and I can't. Why? He's not a better man, he's not a better person than me. I'm just as good as him, it's not better. I couldn't stand the fact that there are people who could do things I couldn't. So this gave me unlimited motivation to get rich. Now I found a way to get rich and I believe that anyone who really, really, truly wants to get rich will get rich. One way or another. I always knew the answer to everything is raw action. Yeah. The answer to everything has always been raw action. My dad had a tweet about this, he said that raw action solves all. And he used to say this, I give you an example, if you're a farmer and you need rain for your crop. And there's no rain. You can sit there and say there's no rain we're all going to starve. Or you can stand up and do a rain dance. Now will your rain dance work? Perhaps not. Perhaps the rain won't come. But I would argue that you're better off standing up doing that rain dance than just sitting there waiting to die.  You have to do something raw action solves. So when I was broke I was never like, ah, I'm poor. I'm poor. What do I do? It was I'm poor. What must I have to do something? I'll just if I was broke I'd go for a run as well. Such a great fire if I was broke I'd sit there and go I'm actually poor. How do I make money? Don't know how can I make it? Where can I get some cash? Don't know what work I do. Don't know. I'll just go for a run then and I just go for three mile run and you need to sit there and realize, whoa, whoa, whoa. I have a few years of consciousness and even less than that I have a few short ears as a young man because age will damage you. I mean if you're a millionaire under 60 it's not nearly as good as being a millionaire at my age. I became a millionaire under 28. So you need to realize you've got a few short ears the young man, you're wasting them. What's the definition of a loser? I think the universe is absolutely and utterly giving. I've never seen anybody dedicate themselves to something completely and fail. I've never seen somebody eat right, go to the gym every day.  Train really hard and not be in the shape. I've literally never seen it. The universe is extremely giving if you actually try and you actually want it and you're actually not making excuses lying talking shit You're gonna get what you want So when I see people who don't have what they want I consider them losers and this may be a leetist I understand that but if I put myself through endless pain to end up where I am it's very hard for me to have sympathy on the man who's afraid of pain You're avoiding pain. I've been to endless. I now have everything I've ever desired. You have none of the things you've done Am I supposed to flasart me? If you can be out. Am I supposed to look at you and go, oh poor dude? No, you were a fucking coward You didn't go through the shit I went through you didn't put on the line So you deserve your substandard reality. That's what you deserve you're a fucking loser Because if you actually wanted it and you actually cried you'd have it You could have anything you want. The universe is super giving you want a fucking Ferrari you can have it  You want that bitch, you can have her. You can have anything you want in the planet. There's not a girl I look at that I want that I can't have. Not one. That's my reality. There's not a car I can't have, there's a house I can't buy. I want to go to a yacht, I want to go to Antarctica. There's nothing I can't have out of bed. Because I've decided to become this man. It's the same for absolutely never seen one of you at home. If you want it, you can have it. If you're sitting there saying, Oh, but I tried my best and I still didn't get it. You're lying. We didn't try your best. That is a fucking lie. The university is to everybody in general they try. What's the main thing that you want to get across to the world? My main message is to resist a slave mind. The thing is, to understand everything you're doing is old. It hasn't been gendered behind you. It's over the other one. The examiner every strong will help you if you have. And finally that fight will come to an end. I sit and argue with people. I discuss things with people and they are so fervently believe a point. And I say, why do you...  Do you believe that someone like, do you have personal experience? No, but I saw the news. Why do you believe? The news told you X and now you are desperate. You will see here for hours arguing that point. A lot of people are completely empty vessels ready to be programmed. And I try to tell people this thing. So just stop for a second and understand that the things they're telling you to believe are not necessarily for the government. But people who make the rules, they're not like the rules. But it depends on everybody to make the rules, to the benefit of people who make the rules. Yeah. So telling people to resist a slave mind and just be critically, critical thinkers, keep the brain open, pay attention to things, be perspicacious. That's the general thing. Many doesn't matter whether you're left, right, liberal, man, woman, etc. Just think of yourself. I always do the answer to everything is raw action. Yeah. The answer to everything has always been raw action. My dad had a tweet about this. He said that raw action solves all. And he used to say this. I give you an example of your apartment.  and you need rain for your crawl. And there's no rain. You can sit there and say there's no rain we're all gonna starve. Or you can stand up and do a rain dance. Now will your rain dance work? Perhaps not. Perhaps the rain won't come. But I would argue that you're better off standing up doing that rain dance than just sitting there waiting to die. You have to do something. Raw action solves. So when I was broke, I was never like, ah, I'm poor. I'm poor. What do I do? I'm poor. What must I have to do something? I'll just, if I was broke, I'd go for a run. That's why I was such a great fire. If I was broke, I'd sit there and go, I'm actually poor. How do I make money? Don't know. How can I make, we're gonna get some cash. Don't know. What we're gonna do? Don't know. I'll just go for a run then. And I just go for three mile run. And, or go hit the punch bag and get better. This doesn't hit so deeply, man. This is exactly what I did. That's exactly. You just have to say, well, I have to do something. I can't just sit still and die. A lot of people are happy to just sit still and die or jerk off and go to sleep and take a nap. Well, that's what you wanna do. Then you can say a loser. That's fine.  I'm glad there are losers because if everyone had Lamborghini's, my Lamborghini wouldn't be fun to show off. I need you to look at it and feel the deep pain in your heart of regret and failure. That's the whole point of it. I need to drive my Bugatti and everyone be looking at it going, I'll never have one of those. I can get all their energy and feel it all and it makes me happy, fantastic. So you can say at home and do nothing, but when I was poor, I had to go for a run. I couldn't sit still or lift weights or do something. I couldn't even sleep. So raw action solves everything. I understood that as a young age. But as you get older, you get to look back and you get to put your whole story together, the whole tapestry together. I knew I wouldn't stay poor. Did I ever think I'd get this rich? Well, I never said I wouldn't, but it'd ever think it would probably happen at this level. No, but it's amazing how the compounding interest of just endless raw action adds up. I've never had a lazy day. I've never skipped work, never missed an email, never had a day off, ever, ever. You name the life you would have go through the last three years of my life. You will see that there's never been a day where I wasn't doing what I was supposed to do.  and all it just adds up and then monumental success comes and you get to laugh everybody else, ha ha ha, and life's great. But I really believe God's giving me one of the best lives and I can't complain about anything bad that's happened. It's all been fantastic. And the majority of people are losers. And this goes back to why we were saying earlier how I know the elites view us because I'm from a council estate in Luton, single parent household. And I've only been rich 10 years or so. And I despise losers. So imagine your a billionaire bored into a family, a lineage which is controlled earth for hundreds of years. Imagine how much they despise us. Do you think they give a fuck about what the bullet in me? Do you think they're gonna have any sleep at night missed? Do you think they give a solitary fuck about you missing your fucking parents funeral because of the common cold? They don't give a solitary shit. Why would they? Because I already know how I feel when I listen to losers complain. Because this is what happens at a certain level.  of competence and power. You just get to a point where you're like, I'm tired of hearing your fucking excuses. That's bullshit. And you become to a degree, yeah, cold and psychopathic. It's true. That's what happens. And I get it all the time. I get thousands of emails a day. Everyone I grew up with, people I know, I get it all the time. A message to me, hey man, no. Just unlucky. You are not unlucky. You are a lazy, fucking loser. That's you are not unlucky. You're breathing. You're lucky. The unlucky ones are gone. You're alive and you are a lazy loser. So a loser is anybody who does not have everything they want have the drop of the hat. That's why I call loser. Because I have absolutely everything I could never possibly desire. And if I wanted something that I couldn't have, I'd care and feed. We could speak again in a few months and I'd come back. Interesting you say that because I have this saying and nobody can make that. Then I say, money's not real. It's the, what do you mean money's not real? It's not real. Money's not real. It's number of on the screen. It's not a real thing. And once you start putting systems in place, it's generally huge sums of money.  And once you get the point where money basically has no value, look, I do. I can go buy Ferrari today and my bank balance will look like this. But from the bank, this money isn't real. It's just numbers. It's all fucking invented. It's printed from the sky. It's garbage. You just have to find a way to make people understand your value. And yeah, it can just appear from absolutely nowhere. And I went from completely broke to hundreds of millions of dollars. And I know what you're saying in regards to this other world because there is a sub-sector to humanity. It's kind of strange. When I was broke, when I was on a council's stake in Luton, I thought, everyone was poor. And now that I have money, it kind of feels like everyone's rich. I go to buy a plane and they're like, no, I've sold out. Does he fucking sold out a plane? I go to buy a Bugatti and they're like, sold out. I'm like, all the shit. You are these people. Yeah, everyone's bought everything. Yeah. And it's crazy how many people out there have such ridiculous sums of money, truly ridiculous sums of money. There are so many rich people in the world. And it's kind of like your reality is based on your, it's the matrix, right? If you're broke, everyone's broke, if you're rich.  everyone's rich and that a lot of people have this separation. I was lucky to live in both worlds, but a lot of people have this separate strong bodies, a strong mind. Secondly, there's a lot of discipline required in fitness and discipline can be applied to you universally to all things. Discipline is a skill you can pull out of your pocket and apply to anything. You can force yourself to do something you don't want to do because you're disciplined, not because you're motivated. Like we said earlier on, not because you feel like doing it, but because you're supposed to do it. Thirdly, this is something that many other people say, so I'm going to say it. There is a unspoken rule amongst men and it. I remember a few weeks ago, maybe a few months ago, there were women on Twitter or women on the internet saying, when men meet, do they always think about the possibility of violence as that crossed our mind and they were surprised by that fact? That if men who, I mean we met for a podcast, but if you meet men in an unfriendly scenario or you don't know who they are, a for a fraction of your second, you're thinking, can I win this slide?  Are they going to attack me? It crosses our mind. We live in a very physical realm. Any man who doesn't has been polluted by the matrix and will never be competitive and is doomed to fail. But if you're truly competitive, like you should be, as a man always crosses your mind, then one of the important things about physical fitness that most people never talk about, never say, is men treat you different when they know that you'd be hard to remember. Life treats you different. Women certainly do. That's an obvious one, right? Women like mussely guys because mussely guys can fight on the says on the case, but that's how they look dangerous, right? But men also treat you differently, which means society is a whole treat to different. I would argue that if you wanted to run any kind of company or even do sales or do anything else, let's say let's go back to sales. Let's talk about what we were saying earlier. I'm about to sell windows and I came in in fantastic physical condition. The person who's buying from me won't be  knows I'm disciplined and too knows I'm diligent. That's going to be some massive advantages for my sales perspective. But also I would argue that men are happy to look up to somebody who is physically strong in a different regard. I think it would be difficult for you to be a true leader unless you showed some degree of physical prowess. I think that's just the way the world has always worked. At a deep level, when a man looks at a guy who's six foot eight and jacked and he says, we're going to go into battle. You're more motivated to go into battle beside him because he's six foot eight and jacked. You feel like you're going to win. You like the idea of being led by a warrior. So there's that huge element to it as well. And the final part of it all is that it's so much easier to keep something than it is to gain something. And once you're in good physical shape, it's actually so easy to maintain as opposed to ever get there. It's so hard to get there that if you're ever getting there, you may as well just keep it. Right. It's because it's so easy to keep as opposed to lose. And I think  And today's world is also a huge state assembled, because we live in a world now where most things can be ball. You can buy Instagram followers and you can hire a Lambo and you can buy a hot chick stand next to you, but you can't yet buy perfect physical conditioning. That is showing the world that you did it. One of the better times earned. If you had to earn it, and it's one of the few things left that has to be earned the hard way that you can't buy, which I think is also very important. We can also continue to answer this question because you're going to feel different. You feel different as a man when you know you can... And I'm a peaceful man, but when you know if things happened or if someone tried to hurt the woman next to you, you could destroy the man who tried to do it. You feel different. There's an aura that people can smell. The woman can smell it. Predator is can smell it. Maybe perhaps the vile's built differently. I would have been treated differently in jail. Good point. But everybody looked at me and they knew who I was and they thought, mm, that's messy. Not him. That's, it's just how you...  human's work, right? And it's just how the whole universe works. It's how the animal kingdom works. Even lions and tigers, as fearsome as they are, go for the weakest antelope. They don't want a hard fight. I just want to eat, right? Even mating partners. Yeah. 100%. So society is the same. I'm sure there's scenarios in my life where I've walked down a street and I've been left alone. And the person who walked behind me, a few seconds later, because he wasn't built like I was, was the one who got my mom. I'm sure that's happened at some point in my life. But I'm the hard target. And I like feeling like the hard target. And I think that I approach life differently knowing I'm the hard target. I think you should go through life with respect. Yeah. I think one of the biggest problems we have in the world today is too many people have just become comfortable with being idiots. You talk about rage bait. 99% of streamers are idiots. They're running around, insulting, and abusing, and pranking innocent people, and playing stupid games, and insulting people they don't know. I don't find any of that funny. I don't think any of that's appealing in any way. When I see these idiot streamers running up to an ass...  and people in scaring them or insulting other people, they barely know for views or all of these kind of things. I think it's extremely infantile. And I think that not too long ago in the world, it would get you hurt. And I go through the work with respect as much as possible. I try not to disrespect people because I understand where I'm from. You disrespect people real bad things can happen. So I'm not the kind of person who's going to sit on Twitter and just insult random people. I think that's stupid. Even if they can't find me, even if they can't get to me, even if they don't have the capability, I think God Himself is watching it. I don't think God likes people to do that. I think that you pay the price one way or another if you're going to go through life and be that kind of person. You should be respectful to everybody. I'd be respectful right up to the point I hit somebody in the face. Why wouldn't I? That's just how I am as a person. So I think being respectful is extremely important. I think it's what the world is missing. I think it's especially with the crypto communities. Interesting. I think the entire world is missing respect. I think there's a lot of people with a few followers and a big mouth who perhaps because they live in a failed state like California and they live in a failed city like LA, they just go through life and they do a bit of drugs.  friends do get a drugs. I don't do drugs. Everyone just talks constant shit and nobody has any honor or respect anymore and just crack addicts everywhere and houses get robbed and rappers get shot. And nothing matters, you just run your mouth, right? But if you live in other areas of the world, you lived in Moscow, or Bucharest. And you were the kind of person who just talks shit on Twitter, you'd pay the price for that. You have to be a lot more careful in other places. I have a lot of guys ask me, similar to your question, a guy will come to me and go, how do I get a girl? My brother, you're a loser. Yeah, but I know about how do I get a girl. Well, you're a fucking loser. You're a loser. Why are you asking me? It's like saying, how do I win a race with a push bike? You're racing Ferraris. What do you want me to do? There's only so much you can do. There's only so hard you can pedal. There's only so many tricks and tips. There's only so many game things you can say. So many pickup lines. If you're a loser, it's gonna be very, very difficult and it's gonna get harder and harder. The game is rigged to become harder and harder for men. It's not getting easier. It's going the other way. And if you're gonna be on a race track and there's gonna be Ferraris there and you're gonna be on a pedal bike or in a Nissan, you're gonna get smoked. That's the game. You have to have your stuff. You have to have your stuff.  I'm not gonna lie to anybody here and say you don't have to improve yourself, you can stay a loser and get chicks because you can't. You can. I've never met somebody with a fantastic life who did not completely and utterly believe in themselves. I've never seen somebody massively succeed and they didn't believe in themselves ever. I've never seen somebody who just allows life to happen to them and become blown off course by some sadness. End up doing massively monumental and important things. I've never seen it. It leaves me afterwards so I say she just likes to leave me. I don't care. I'm still working. You're still crying. You can't possibly ever beat me. I will continue to beat you into attorney as well my bloodline. You will sit and pay the price for the rest of your human years, even your ancestors. Above you are disappointed in you and your offspring for the rest of your lineage. We'll look up and say my great great great grandfather was a loser because I'm broke his heart and now we've been broke ever since. I wake up every day and I think how do I make my life better? Nobody else wakes up each day and goes how do I make entertain life better? So if you're not the person who's waking up every day going...  How do I improve my existence? Then nobody is. Nobody on the planet is considering improving your one spin on Earth. No one else cares. Nobody else cares. So if you don't care, then you're fucked. So you need to wake up and care. And it's amazing to me. Like you're saying, how did I find my mentors? I just tried a bunch of them. Like when I had no money, I would try very hard to listen to lots of different people or I tried different things. And I wasn't scared to invest in myself because I understand that look, if he's taking time out of his life, then I need to reward him for it financially. And I tried very hard and I listened and I paid attention and I was never lazy. I don't believe there's a person on the planet who pays attention, tries their best, is never lazy, is on time, works hard, has a mentor, and is giving it his all who isn't rich. I don't believe it. I think that if you do all those things, you're rich. And if you don't have any money, you're missing one of those key elements. Now you can fool yourself and you can fool everyone else and you can pretend you're doing them. But if you're truly honest with yourself, am I finding people who are trying to teach me what I want to know and am I...  trying my best. And the answer is fucking no, every time. Just even being around people with money, it's just a good place to be. I'll give you an example. I was in Romania and I have the largest car collection, probably in Romania, I have 28 supercars, everything you can name. And I went to a town called Cluj Nupoca. It's on the border of Hungary. And I drove there in my shiland and I parked up and a kid came up and he said, hey, can I take some photos of your car? I have a car-splowing page. So you know, whatever. Cool. And he goes, yeah, okay, I'll just be a few minutes to this. He took a bunch of photos and he goes, and he come up to me and he said, you want the photos? And I was like, I'm not really, I've already got photos. And he goes, oh yeah, okay. Well, if you want him, here's my email address. And I said to him, why do you do this? You spend all day standing around taking photos of other people's cars. Is that not a waste of time? I thought it was a waste of time, but I was wrong. He goes, oh, well, I skipped school and I skipped college because I knew if I take pictures of expensive cars and email them to people, I'll have email addresses of the richest people in the morning. Yeah, smart.  I was like, you're a clever. I ended up hiring him. He works for me now. Yeah. I was like, you know what, I like you. He got me some full-time job that day. So he understood, be near the money. I have no money. Money's over there. Well, let me get closer to it. They'll always stay in over here on my fucking own. Let me at least get closer to it. That was a 17-year-old kid. Now he's making 10 grand a month in Romania for me. So like, at least being closer to it, so that you're all right. People should, even if they haven't got a penny in the world, should be going to these meetings about real estate, about investing, that at a specific cheap they should go. Just meet other people who at least have money. Have conversations about money. Talk about it. How are you going to get what you don't talk about? I will say this, because I said on every single podcast, if they lump me up for some insane bullshit, the matrix has attacked me. If I carry on the trajectory, I'm carrying on. They're going to put me in jail, because I'm too influential. For the people watching a home, they just need to sit and understand that the system does not make rules for the good of you. It makes rules for the good of the-  people who make the rules and a lot of the life paths laid out to the average man at home today is not for their own good is only going to lead them to depression and miseries. There's no evidence in my file, that's not the crawl. Everybody knows what I'm saying. This is a huge injustice the way we see it. They should not be detained at this point. There are not even charges filed against them. People are trying to accept him all to look like he's something that he's not. They best get the sky because if he comes out and he's free. Oh my gosh. Can you imagine if he comes out and he's free what his first life is going to be like? It could break the record. It'll be to talk of the world on how many people it'll be banned in countries. It'll be feared because if you go after a person like this, you better have proof to rest them or get them. You don't go through somebody like this because they become a big figure and their message becomes bigger. Specifically to the people that didn't listen to it before or hated it, they're going to...  to worry trying to silence the sky. And you don't think Andrew's gonna come out telling the story? My point, the point I'm trying to make is, smart work or intelligent work is something that most people use to hide and disguise their laziness. And I'll tell you why. Because if you're not a lazy individual, the first thing you do is you dedicate your entire life to work. Like I just said, every time because work, every gym session I go to is work, every car I drive is work, I'll film it, I'll use it, whatever it is. Every single thing I do inside of my existence is work. Once I've used all of my human time, every single waking second of every single day, and I now have a pile of work I can no longer complete. Then I look to streamer, and then I go, okay, I've been awake for 17 hours, and my work isn't finished. I need to find a more efficient way to get my work done. That's when you start being smart and efficient. But until all of your time is used, smart and efficient is a disguise for laziness and wellness, right? You're going to be smart or efficient. I feel people inside of Hustle's University, just...  I said I conquered TikTok, right? There's a guy inside of Hustle's University who's 16, he's taking 45,000 pounds on month. You know why? Cause it takes my old interviews. He makes TikToks. He does multi-tip-tops. He does three hundred years of props a day. He just, he works. Doesn't think, doesn't try and be smart, doesn't try and be efficient, doesn't try and change the world. He sits his ass there on his phone and, it can work. And now he's making 45 grand a month. I've always been, I've told this story another podcast before, but I've been an envious person. I've told this story because it was so perverted to me about how most people don't care. I was walking to school. I was walking to sixth-born college in Lutin, I was 16, 17 years old. And I used to have to walk about an hour each day to school and it was raining and I was walking. And I was walking with three of my friends at a Ferrari. It was an F430, I think. Pulled up at the, I was in Los Angeles for a while. That one's, yeah. Pulled up at the lights, made a bunch of noise and I'll stand in there and I watched it. And then the light went green and he's tore off. I said to my friends, I was like, bro. How do we get...  for Aris. And he's like, what do you mean? I was like, my mom is on a council estate. Single mother, she raises three kids on 300 pounds a month. I can we can barely afford food. He has 200 grand for a car, liquid for car. Something is broken. None of the teachers at school have for Aris. None of the university professors have for Aris. No one else I know has the for it. What do we have to do to break the matrix and and find the money? This is all a lie. I want a Ferrari. And my friends were like, hmm, don't know. That's why I have for all friends. Well no, that's why I have for Aris and they don't. That's why I now have 33 for Aris. Because I wanted, I was Envious. I was Envious of this man. Most people don't care. But you turned Envy into learning how to figure it out again. I turned Envy into anger, anger is power. But what we have people doing now because people are in love. Because they don't believe in themselves. Because the matrix is dampened their soul.  when they feel envious because they want to level the playing field, which is all envy is, instead of trying to elevate themselves, they try and drag off its down. So when people look at my life and are envious of me, what they should say is, he's truly from the most humble possible socioeconomic beginning. He is a person of color from a council estate, a single mother household. He is the bracket of criminal. He's at the bomb. And he made it up to the highest echelons he's on phone with the unmask in his ability. He can do what I can do. What's the worst advice anyone's ever given you? It's a good question. I've seen a lot of bad advice on the internet. It's the worst advice anyone's ever given me personally. I never really listened to anybody. So it's hard for me to talk about advice because I never listened to it. The traditional path to wealth is terrible advice. The building university degree, get job, blah blah blah. That's terrible advice. We already know that we talked about that.  I think follow your passions also a terrible piece of advice. Yeah. Yeah. People say, hey man, you need to find your way. You're passionate about and do that. And what they're trying to say is only do what you like because you have no motivation to do anything else. And motivation in and of itself is a scam. I don't believe in motivation. I believe in dissident. I am not motivated to do the things I'm supposed to do every day. I don't wake up full of joy. I have to go to the gym or I have to work or deal with crap. I don't feel motivated to do them. I'm disciplined. I'm not going to be the regardless of how I feel. Whether I'm in the mood to do it or I'm not in the mood to do it, it gets done. That's discipline. Discipline is a real thing. Motivation is fleeting. You're never going to be permanently motivated. So when someone comes along and says, oh, do what you're passionate about. What they're saying is you'll have endless motivation. And then you'll be able to try hard. You're the kind of person who can only try hard at something he enjoys, then you're going to fail. Because most things you enjoy don't pay any money. They paid money. You would enjoy them. It's called a job, right? Nobody likes their job. You like your hobby. Everybody likes playing video games. Maybe 1% not. 1%  You can make money from video games, right? Most people, you're right, and we're gonna make it. Do you think the guy in China who owns a concrete plan is passionate about concrete? Do you think he's sitting there stroking it at night naked in bed? Fuck no, it's money. Be passionate about success. If you're passionate about money, then you can be passionate about anything. I'll be passionate about any business on earth that pays me. If you pay me a billion dollars to dig that hole, I'll be very passionate about that hole. I will dig that hole with passion for the cash. Because you know the cash is everything. It's all right, so when people come along and say, oh, you need to find something you're passionate about, follow your passion. Bro, you're gonna follow your passion to the fucking food bank. You're never gonna make any money that way. You have to sit there and go, what is gonna pay me? Most men's dream is a Lamborghini Lister. And they have to save, and they have to finance it, work out how they're gonna pay for it, and they have to get the garage for it. It's a big deal. So by me trivializing that big deal, it highlights to me the echelon of my life. If I walk into a car different, say, what have you got right? Well, listen to this, okay. Don't.  Last price, don't care what it is, don't care what it costs, and pay for it, and then leave at the dealership for four months. Before eventually get collects on a truck, because I never pick it up, and he goes into some storage unit somewhere. I get other people's dreams with ease. I take their dreams scenario and I trivialize it. And to just, yeah, okay, I'm gonna go, why? And I think that that's what I enjoy about. It's kind of like, that is he, did this get? Well, it's kind of like a man's in love with a supermodel. Oh, I love the supermodel, he writes on her Instagram, and these dudes, this is real. A man's in love with a girl on Instagram, she's got three million followers, and she's beautiful, and he's liking her posts, and writing underneath it, and he's inboxing her, and she's not applying, and he's obsessed with her, and I'm like, yeah, okay, coffee. Fine, Tuesday. Do I really want to talk to her, no? But this man walks it so bad, but I have to make it so ridiculously easy. I guess it's kind of like a peacock putting up his feathers. Or a lion.  saying don't come near my tearful, don't come near my tree or or on my lead. If you were in a room with ice cream experts and all they talked about was ice cream, how to make it, how to store it, how to move it, the different flavors, the size of the cartons it's in, how much it costs to produce, if all they talked about was ice cream and you were in that room. Sooner or later, when someone comes to you to ask you some of the ice cream, you're going to know the answer. But you're going to accidentally know some shit by ice cream. If you're in a room with people who only talk about money, you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. So you need to be around people who are about, and the problem is with the people out here, everyone has a dream, but not many people have a plan. A dream and a plan are different things. When you say the guys, do you want to be rich? Yeah, I want to be rich. How will you get rich? Uh, one day when the ship comes in, so you can have a dream with no plan. Once the last time something fantastic has ever happened on accident. Once last time you've seen a big jacked dude and you see...  You say, hey man, how'd you get so jacked and he goes, don't know, oops. Don't, don't, don't, just happen. No, he planned it. He went to the gym, he worked for, he ate a certain way, he planned his meals, he had the bake it happen. It's exactly the same with getting rich, you need a plan to get rich, right? Most people have, everyone out there has a dream, but very few people have a plan. If you're surrounded by people who have a plan to get rich and you provide value to them in some way, cause they're not gonna drag you up, you ain't doing nothing, cause that's what friendship is, friendship is value exchange. If you provide value to them, sooner or later, you're gonna begin to make money. Let me tell you something, when I was broke, like I said, I have a bunch of money now, I was broke broke. This is not like I was broke, but from like a middle class family. I was broke, broke, single mother, public government housing, no car, I'd run to the gym, broke. When I was flat, flat, flat broke, the only one, only of my friends I'd sit around and talk to with my friends who would talk about money. The guys who'd sit and talk about video games or sit around and talk about football.  I wouldn't hang around with them. I wouldn't hang around them. I only used to sit and talk to my friends about money. None of us had any money, right? But if we walked into a coffee shop, we bought coffee. We would then sit there over our coffee and analyze how did this coffee shop make us give them our money? Because that's what's happened. We've given our money to this coffee shop. Why? Did we really want coffee? Where is it located? Is it in a convenient location? Is it because of the brand of the coffee? Is it because the waitress is cute? Why are we in this particular coffee shop? Why did we go to that one? Why are we in this one? If we were to open up a coffee shop next door, how could we out-compete this one? What's the rent for this place? What's the margin on a cup of coffee? Everyone in here's a man. If you notice that one in here's the man and the business suit. Why is the person serving not a hot girl? Why is it a guy? Do they sell sandwiches? Do they sell, okay? They start to actually think about the money. And then if you do that every single time you spend money on anything, you're gonna end up realizing.  There's tons of gaps. There's gaps in the market everywhere. You'll start to sit there and go, you know what? I could open up a coffee shop right next door to this fucking coffee shop. Change this, this, and this, and murder this man. Mmm. But people don't think about it. People just give their money away all day, and it never even crosses their mind about how they were convinced to give their money away. Yeah. You know? Because if you want to get rich, you're not the Federal Reserve. You can't create money from the sky. You need to convince other people to give you their money. So every time you give your money away, work out why. Yep. You know, so you need to be surrounded by people who think this way. You need to adopt this attitude. I've always had it even when I was poor. You need to start to realize that the traditional methods of creating wealth, which are advertised to you, are a scam. The idea that you can just work really hard, say, well, get a mortgage and in 35 years, pay the house off, and then you'll be rich. That's not real. That's what your parents did, right? The average can halt.  cost of a house during your parents' era was like four times the wages or five times the early wage or something. Now it's completely out of control. Yeah. It's going to be out of control. And patience is another thing I'll make a big point. Patience is a huge enemy to get in rich. I don't care what he's Gary Vee and he's dorks because Gary Vee's a nerd. Gary Vee's a nerd, right? He may have some money, right? But I'm already grabbing by his neck. Hey bro, you got me really tough and you got a really work heart. Shut the fuck up. He's a bitch, right? So I don't when all these dorks are talking about patience. Patience is what they tell the slaves to convince the slaves to keep being slaves. That's what it is. If I was in charge of the world, right? And I had a working class of slaves, which is what the working class is. I don't use that word slaves on ironically, right? Your slaves. And I'll tell you what, if I can create something from thin air and I can create unlimited amounts and I can make you give up your life for this thing. You're my slave.  If I could create dollars from thin air on the mid-amounts and I can make you sacrifice your life Be a currency for you. I mean you sacrifice your life for a tiny percentage of what I can create from thin air You are my slave Because even if you say no, I'll say I'll give you some more. Oh, okay. I'll hear some more of the free thing I make here go go do it go go go clean the streets You're a slave right so the slaves what they do to keep the slaves being slaves is they they advertise patients Don't worry. Here's what you do you go to school you go to college you go to university you get in debt You get a mortgage you get in more debt you work really hard. Don't worry. Your life's shit now But in the future it'll be good. Don't worry a good day's coming you might retire with a 401k Keep working keep going slave you can do it Patients is how they trick you into keep being a slave. Yep I turned myself from no money to my first million in two years to 13 million three years later That's how  you can make money if you're about money. If you're about, right? So I never believed in patience. You got to forget the patience. You got to forget the people who money. Don't love speed, man. Money loves speed. You got to forget the people who aren't about money around you. It's gotta be all you think about, all you talk about. You got to start producing. You got to start attracting attention one way or another. And if you do all those things, you will start to make some money. But next time you're sitting with your friends, this is a challenge for every single person watching this. Next time you're sitting with your friends, I've prompted, come and sit down. I've just joined in the conversation. I've just joined in whatever they're talking about. And after about 20 seconds, sit and think, this is bullshit. This is not gonna make any of us rich. They're talking about this, that, this bitch, fucking football game, this guy, that this is not gonna make any of us rich. You know, I'm a... It's a real country. The wealthy upbringing, we can from a very poor upbringing. When we moved to England, we were at homeless shelter for the first year as we were trying to find council housing in an aerobic single mother council estate. I've got every excuse everyone else to be a criminal asshole. And I'm not. So, you know, and people go, oh, you're lucky, you can kickbox us. Sitting up and running.  This gym because my mom didn't have a car and couldn't afford the bus running four miles training and running four miles home It's not luck. You could have done that and didn't want so you know People may meet barriers, but if you genuinely apply yourself 60 in the world, man. How do we pull this off? Didn't I see you work in Japan? Yeah Well, I was a broken you were a broken Tristan used to work in Pratt. He was a broken eyes to work in a fishmonger's carrying boxes of ice We used to be broken I Want to make something very clear I come from a very poor family my mother and father broke up when I was 11 My father stayed in America to play chess. There's no money in protest my mom and I will move to homeless shelter Lootening a group in a homeless shelter. So I grew up as a poor as you can go And it went to a council house went to a really bad school For hearts just as to oh your fault Nathan and Andrew have been looking for a cheap hotel for well over an hour Haven't been able to  to find anywhere that butchers. I had no money. I'm carrying boxes of ice. I'm a smart guy. I'm not playing chess anymore, right? I need to do something which drains me so that I can go to sleep at night without frustration. And if I kickbox, if I run three miles to the gym and then fight for three hours and run three miles home, at least I can sleep. I literally couldn't sleep. Kickboxing was my answer. I just started kicking people's ass and I just felt a little bit better. That was kinda how it worked. When I was 21, me and Andrew used to have no food. I used to drive my broken Volkswagen Golf to the KFC restaurant in Dunstable, United Kingdom and I used to sit in my car. And you couldn't ever eat anyone's leftover food if they ever had their mouth on it. But at KFC they used to buy buckets and I would sit and wait for people to sit outside, eat their meal and leave the bucket on the table. And I used to go and take that bucket, three or four pieces of chicken and I used to collect 20, 30, 40 pieces of chicken that were perfectly fine and left in the buckets. I used to go home and I used to freeze that chicken. I mean, Andrew, break it up, put it in our rice.  And that was our meal. That's what sustained us for that hard year, that year we have, and I was 21 and you were 22. That's how broke we were. I used to scavenge chicken from KFC, because I thought, fuck it, I'm not dying. And I'm gonna lose my kickboxing fights, because I don't have enough protein. What am I gonna do to make it through today? That's how broke I was. Go out around a bunch of other poor kids, and we'd be walking to school or walking to college, and a Ferrari would drive past. And they go, oh cool, Ferrari. And I'd say, don't that annoy you? And they're like, what do you mean? He knows he's hacked the matrix. Don't you see, how does he have 400 grand for a car? He knows something we don't know. Are you annoyed that there's people out there living a lifestyle that we can't ever aspire to? We're never gonna work and a job and pull this off. Doesn't this bother you? And they all be like, no. But me, it was always angry. One of the most telling points of my lander's life is at the time he was just fighting. His end turned around to be one day when I got home and he said, you know, bro, I'm just gonna start selling for insulated conservatories. I'm gonna get your job. Well, combine our money will be on 3,000 pounds a week. It's not bad. Looked him in the eye, said, Ed, you can't do that. You can't accept that.  job you can't come work for my company because once you do, then that's who we're going to be. You've got to think of something better. You do your training, you do your fight in your exhaust at all day, take the time, spend the day thinking, researching and find something better. I'm going to go and make the money. I'm going to make sure that I headstate my water. And that's one of the most important decisions we ever made. So I sat in my room, next day I wake up, all right, I need to get rich. And I'm starting from nothing, right? So I get on my laptop and I start googling what is money? Where does it come from? How does money work? And then I start learning about fractional reserve banking, the federal reserve, how it's not linked to gold anymore. I didn't even understand how bank's lived. I didn't understand any of this shit. I started looking all off and I spent a good three or four day studying and then I got really angry because I realized that money is bullshit. It's all a lie. It's printed from the sky and I still don't have it. All the know who got it equal for course. Are we all like, but landowners for? Oh shit, this thing goes.  I'm a billionaire by now. This feat between Christmas and New Year is perhaps the most wasting feat of the year. If you start at the same time as everybody else, you don't have an advantage over everybody. You're going to want to race. You want to go first. So do you have to wait for the calendar to reset because you really need that little bit of extra motivation to not be a lazy piece of shit? Do you need to see a number one on the calendar to get up and get your work done? The winner's New Year begins directly after Christmas because you have Christmas day, you sit around with your family, you eat food, you listen to your aunt.  You see that cousin who thinks they're successful. Ah, actually you just got into college. Imagine getting into college. If you work hard while everyone else is resting, for some reason that work you do is double as powerful. God is watching the work and he has a big pile of benefits. We're saying who's doing work right now so I can give them some benefits. And on a normal day, X amount of billion people are doing work so he hands out some benefits. But on a day when everyone else is being lazy, when you do work, we need diggies up the benefits for the work you're gonna get more forward. So right now we're in a time vacuum. We're in a period of time, the days between Christmas and New Year where everybody wastes their life. If I were to ask you, what did you do with the days between Christmas and New Year last year? You wouldn't be able to tell. You believe you can waste the following days between Christmas and New Year because you think, Tristan, these people at home think that they've had a hard year. I worked hard this year so I'm gonna just relax until the New Year. I've done enough work. I've had a really difficult time. In fact, I've achieved a lot. Have you put a dent in the matrix like we have no? Have you suffered in a Romanian jail cell like we have no?  Have you birthed any more children if you started a billion dollar company where the most Google man alive? No, you've done nothing and even after fucking up for a whole year you think you need rest You don't need rest what you do need is to get a head start on the competition on the first January when everyone tries to pull motivation out There's gonna be a week or so where we're gonna try really hard and all the blessings from God have to be Divyed up amongst all the peasants before they eventually quit and give up these days You're gonna get the most benefit from your work, which means you should double your work Make hey wall the sun shines and because I am top G I have decided to offer you all something brilliant because I know most of you struggle with the basic tenet of dedication and motivation and Concentration you have tiktok brain your mind has been assassinated by the algorithms This is the average person's life. It's his phone tick-tock tick-tock tick-tock tick-tock girl on Instagram Hi, she doesn't reply to his loser Tiktok tick-tock porn on Twitter and you metraphic right Twitter. I'm gonna be it. I want to be better. Okay, you have to do  this is really hard. Oh, oh. You have picked up mine. You're mine? I'm gonna attack. It's been Friday, the Friday. Imagine you're in bed and top G walks into your room, grabs you while your hair, looks you've dead in the eye and tells you you're a fucking failure while your hair. You're asleep. You're a fucking failure. Let's do it. And I dragged you to the gym and I stood over you while you're on the machines. You need 2000. You're on the puny machine with the lowest weight. After extra mile hours in the war engine, you might move on from the PewDiePie or 2000 to the real man's machines. Boy is, you can do it. You just need someone to make you do it. And I'm not gonna fly around the world grabbing you while by your hair. What I am gonna do is give you an opportunity where you can be forced to dedicate yourself for once in your life. During these days, doing Christmas and New Year, I'm offering a special package for the real world where you get two months for free, you get access to the accountability manager, and you can access to the real world platform. So instead you have to be a man. And when a man says he's gonna do something, he does it even if it's hard. I have business.  16 year old kid they can 45 grand a month from his TikTok because all he's done is he's gone into the hustle university he's joined he say okay how do I get attention I'm 16 I'm not a flawless orator I don't have a life or life experiences which are interesting enough to be used in a podcast which you're gonna ever allow people to pay attention to me but take does so let me go and find all of Tate's old stuff let me chop it up let me make a TikTok for Tate that gets attention how do I monetize attention now people are on my page how do I monetize it well I can take my referral link I'm in hate you here they can sign up at 50% off my link boom so he's taken attention the tension to eye generate it always runs to chop up some TikTok it monetize it he's been 45 grand a month do 16 bro so like it's crazy so there's so much money that can be made but you have to find a way to get attention in the first place right that's that's the hard part and if you look at a lot of companies so many of them have huge profit margins but they have to spend all their money on advertising to sell any product and then the margin gets wrecked because they have to get attention the old fashioned  which is advertising and that's a very expensive way to get attention. You define another way now. And it's difficult. That's that is the only hurdle between being broke and bringing a billionaire attention. How do you get it without embarrassing yourself and being a jackass because no one buys them a clown, right? So me I'm lucky because I've had a very very eclectic life and I'm good at speaking and I have a good memory and I have a lot of stories and I can sit and tell people and I can talk in a way that make people know I know what I'm talking about. So that's how I get attention. But if you don't even have that then it's difficult. It's hard. You gotta find a way. And I don't exist in a vacuum. The education system exists in a vacuum because the loans that they'll give you, you can only spend on that education. If they were to open it up to fair market, nobody would go university. They'd say here's 50 G's. You can buy Bitcoin, if you start a business, you can put a house deposit or you can buy a degree. Who's gonna choose a degree? No one. So they deliberately link the loan to the education and say you can only have one with the other because they don't exist in a fair and open economy because they wouldn't be able to succeed in a fair and  because they are selling a scam. They're selling a lie. I exist in a fairer open economy. You don't have, you've used been $49 with, hate you, you can spend that on anything else. You can go buy Snickers and, people are saying Bitcoin's a scam. People are saying, like, the people are saying some of the most fundamental, rudimentary, new financial systems on the planet, like the blockchain are a scam. There's always someone who's gonna say something to scam. There's some people who are negative and the reason that people are negative like that is because it is a disguise for their lazyness. If they say something to scam, they don't have to try, right? But they have to, I'm not saying hate you is gonna instantly make you rich. You have to work like you do on anything else about you. You have to get in there and try. If they get in there and they don't wanna try, what's the first thing I'm gonna say? Scam, I joined, he told me to do something. It takes an hour and a half. I'm lazy. Scam. That's it. That's 16 year old kid making 45 grand. He's making TikToks all day every day. He's working. He ain't getting money for free. He's sitting there finding videos, shopping them up, making them entertaining, adding the...  fucking titles that he's working for. I love that. A lot of people with no money are really, really arrogant. I know a lot of broke people who are very arrogant. They'll come along and go, I think that's a scam. Oh, do you, Brokey? Oh, Brokey thinks that's a scam. Oh, tell me again about how my online educational platform, the biggest in the world, which I've built, when I'm flying around in my private jet. Tell me again about how I'm out here to scam you of your fucking 36 pounds. Stom! Because they're arrogant. And their arrogance is a shield for their laziness. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Oh, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard, I work smart. Balloons, more cover. Anything it takes to say, I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works more or no harder? I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world.  But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court Joe Schmo's gonna smoke me I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift Yeah, you understand you have to do the hard work first if there's no hard work There's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go I work smart I don't work hard so I only have to work an hour a day if working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day Then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done I am absolutely an early a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work I have all this money and all I do is work my entire life is work this podcast work I'm getting the car with another meeting work. I'm gonna fuck a bitch. That's work She's gonna be on my arm at the fucking can on the film festival. That's more credibility I consider it work to fuck her that's work. I'm gonna go to the gym. So I'm in good shape work It's all work my entire life is work and people don't want to look at life that way They want to talk about work life balance and being lazy and all this crap I don't believe in you that I believe in if you want to win you have to out compete the  man who's prepared to do nothing but work. His player versus player. If you're gonna sit there and go, I don't wanna work more than an hour a day, well the guy who does wanna work more than an hour a day is gonna beat you. And no matter how smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And this is why we talk about things like passive income. Passive income is a fucking scam. I'm tired of people coming to me saying, I wanna make passive income. I'm, look, everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it, you need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money, you run out of time, you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles. My point is, if you have no money and you're coming to me saying, I wanna make passive income, why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first because there's no such thing as completely truly 100% passive. You're gonna have to check on it. You have to maintain it. You're gonna have to find a new tenant to that property. You're gonna have to make sure that DeFi crypto farm doesn't go to zero, it's not a drug pool. You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right?  But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is amazing to me You should be worried about active income if you show me if I'm a broken And you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour. I don't sit there and go okay, but how can I make that passive? I go cool. I make a 18,000 dollars a day Because I'm gonna work You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time I look at passive income because I have 18 hours a day. I work When all 18 of those hours are done and my workload still isn't finished I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive either via staff or whatever else And that's how I work smart I use all of my time and when all my time is done now I have to become more efficient So that I get more done within the same time frame to sit there and say I don't want to use my time So I want passive income is dumb at this dumb shit the 16 year old making 45 grand a month if he was to sit to me Go I don't want to make the tiktok's I want someone else to make it passive that he wouldn't make any money He's just working you have to just work  At some point, you have to bite the bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me talking about passive income and they're a brokeie, I'm like, you are just lazy. You are lazy, you will never get anywhere. Lazy people will never get anywhere in life just no matter what it is, they're never with tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never gonna get it. But also diversification becomes very easy when you have a good team. It's amazing, every single thing I talk about, ties back to things you've already talked about before, we talk about having good people around here, right? So how can I run all these casinos, while I'm not even there, while I've got people around me who can do things for me? I've got a good team of people. If you start with a good team, you're gonna make it. That's really true, brotherhood in and of itself is so valuable. If you sit around with 20 people, and none of them are lazy and none of them are snakes, you're gonna be fine. So you need to have people, you can, you know, just give this guy's in charge of this thing, that guy's in charge of this thing. They get people with different roles, different roles. Absolutely, you gotta have a team, you gotta have a network. And my network is so strong, that's one of the big advantages I have. I have people around me who I can genuinely when we're serious with them. I think the world is a violent place. I think there's violence all around us. I think that I feel.  the world in a violent way. And I don't mean that in a negative context. I say a lot of things and people take them as negative, but I see them as positive. Like I say I'm an angry person and people imagine you're unhappy. I'm super happy, but I'm angry. Angry is motivated. You can't sleep if you're angry. So you better work. So I'm an angry guy, but I'm a happy guy. And I see the world as a violent place. I've always seen that as a violent place. If most people look at a tree, they see a beautiful tree. If I look at a big, strong, beautiful tree, I think he must have fucked up every other little sapling around him. He took all the water, took all the nutrients. He destroyed them all. There was once 20 trees and all 19 are dead. And I got one tree left, the big G, top G tree, top tree. Take that's it. That's violence. Violence got him there. He destroyed his enemy. That's how we go to the top. You see a beautiful tree. I see violence. You understand? And that's the nature of the universe. You have to learn that you have to take things to other people and by taking it.  I'm not saying go rob a bank. I'm not saying that. I'm saying completely the opposite. You can be a philanthropist I'm taking money from everyone inside of H.U. But I'm changing their lives. It's a good thing You can take money in a positive way Most people don't look at the light look at life that way and when you look at life that way You need to start Identifying one of the things we teach inside of H.U. is to identify every single time your money is taken from you So I say this to people I say for the next two weeks Every time you spend money even if it's pound Right down how they got it from Like what do you mean? I'm like all right cool. You're walking down the street. You're going to Starbucks you buy coffee Why did they take your money? Well, I want a coffee. Yeah, but how okay? Do you want a coffee? Right cool. Did you only want a coffee because you saw Starbucks or do you want a coffee beforehand? Why did you want their coffee and not another coffee? Did you buy a cake as well? Why did you buy a cake? All right cool. So now you identified how they took your money then realize how they could have took more of your money You bought a cake but you didn't buy sandwich why the sandwiches weren't on display or they look cold Look rubbish or the woman who is  serving me was old ugly, maybe she was a young cutie and talked to me about belonging to San Francisco or Obama. So you just start identifying how your money is taken from you. Because once you identify how your money is taken from you, you can start to actually intelligently think about how you can take money from other people. If I had to open a coffee shop, if I sit in a coffee shop, I sit in Starbucks. The whole time I'm in there, not only am I thinking about how they got the money from me and how much I spent, I think about how I could outcompete them. I sit there and go, okay, cool, I'm in Starbucks to spend five pounds, 68, I got a latte, I got a donut, and I'm sitting here. And that business place, that commercial property right across the street is available for this. How could I outcompete this coffee shop which just took my money? What's the profit margin on this five pound, 68? How much it just cost them? The coffee pennies, donut, 30 p.m. Right? How much is the staff? They paid the staff minimum wage eight pound an hour. So I've already paid 30 minutes work from that brand. Wait, she's there for another 30 minutes free, right? How much is the rent? How much is the business rate? If I had to open up there, how would I attract people to come into my shop as opposed to theirs?  They got a big brand name. I'm brand new. Okay, well the bitch working here's ugly my one's gonna be hall boom That's the beginning next thing to do they have any signage outside. No, I'm gonna try and put some signage outside Do they have parking? No, I need parking