 But I think the modern world's changed because there's a lot more opposite programming to your parents than they used to be. I used to go to school, finish school, come home, play chess. I was never really allowed to really watch too much TV. I didn't play Nintendo too much, I played chess, that was it. So I really did. So besides the school teacher and a little bit of school I had, I didn't have too much outside programming from the matrix itself. But nowadays when you're raising a child, it's far more scary because you're trying to teach them things. That's fine. But YouTube's trying to teach them something else. And Netflix's trying to teach them something else. And school is trying to teach them something else more than ever before. And on top of that, if you're not a wealthy individual, your wife now has to go to work, right? Because you have two incomes to pay the bills. So she isn't even, your children are not even at home with the mother or the woman who adopts with your ideals, because otherwise you wouldn't be together. Now they belong to the state effectively in many different ways. The school raises them than an aftercare program, then the internet raises them. So now you have a very difficult job. And you'll see even if you look at YouTube now, children disagreeing with their own parents about certain issues.  no matter what they are. So issues, politics, LGPT, whatever, the parents will say, no, that's not true. Well, I heard in school it's true that because they spend more time inside the matrix than they do with their own parents. And it's very, very difficult now as a parent to get that that hard time with your kid and say, resist that. I want you to be this way. It was easier when I was raised. Now with that scary, I think that's actually it's a very, very difficult job parents have now because of that. Because the program is exceptionally strong because it's it's entertaining, right? And we've all developed ADHD and we'll all glued to social media and addicted to our phones and things are coming through the phone. And that's the argument they try to use to ban me. I argue that I'm a positive person. There's far more negative forces than me on the internet, which you're trying to infect the children than I am. That's the argument I have. I'd argue that I'm the complete opposite to it. But no, my father certainly not we have rage. My father was a super unique individual. It's hard for me to even explain. You have to imagine a big black guy, big physically dominating, dangerous guy who's a chess genius, but also  He was extremely, he was extremely calm to send it, but I understand why he was the way he was. When you're wired like he is, everyone is a moral. And when I say he had photographic memory, if it goes, oh, I know someone's photographic memory. No, you don't. I'm talking about what's your phone number? The call. Six years later, just on a pay phone. It's like, how the fuck? Just everything you told him, you remember. Everything. And that becomes a detriment. Because if you remember, and you pay attention, if you remember every number of plates, every car around you, then you're in a car with a guy, and he's like, last Thursday, that car was beside us. That was it. I don't know. Of course you don't know. No, no, I do know. That car is beside us next Thursday. If you believe in coincidence, it's like, well, maybe it is. It's a coincidence, dude. Maybe it is. And then you can't argue with him, because you don't know of these. He's like, well, you're not smart enough to remember all the memories, son. So you just leave this to fucking me. And then you turn off the road, because this dude might be following you. And I'm not saying he was paranoid. But I'm saying the world he lived in was a scary world. That makes sense.  And it also means you can't really function in society, because you can't have a job. You can't listen to anybody. You can't socialize with anybody, because that will be fucking moral. So you had this weird, you had a huge, my father diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder. And I do believe he had it, but people say I have it, but I don't. When you have true narcissistic personality disorder, you truly believe you're almost invincible. Does that make sense? A gun's were pulled on and you go, you think that's gonna kill me? Maybe you find, you get furious. Like how dare you believe a weapon can kill him? He was fucking rage. Like that's who he was. So yeah, he was a super interesting guy to grow up around, because it's weird to be around a dude who's so big and so strong, and also so smart, and you have to just accept second place all the time. And then you're arguing about number plates on some fucking Corolla from Thursday. And there's like, so how did you? Once you get past a certain number of million likes to say, what are you gonna buy? How many stakes can you eat? Like I don't gamble. I don't take drugs. Like you eat vodka's cheap. I have my house. I have 27 cars.  They're not in the buy. I have diamond watches. I'm really, although I talk about making money, and I talk like I'm a money-oriented person, I do that because you cannot truly escape from the matrix of your poor because they use it as a control mechanism against me. But once you get past that, it doesn't matter if you have 50 million or 75 million. Your life's the same. 400 million. Your life's the same. I don't need more money. It's not interesting. What's interesting to me is living a life that's true to God. I like being able to go to sleep at night knowing I'm happy with myself and who I am. I like knowing the things I say on podcasts are good, genuine, influence on the world. I like if something bad happens to me, which happens to everybody, I can go to sleep knowing that karma's gonna reward me because I'm a positive influence. I don't need to sell my soul for money. This is the thing the Logan does not yet understand. He still thinks selling his soul's worth it. It's not worth it for money. I don't need money. It's not about money for me on any level. It never will be. So I do believe Saint St. St. St. is coming. You have a very, very powerful point. And also, this is what you have a level of power control. I don't have, right? You have a certain state.  and power your right, I don't have, but I do certainly not believe it's coming just because of the feedback I've had. It's been absolutely monumental. On the day of my banning, I got 94,000 years. 94,000 people took time out of their life to just email this report. It's insane. It's insane. They haven't, they haven't tricked anybody. I never know. But this is the thing that's interesting because the feminist narrative, when I say things like the male pilot, for example, the feminist narrative is that I'm a controlling man who wants to control over women. The actual truth is I'm a protective man who wants to protect. And being a man in a position of protecting is not always a good thing. I feel indebted and have a duty to myself and my honor, meaning that if I'm walking down the street with a beautiful woman and three men want to attack her, I have to risk my life now. I can't live my life, letting my wife get gang raped on a fucking street and running away. I can't take it as a man. So I have to now die. I have to die or try. I have no choice. So, but that's my duty. But they'll...  They'll know that part. They'll know the part where I risk my life, right? And they'll say, oh, but you just want me controlling such a thing. No, no, I have a duty to protect. I'm calmer under pressure because I've been in more unfortunate situations. I've had more trauma in my life, which has trained me to be more calm under pressure. I would hate to meet a woman who's been through as much trauma as I have. That's not the kind of, that would make a good woman. I don't think women need trauma at that level. I don't want women who've been stabbed. No need for that. But I have been through it. So I think that in my experience, extrapolation, that men who are successful, a lot of them have been through enough to meet, trust them more in a high pressure situation. And like I said, this comes with massive responsibility. This comes with massive deterrence and downsides, right? And the feminist is like, no, you're controlling the self out of control. It's about duty. There was no feminist on the Titanic. Then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, then, there's no feminist to this day in Ukraine. Do Ukrainian women can leave? You'll see them parrying in Warsaw and Prague. Ukrainian men can't leave the country. They're dying in a ditch. They have to stay in front of them.  Not a single feminist is demanding that the women stay in fight. Not a single one. They don't give a fuck when it turns real. Once it turns hot, then it's, woohoo, straight up. When you want to sandwich, well, what do you need? Then it all goes back. The closer you are to the real world, the closer people instantly get into their gender roles. Because otherwise they get annihilated in real time. That's another thing I said. When I was getting hold of Miss Altonistic and I was arguing with feminists, I said, traditionally men are the leaders. And in ancient societies, men were in charge. That's because men are oppressive. You've oppressed us forever. That's their narrative. Their narratives that we've oppressed women forever. I said, no, we've protected and provided you forever. The reason we are leaders is because if we align with our gender roles, a man's more likely to lead, and that gives us a more competitive chance. In the old and world, where all the empires who currently fighting, if you're not as competitive as possible, you're going to be annihilated. I would argue that perhaps there were some civilizations for women we're at charge. But we don't know who they are, and we can't discuss their history.  because they were fucking annihilated. In real time, by the ones where the men were in charge, because you are hyper competitive, you're at your optimum when men are in charge. That's just the optimum of the gender roles. That's the way it really works. I don't believe we've been oppressing you since the dawn of human time. I disagree. I believe we've been working hard, protecting, providing for you. If men were truly oppressive to women, why don't we send the women to war? Women on women, it's fair, right? You can send all the women to war in Ukraine, all the women to war in Russia, they can die, but we can sit and we can chill, we can go to war, solve, drink vodka. We don't do that. The men of Ukraine and the men of Russia are dying to protect their women. And then they want to sit and say that we're bad. It's a completely skewed world. Whenever they come along and say that we're oppressive and that we have the most money in all this bullshit, it's a lie. We are going out of our way and giving up our lives to protect and provide. And this is where it comes to some of the other things that they said against me. I've said, a man has a degree of authority over something he has responsibility for. They took this and they used it and said, I think that men are f*****.  of authority over women. Not what I said. I said, if I have responsibility for something, I must have a degree of authority over that thing. If I have a car, if it for it to be parked in the wrong place or for me to drive too fast, whatever, for me to be responsible for the actions of that car, it must be my car. If it's parked in the wrong place, but it's not mine, and I'm not allowed to drive it, then I'm not held accountable. For me to be accountable, I have to have responsibility by extension that gives me a degree of authority. So what I was saying is, if a woman comes to me and lives with me, and I pay the bills, and she travels the world with me, and she flies on jets, and we go to votes, and she's taking care of. I'm responsible for her safety even walk the street at night. I assure her life is in perfect order. I have a degree of authority where I can say, you're not going to go out and night by yourself. It's dangerous. Or we're not going to go to this country right now. It's dangerous. That's a degree of authority that I have that comes with my responsibility from a protective manner that does not mean I am oppressive, that does not mean I'm a sogenistic. It just means that responsibility and accountability are linked.  and they can't be decoupled. A captain goes down with the ship because the captain is responsible for what happens on the ship. If the captain gives orders and everyone ignores him, then he isn't going down with the ship. He is authority because he is responsible to things are the same. And once again, people have misunderstood what I said. That's why I said, in a healthy relationship, perhaps in my relationships. I'll talk from a personal perspective that I can't be attacked. In my relationships, I am responsible for the emotional security, for the physical security, and the physical responsibility, of any woman I'm with. And by extension, I have a degree of authority over her to make sure that we, as a couple, proceed and progress in the best possible way. It's not going to be 50-50 if I'm in charge of the most important things. It's going to be like, listen, I love you very much. I respect what you're saying, and you're totally right about this. But on this one point, I'm sorry I'm going to be the man who's doing it this way. The combination of both, I think it's certainly on him to earn it, but also the matrix programming is counter to him. The matrix programming is trying to tell him that he shouldn't be allowed to be the man to house. He shouldn't be allowed to have any kind of authority.  any car. You shouldn't be allowed to be able to say what happens. The matrix programming saying the absolute opposite all the time. And if that's getting into your woman and you don't have that much influence and that's getting told your children you don't have that much influence. Now you're coming home to a household where everyone just thinks you're the dude who should just fucking work. You're just a worker to her. You're the slave. You're the robot and your feelings don't matter and your authority doesn't matter and get fucked. And this is this is very conscious. If you watch any Netflix show, the mother is to smart one and the man is the bumbling idiot. Turn our show. I dare you turn on a family show. The mother is the one. Hey, hey calm down. I'm smart. And the man's like, oh, beer. Watch any of these shows. They're trying to sell the man to the children. They're reducing the man to just bumbling idiot. And it's very hard. I think for a lot of men to accept being a position of constant disrespect. I'll tell you this now. If I had to choose a long lasting marriage with a woman who loved me or a woman who truly respected me, I might choose respect over love, even though they're the same thing for one, because she got she loves me.  she expects you by default. But if I had to choose, I choose suspect. I've been through too much and work too hard and go through too much in day to day life to come home to my house and be having battles over a s and I'm ocean. I take care of you and I love you with all of my heart. I would die for you. If someone broke into this house, I would engage the invader and die. I'd please just cook differently. What do you want for me? What can I do for you? Like, and when they feel disrespected, there's another thing about the world that a lot of people don't understand. It's disrespect that will drive a man to the most heinous of crimes. It's disrespect that starts the school shoot or bullshit. It's disrespect that makes men go to jail for life sentences. It's disrespect. When you truly disrespect the man in a public and permanent way, that's when they switch. That's why I'm so respectful in public. You don't know who to fuck your talk to. He might run his last fucking straw and you just disrespect him. Hey, you're a fucking bitch anyway. You just kidding motherfucker. Fuck you. You don't know. That might be the last time.  heard it. I've had enough. You don't know. This respect is dangerous, right? And in a household where you're constantly disrespecting a man, he's going to end up depressed and sad even accepting. Men just want to feel respected. It's not that hard to do. If a woman, if you true, that's just anyone watching this, if you truly love your man, it would be so easy for you to just make him feel respect. It doesn't even take action to be doing what basic words ask his opinion on something big and locked once in a while. And because we're supposed to be supermen and we purport ourselves as supermen and we're stoic. But we talked earlier about how we still feel everything. So when you're a strong man, especially, they're like, ah, he's fine. He's fine. He's fine. He's fine. Be nice to the dude. You'd be surprised how far you get. But this is why I think most men walk out marriages because they're like, you know what, I'm not getting any respect to you. I get more respect from this dickhead stripper 18-year-old hoe for throwing money at her that I do give him money to my own wife. Where am I being respected? Well, at least she's smiling at me. She's smiling at me in years. And it gets to a point where it's just like  I want to feel respected now. I'm working my ass off. I'm out here in the streets. I'm moving the sewers and shit. Where's my respect that? And that's where I think it really comes down to. I think men function on respect. In respect to the number one trigger that I'll make a man do heinous crimes. And it's also the thing that will make us do the bravest, most honorable things. What did I say about protecting my wife and friends on the rape right now in a situation on the street? I can't respect myself and I won't be respected by society if I don't die. So I will stand and die. I can't live over the restriably. Can't do it. It's my self-respect and respect of the world. No, that's a taste girl and he ran away. I can't take it. I have to die. I can't live that way. So it's like it's like honor. It's like hydro-hari or whatever that the Japanese thing with the sword. You can't take the dishonor of losing. Absolutely, they commit suicide. So respect is so intrinsic to men and a lot of society is forgotten. So that's why I also think my message is resonating because I'm teaching men, look, yeah, they're life shit. Yeah, you need to be respected. Yeah, here's how. But that's hard. Of course it is. Scope. So I think that's what it is.  So I agree with you, I'd love the idea. But the reason that it's ending is because in traditionalistic families, women respected the man. As soon as the respect's gone, now men don't want to be there anymore. They want to go find a new woman who respects him. Or run around and do dumb shit. Or run around with their boys. Their boys respect them. Women say, why is my man always out the street? Good, because on the street he's respected. With his boys, he's something. When he's home, what is he? You don't respect him. He wants to go be amongst the respect. That's why men do the shit they do. Dangerous shit, white spirit and shit, gang banging. How many times you heard a gangster say, I'll go shoot in respect, my name. It's respect. It's a different, it's a whole different dynamic. We've forgotten the respect inside of relationships. And this is why so many men are just losing interest completely. And then, yes, down with spiral, you're completely right. And then the woman's left by herself and the boys, the boys are trying to get respect somewhere. They end up getting on the street, crime, blah, blah. It's all just downhill. I think it's a fantastic environment and I think an idealistic world that's the way it would be. I think the reason it's not happening today is that I don't think many men actually benefit from marriages or relationships anymore. And people are always going to have...  require some degree of incentive. I think that we've set up the world now in a way where men are seen as worker droids. They're expected to go work all day, come home, clean up as well, share the cleaning with the woman, not have any, not no meal prepared for them, not have any authority over the household, and just be a worker droid and be a sad. And I don't think that many people understand that men are intrinsically wired to desire respect amongst our peers and in our environments. This is why CEOs work so hard because they get respect in their company. This is why we all want so much money and fast cars and status and influence because we're respected. Men desire respect like we desire oxygen. And if a man's coming home to a household where he doesn't feel any respect, he's not gonna wanna be there for very long. And I think the way you fix this is you need to understand that many men don't have an incentive to be in the house. I think that it actually would be quite easy for a woman. In fact, there's a couple women who even say this on YouTube.  I can't remember the names, but it'd be quite easy for a woman to make a man really happy with super basic things. Just go up to your husband and say, hey, you know more about this. What do you think about this? That would make most men's world. And there's so many sexless marriages out there with men work their ass off and they come home to a sexless marriage and kids don't fucking even like me. If you were to just even ask him this question about some ass-in-eye bullshit, a long more purchased man, if you would feel so happy to feel like the man of the house, that's what men need. They need to feel like all this work I'm putting and all this shit I'm going through, I'm respected for it. As soon as a man feels like he has no respect, that's the absolute end of a man's interest or a man's tolerance of a situation. I think this the reason it's happened. I think I know a lot of men who completely love their wives. They love them with all their heart, they die for her. It's an easy way for me to express in a few words how I feel about women's. I adopted something from popular culture and I adapted it to try and quickly explain it. I try and sit and explain that most people are being used for their resource. They're being projected to react.  that isn't true, they're convinced of things to aren't true. They're promised that if they slave away hard enough, at the end, at the end you'll retire. At the end they'll be good, which is a lie. And they're just used for their resource until they die. To get into that and explain that I'd like to stick with it. But if I say you're inside of the matrix and they've seen the movie, they'll be like, what do you mean? So I'm the matrix. You're living inside of a projected reality, and your body heat is being extracted in real time for the machines. That's what's happened. You know, I don't understand. You'll understand once you break free. How do I break free? You break free when you can talk free of it. This is the thing that's amazing. And I talk a lot about money, but I'm not that financially driven. I just understand if you don't have money, you can't have an opinion. You can't say what you think. You can't do what you're not told to do, because then you can't pay the mortgage. If they say where a mask to come to work, even no matter how much you know that mask is fruitless, you must pay the bills. You must comply. That's the matrix. You have no force but to comply. It's only when you get to a point of money where you can say, no, my principles are worth.  losing X-Millian. That's when you can escape the matrix. Money is a primary motivator to escape. I've always been interested in freedom more than money. It's all about having nice things. It's about having freedom of mind and freedom of thought and freedom of autonomy of my own body. That requires money. Or it requires a complete opposite like I said earlier. It's either no money, living on the street, or a lot of money. Anywhere in between, you're controlled. But if you ain't got shit and you're on the beach, where am I supposed to get fucked? I'm gonna take my house and go. No, so when did you do a fine? I'm sure you don't want that. Like I got you money. That's the only way you escape. You escape through extreme poverty or escape through wealth. And I was prepared to take either root. I'll try to take either one. I think it's a natural tendency to be conservatively minded if you are masculine and also if you are competent. I feel like a lot of my traditional masculine values just come from my respect in myself and my confidence in myself in dangerous situations. If I'm recently else in the Romanian mountains it starts to snow heavily.  I was with a girl, it was her car. She goes, oh, we have to drive home, and she said, I'm going to drive. Those are my cars, I have a I'm going to drive. So why? Because this is a blizzard. She's like, okay, it's not me being misogynistic. It's just, I know I can drive into blizzard. I just trust me. I just trust myself. And I trust future self, even more than I trust my current self with that makes sense. So if I have a situation now where I have a play to make and it seems semi-risky, I'll think, well, future Andrews, you can better the current. It's a future Andrew, oh, four years from now, I'll help fix, let's say it goes wrong. A future Andrews got it. If current Andrew can pull X off, future Andrew can pull Y off. So we're going to take the risk here option with a bigger reward, for example, obviously you'd have to be stupid. But I think that when you have true belief in yourself, when you have true competence, you're going to naturally inclinate towards being a protector and a provider and have these conservative values. It's really interesting that the closer a society is to the survival line, the closer people.  naturally bends to their gender roles anyway. So let's say we take America, right? Where you have feminists and all hard liberals and all this garbage. If they were all marooned on a desert island, let's say there's a shipwreck, they don't maroon on a desert island. One of two things would happen. They'd stick with their Western world garbage and perish. Or they would all quickly align to the natural baselines of humanity, gender roles. The men would build and hunt, the women would gather and look after the sick, and then they'd survive. The closer you are to survival, the more important you are. The more important it is that you align to your gender role because if you don't, you don't have a chance to survive. So in countries where it's harder to survive, the more traditionalistic. It's only in very, very privileged societies can we pretend that you do not need a man who can protect himself and others. It's a lot of very privileged societies, right? So I think when you have a hard life and you've lived a life on edge, you're naturally gonna be inclined in climbing towards those things, towards reality and towards conservative values and towards traditionalism because you know that gives you...  the highest chance of survival. I have a highest chance of survival if I focus on doing X and I am this type of person and the woman next to me is this type of person and that gives us the best chance and that makes me a traditionally masculine male and her a traditionally feminine female especially living in difficult life that makes sense. So and especially in many parts of the world that's still true today and most of the world that's still true today we're talking about we're talking on these podcasts to extremely privileged individuals who want to sit and throw away 98% of how the world functions to say it's bullshit and come along with this brand new thing they've invented for the last 15 years and I say this often I say you find me dangerous that I say I said something that's got me in a lot of trouble so I'll say it again I said that if I had to fly if I was going to go on a plane that was going to fly through the eye of a hurricane and there was a 50% chance of it crashing I would prefer a male pilot than a female pilot feminist lost her mind but in such a state I said no I think that men are calmer under pressure  I'm not saying the pilot, assuming they have the same skill, I'm talking about just the pressure of the plane crashing. In my experience, men are calmer under mortal pressure than a woman would be. She might panic and then we're definitely going to die. I'm not saying she would panic. I'm not saying all women would panic. I'm saying if I had to choose, male pilot or female pilot, but this is semi-suicide mission. I would choose a male pilot. That's my life experience, right? Everyone will attack me for that, but that's just a life I've lived. My extension, if I had to drop my children off at nursery, I want to drop out of all female nursery. I'd never drop my three year old or four year old kid if I had one at an all male nursery. That'd be weird. So to me, this is how most of the world still functions. This is how the Western world function till 10 or 15 years ago. And I say these things and I'm vilified, but I truly believe I wouldn't be so popular and not so many people would resonate with me at the large swath of the population and go, well, yes, it kind of got point. I guess I don't think it's that, that, that. I think a lot of the world is still.  quite conservative, even in the West, was just a very, very vocal minority that have all the control of the narrative. They're trying to convince the world other ones. I think the majority of even a real happy relationships demands a man, a woman's woman. I think that's pretty standard. Now, my father was, I believe, the best father on the planet. I think that every son should hopefully be saying with their father. I think a father's role is to be a superhero. I think a father's role is to, I think one of the big mistakes in modern society is that people think that father should be a second mother and I disagree that the father should be a superhero. Sometimes a superhero needs to go do superhero things. My father wasn't always home. He was away. But when he came home, he came home with a story. And I think that the quality of his presence was more important than the quantity of his presence. He raised us with absolute duty to our last name. He made it very, very clear for a very long time that being a tape means something and that you have to live an honorable life and a life that's true to God because of that. And also his expectations to us were exceptionally high because we...  were takes when I did something fantastic and I became state just champion eight to five or when I did exceptionally well my SATs and moved me up to grades, et cetera. I didn't come home and say, Dad, I did this and go, wow, good job. He was like, well, you're a take. Who are you competing against? Well, the other kids are school. Who are they? No, exactly. You're a take. Of course. So we always had this huge expectation of us. I made it clear that the last name means something and we have to stay true to it. Can't fight is fine. But won't fight is won't fight is unacceptable. If I'm with my five friends and I'm going toilet in the club and I come back and I see someone punch one of my friends, I am annihilating anybody in that guy's group. We'll find out why later. My guy could have been wrong. Mike, I couldn't have been. My guy spoke. I'm just hitting him. Him, him, him. I'm snorkeling everyone. When everyone's asleep and the threat is neutralized, I'm like, bro, the fuck is that? Oh, I started. I've got to fuck in. First, people have to pay, right?  And then why is afterwards? So they have to have that loyalty and that devotion to the bravery, the ability to fight. I find it very crazy. I find it crazy and I say this often to guys. So you're all around with these men who won't even fight to protect you because they're coward. So they'll watch you get your head stopped to death and coward out and not even try and help you. And they're like, yeah, but he's funny. But he's funny. We're talking about life and death. You're talking about fucking funny. So if I can smell on someone that they wouldn't even attempt, I don't want to be anywhere in the same room. And general professionalism, I've developed a habit where I punish myself for the smallest imperfectional actions. If I misplace my keys or misplace my phone and it takes me more than 10 minutes to find it, I'll punish myself. We're both whether I don't spend money this week or I don't go here or I'm canceling that or I wanted to fur buying something I want. But I punish myself religiously so that next time I put my phone down, I know where I put my phone.  Next time I put it down, I know where I put it. All the time, when I put it down, I know where my phone is. So when I'm around people, like, hey, I lost my keys, all right, bro, I forgot. When I'm around sloppy people, I don't like it. I like people who have their lives in order. When I detect sloppiness, I don't really want them too close because gaps are where things sneak in. Other things are basic offset, really basic offset. I like that if I'm around my friends, if I'm ever seeing with my back to a room, this is an enclosed environment that a normal restaurant, I never sit in my back to the room. If I have to do it, I like that my, I never do it. If I have to do it, the people I roll with, they'll literally give me a gong. We'll sit down at dinner and I have to sit here and go, and they'll pay extra attention for me because I can't see behind. I like that level of professionalism. I like that. I like people, like I said, don't we get weak? No hangovers, no crying their eyes out, no cowardice, it's infectious. Don't like that round. No negativity, don't like that round. So there's certain things that I create a very great particular reality and it's actually interesting because,  To me these things are all normal but when you have these kind of standards you pretty hard to find friends You're like oh you're a dumbass you're a pussy You're like you don't talk to that many people But if you get it through together the act that way It's amazing how not to get all airy fairy But it's almost an intangible when you have six men in one place who are Perspicacious who are paying attention who do have their things right who don't lose things who do do The whole room concept when me and my crew walk in a room Even if it's it's almost like an energy Some guy can be eaten his dinner not even see us walk in and go six predators like the rabbit when the fox comes like you can smell When the guy like the guys turn on you know what I mean and and everyone's experienced everyone's seen So anyone I associate with I have these very very these very very stringent metrics And they're basically just to make sure that nobody gets inspired by something they can't resist to snake us And also nobody's overly sloppy and allows a weight for us to be infiltrated and destroyed And one of the easiest ways that people especially in the modern world today especially people in my position  are infiltrated and destroyed our women. So with women, I create that very habit. If you get a guy who's thirsty and he's on your crew, let's say I have problems with another crew. Let's say, and I know they have a member who's thirsty. That is the easiest job in the world. Get one hot bitch to Instagram message. You're gonna find out where they are, what they're doing, where they've been, the hotel room right now. It's fucking dumb deal. You can do whatever you want to them idiots, right? You go, I have guys who can turn that shit down. I've had a bunch of times in my life, where I've been in countries. I was in Sofia, Bulgaria. I saw this girl say, hey, that it's 10 out of 10. And I've been talking for a few weeks. She's like, hey, let's meet at this place. I'm like, ah, let's go here. No, no, this is my favorite place to go here, did it? And I was like, no. I'll turn, push you down. I could have been wrong. Could have been right. Could have been right. We're never gonna know. I'll turn it down. We view of that guy, your crew. Hey, bro, she's so hot, bro. She's so hot. That's the problem with you and him and everyone else. So you got to be very careful with the kind of life you're living, but if you live with people who are not, their lives, lives in order is important. But professionalism is also really big.  And I see people who are sloppy. It makes me very uncomfortable. Now that I've analyzed that my father sacrificed his marriage for the interest of me. Because I think that there was times of massive contention with my mother, where he was so principled, and so concerned with our upbringing as men, that he's sacrificed his marriage with my mom for us. He followed the divorce. Yeah, so I'll give you a very quick example. I'll continue a very good story. That surmised it. So they were still together when they removed to England, my father was still in America. He came over to visit. And my mom said to me a couple of days for her comes her dad's coming. We're gonna be a haircut. And I was also about 12. Went to get a haircut. Went to our normal hairdresser. Her hairdresser wasn't there. Bust some other hairdresser. Cut my hair, whatever, whatever. And we got back to the house. And mom's like, I don't like how she cut your hair. She cut your hair wrong. She cut your hair wrong. And I'm only 12, right? So I'm like, yeah, she cut my hair wrong. She cut my hair wrong. So when my dad came, my dad turns up. He's only there for a couple hours. I haven't seen him in nearly six months. I said, oh, my mom said, I hate the way they cut his hair and I'm like, yeah, I hate the way they cut his hair.  cut my hair wrong to that and my dad lost his temper said what the fuck you do you raise my son's the bitches with a flick of my haircuts I leave you here my boys you talk about to tell them to worry about the haircut the fucking men cares about the hair cut doesn't matter when they grow to men knows the care of the hair looks like. Her haircuts are stupid and I'm like well no I'm ready to just she cut it wrong did it and my dad was like listen I trust you my boys and you fucking cut her on some big garden so I don't see my dad for three hours it was a point for six months they got a big argument my mom kicked him out the house so we left the house right so you went to the hotel and then the next day he called me goes I can't come to the house your mom is won't be there come to me and I came to him and we went to the hairdresser and I was only 12 this is a traumatic experience right I cried my eyes out I don't know why I cried also said it was come with me boy white was learn when you're older you're gonna understand when you're older gonna shave your head I was like how do I want to shave my head because this 12 your kid nobody cares right here come here set me down thing had my head shake and I went home my mom went fucking crazy this is the story she recited to his dad  about how crazy my dad is. This damn he's crazy made him shape his head. He's so crazy. That is crazy. When I share my head, my dad said, listen, you're going to grow into a man and you're to learn. There's so many things that society expects with you. And there's so many things that people expect of you. And so many things people are going to care about. And the last thing on the list is going to be your haircut. We're not going to give a solitary bump. I'm not going to have you being raised in your haircut, guys. So people always say, I want my ball, right? So I had hair it's about three, four years ago. And I was remembering this story. Some after this story with my mom and father, my mom went nuts, called my dad crazy. He went back to America. So some three hours after six months because of this haircut thing. Because he was so principled, didn't give a shit. So I'll sit in a hairdresser and I was waiting the guy in front of me and he had his hair cut. And the guy in front of me and he goes, oh, finish. And he goes, oh, excuse me. Can you just a little bit here and the top, just a little bit in the top and here and here? I'm sitting there and I'm just on my phone. I'm like, give me a millimeter. You're ugly anyway. I don't know who cares. Like, and he messed around for like 10 minutes talking to his hair. So when it was my turn, I sat down. It wasn't my normal barber. He goes, hey, how do you want your haircut? And I remember the story and I just couldn't.  That's like, bro, shake off. Like, I'm a millionaire, kickboxing world champion. Who gives a fuck about my hair? I haven't had hair since. You ready? You just shave your head. I just shave off hair. I could grow full head hair. I just shave off. Yeah, I could. You just prefer to be a bald guy. No, I didn't at that day. And ever since, I've just been like, oh, it's just easy. I can go anywhere. Shake it off, shake it off, shake it off. But that's an example of my father would destroy his relationship with my mother to try and teach me interesting things. And I have so many examples of that. Their biggest arguments are almost him being too principled about me and Tristan. And my mother trying to be like, Emory, that's crazy. Or Emory, let him go to sleep. Emory, he doesn't want to play chess. Emory, sometimes my dad was like, no. But he is going to be this way. He has my name. So you can live house if you want. Eileen, he's doing this. So I think a lot of his relationship breakdown was actually because he was so principled on us. It's quite unique, perspective, I guess. It's just to think about emotionality, because you just nailed it. Even with the best possible intentions, people are excitable. They're manipulated.  and they can be used. This is why stoicism's so important. Let's imagine a hypothetical situation you guys would hand me a million dollars cash like. I would sit and think, I'd say thank you. And I'd sit and think, am I gonna go this good? I wouldn't be like, wow, a million dollars. Oh, I wouldn't get excited. I'd be like, that's unusual. Fuck. That's what I think. I'd hope you're face it. But that's what will go through my brain. Because if I was excitable, wow, a million. And you'll give me more. Wow, that boom. That's the end of the game, right? You can't be excitable. There's a time and a place when you're with very, very select people in very, very private environment, be excitable. But otherwise, yeah, you're right. People get excited and talk too much and they get happy and then it, and it's fine at a certain echelon. But once you reach the upper echelons of life, you have to really start analyzing risk award. Especially in the modern world, especially, look at me now, right? I just took a huge risk. I'm a misogynist, I'm evil. And I just want to vote for 30 girls. If one of them would turn on, imagine the bullshit. That's a risk. And I had to analyze the risk, had a conversation with all the girls in advance, made it clear.  They all had their own separate bedrooms, but it's extremely professionally, CCTV on the boat. I couldn't just be some jackass, let's all just go get drunk, and we're gonna get drunk out of the sex fence. You have to be pro, you have to be professional about things, and the sloppy guy would have done that in my position. He was like, oh, I got a boat, I got girls, I got a booze, I got money, I got a, and I'll just say to them, look, it's, if you know things, even though I don't do anything wrong, but if you know even who I associate with, you know things, then you have to lie. Why is it easier if you just don't know? Then you got lie, right? So let's just have working. What's work, works work. You're on a jet. You're on a jet, right? So I keep certain things from them because it makes it easier than them having to worry about a false narrative or a lie, in the event of whatever, or if we break up, then we'll then walk, right? So I'm very careful of that. I'm very, very careful who I talk around as well. Like if this random like all the y'all, me, Tristan and my cousin, we were just the third and go from the gulf, and we didn't talk this at all. We talked this just one night, but every couple of times, like, you go in to go, hey man, I'll message you. We'll be sitting the same room, what's up?  people loose lip synch ships. Because I might ever do nothing wrong. They'll be careful who you're talking around. They listen into shit. And in the modern world, they record shit. And you don't want them to, even if it's a 0.1% chance, but what's the upside? Like, there's no upside. So why take the 1% chance? Risk reward. I'm very, very careful. And especially with women, not because they're necessarily malicious. Because women in general don't have to worry about certain things I'm talking about with terms of professionalism. There's a whole bunch of beautiful, smart, great women out there who just go to life and they're just Instagram whenever they go and if they're other keys. And if she's too close to your circle, she's an in, it's an in to get you. And you got to be careful. It's amazing whether it's the 1977 Soviet spies or the 2022 mafia when they want to get a dude. It's a chick. You either send a new chick or you watch his old chick or you find his girlfriend, even a bounty hunter today. The sales want him by the police. And they couldn't find him. Who's his girl? But he's gone there. But he needs some sex. Go put a car there. Every time, every fucking time. You're going to keep this shit in order.  And the women I associate with have enough respect for me to go, okay, I don't know. Fine, just I love you, love you. When I arrested El Chapo's girl, didn't she say I didn't know it was a criminal? I thought it was a chef, some shit. I don't like it. He did perfect, perfect. She doesn't even know how to lie anymore. He's a chef, he told me to chef. He's a chef. He's a billionaire chef. He's a chef, dude, a chef. I don't know, we got a chef. So, and it's actually interesting because a lot of men want to brag to women because we want to show states. So you want to sit there and brag about all the good things you do, but there is a downside to that. There is a degree of downside. I was in Moldova. No, I take that back. I was in Constanto, Romania, nine years ago, before I moved there. And I was in a club, and I must have been the only foreign person in the club. And there was 11 out of 10, Moldova. Most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. And I went over and I tried to talk to her and she said, yeah, I only drink champagne. And at the time, I didn't have that much money. So I only drink champagne. Well, I'm finished drinking for the night. It's very nice to meet you. I couldn't afford to buy champagne for the styling. So it's like, I don't have an, I just finished drinking for the night. It's very nice to meet you. What's your name?  and the paint is left at the club, whatever. Next day I came, I saw all this table champagne show, champagne show, champagne show, next table champagne show. And whilst you were doing all this, we were kinda catching each other's eye looking a little bit, and a couple of times I caught her at lunch, Constance is like a beach town. I caught her lunch, I spoke for a little bit. And she kept asking me for champagne. I was like, listen, you are absolutely gorgeous. I think you and I are gonna have a long and happy future together, but I'm not gonna buy you champagne. I'll tell you why later I put mystery on it. Cause I can't tell you, right? I put mystery spades. So I'm gonna tell you why I don't buy champagne later. It's a long and interesting story. I can trust you, I want to tell you why. You can trust me now, I will tell you. I'm not yet. The style of, style of, style of. Anyway, as we go to know each other across the summer, eventually when we became friends, she came clean. She works for the club, she gives commission on champagne. Of course, of course. The girls of the club, you're buying champagne for this thing, she gets a commission per ball. What was interesting is this, she had on her phone, a system. So she'd meet you, you buy her drinks the first night. You'd go a separate date, the second night, you buy her drinks. The third day, she'd send them.  I'm afraid to side already in her notes how you live far away and you're she can't fall in love again She's a little one man in her whole life. She falls in love with you She's gonna have her heart broken and she's scared and then she'll ghost you for three days Then eventually after begging you'll get her back But she wants to come but not on her own cuz she's scared she wants to bring free friends and she'll go to this restaurant She wants to bring this shit A commission commission commission and she'll show me on her Facebook message every do playbook every fucking guy One after another every night of the week. I'll just fall into the playbook. I'll playbook She's the only guy who never bought me champagne I didn't tell her that money else is called I was like I've been around the world. I know some things So anyway, I played it off and she was sitting there telling me yeah And when she was going through it scared to me she goes yeah, this guy's but yeah He's from turkey and he does private airplanes and did it and this is how she's telling all their jobs The money they're making where they live the talent because these dudes are sitting there talking I'm so rich baby. I'm so rich. I'm so rich. You want champagne? I thought it I do this I do this I do this and I'll sit there thinking whichever mall boss picks this girl up is gonna have a  a whole bunch of targets to go robbing all night long. Cause dudes just can't shut the fuck up. And this is when I was 24, 25. Ever since then, I styled it off. What's your job? Oh, I work, it depends where I am. If I'm like in Romania, I say I make poppinache, which is a Romanian doughnut. It's a national food. I say I make poppinache, but poppinache, I'm number one. I just style up. Not even know my job. Not even know who I do. Not even know what I, because I, you don't know poppinache. You don't know they know. So I'm very, very careful when it comes to talking to women for that. She is, she is by, by Winston's, on it. She is possible. Okay. She's half-tourg, they're half-tourg, they're half-tourg, they're name it. But a lot of my women are kind of similar. They're like, oh, hi. They don't really talk too much. And that's just something I've asked them to do. At a very polite way. So look, I talked to lots of people. And you guys are fine, right? But I'll tell the truth. I say I talk to a lot of unsaved people. I have a lot of people who know me, whose hands I shake, who are bad people, bad people. They don't need to know too much about. I don't even really want them to see you. It's unfortunate and they catch me on the...  and you're with me, that's a bad time. I wish it didn't happen. Last thing you need to be doing is going to say, hello, my name is this. Don't talk to him. And by extension, it's the same thing with violence. I had a conversation with my girls, as well, my girls are completely trained. I said, listen, if I'm ever attacked or anything ever happens to me, run, scream and run. Don't be trying to get in the way or say, don't hit him or some bullshit, just fucking leave, because I know dudes don't care the shit. You're gonna get out. So I try and be as protective as possible. I'll turn to be controlling. I just try to protect them from situations. Just saying how I'd be polite, hi. Don't say your name, don't go over there. I'll know him from here. We've been together this long. I'm from this country to sleep. And some people can find it weird and rude, but I think I can, overall, the people I know and I can style it off and make them understand why it is that way. And it's just a better dynamic for me. I mean, Ali is Ali, right? But my mother's never lost. It's hard to, you've never lost anybody. And I liked him because he was so clinical and so precise. And he took his ego out of it. And said, I want to have a longer career than everyone else. So I'm gonna focus on not getting hit and hitting him. I may not get the knockout. I don't need the knockout. I've won.  Just win clinical chess, win, pay it, win, pay it. You were fighting with Bull Ring, underbuilt, whatever, 100 mil, put it for it. Cool, next, win, you was really smart. So I like maybe whether someone I've always looked up to and I really respect. It's kind of difficult now in the world because also a lot of the people who are propagated to the top and perpetuate and to absolute world to start them, I'm not sure if all of them have done it through good intentions. I don't think there's things we said from Logan earlier, etc. But I think even now I have the most respect for the common man. I think I have so much respect for the common man. I say all the time, to trust me and him will have our most in-depth conversations when we're in a S class on our way to the private jet and we see a streak sweeper at 3 a.m. in Romania knowing he's at 200 bucks a month. I mean to you, look at that. I respect that. Like just the vendor, so many people out here just live in hard lives. And I have so much respect for that. And we can talk about the ones who make it but there's so many people who...  don't and that's difficult. I have so many stories I don't want to tell any more stories that go on forever. But even little things I do like at buffets nobody ever compliments the chef at buffets so whenever I go to a buffet I try and say bro did you cook this this is this is great I did it in Cyprus some sort I swear like I gave him a million bucks smile 15 years of cooking meatballs it was the happiest man in the world because he just slags away for fucking nothing and I think a lot of people around here just given their life force up for for nothing in return he would respect he want to respect and I gave him a little bit for some meatballs I could tell he'd never been complimented he's most people say hey what's the place you know so I respect for the common man anyone who's out here doing what they have to do there's no such thing and I know I have a lot money but there's no such thing as shameful work that there's if you're a man and you're getting up and you're working doesn't matter what it is we need people who do these jobs and I absolutely expect you I want to talk about escaping the matrix I'm not saying that you know if you're working your normal job and suck I'm not saying that I'm saying if you want to live the life I live and you want to have all the things I have you have to escape of course  It's gonna be difficult, but I have absolute respect for anyone who gets up in the morning and faces their demons and gets it done. Because life as a man is fucking hard. It is really hard. I think from an ideological perspective, it's nice to have certain figures because it certainly inspires the morale of the sensible as opposed to the morale of the insane. I believe that, however, I believe that power structures are set up in such a way that the president doesn't truly matter. I don't know if you saw there's an interview with Putin when Trump first came to President and find it on YouTube, so it's something very interesting. What do you think about Trump? Trump has all these ideas about Russia and Hyrule's to change the world except Putin said, I think he's a fool. I've sat through four US presidents so far. They all come with very interesting ideas and then the men with the black suits and the briefcases come and explain to them how things have gone and then they leave and I'm still here and nothing would change. Putin understands. And I think for this reason, winning a vote is nice to say ha ha to the other side. Winning a vote is nice to say, look, there's still some common sense in the world.  the actual skin and bones, some actual blood and grit of how it would change society. I don't think it changes it. And for that reason, and because I don't want to be suicide, I am absolutely not real. Okay. Why do you want Putin is very controversial? Do I wrap this up with this? I think Putin is misunderstood. I think he's a misunderstood man. I think that he's been in power for a very long time. I think he's extremely smart. I think he genuinely cares about Russia and Russians up off other countries. We're living in a world now where it's very interesting to see European leaders self employed and self destruct their own gas prices, their own governments, their own businesses, our own populace's living standards. Because of some idealistic nation, idealistic notion that they need to help a nation that they have no direct link to. If I'm a leader of X country, I should be concerned about X country more than I'm concerned about the flight of whatever country. That's my duty and job. I think it's very interesting that most politicians in the world today don't seem to give a shit at all about the constant things.  They care about aligning themselves to higher ideologies and self-employing their own countries and the living standards for this ideology. Who doesn't do that? It's Russia first, Russia, Russians, Russia, Russians, Russia. And for that I respect you. Most other countries don't do that and won't do that. If I find that very, very interesting about him, I think the current situation is absolutely not only unfortunate, I think what happened is terrible. War on all sides is always terrible, I think it's unfair that we discuss Ukraine at length when this has been happening across the Middle East and Africa for decades, nobody ever gave a shit. But now people seem to give a shit about proxy wars and unfair conflicts and people buying. It's always been happening and nobody cared because they're brown or black. But now we care because they're white Europeans and their chicks are hot. So I think there's a degree of hypocrisy there. He's certainly not the bad guy I would say he is. He has a point and his point is logical and it makes sense and he has a point to defend. And I think that to a degree he was forced to make the news he was made.  you asked that because when they attacked me, when the matrix attacked me, they said that I purported, soldier me and I believe in show vanistic principles and all this absolute garbage. And when they, when they said that about me, I understood it's very important I create a list and explain to the world exactly why I believe. So without looking on professional, I've wrote it down. I would like to actually say the, I've written 41 tenants of thing I believe in. And if you, if you hear any that you disagree, 41 tenants. 41 tenants. If you disagree with any of them, I would love to hear a feedback on it. So the 41 things I, 41 things I believe in most. And before I read out the framework, it doesn't matter if you are a Muslim or Christian, it doesn't matter if you're black and white, black or white, weak or strong. I think if any man lives true to these tenants, they're going to have a fantastic relationship with life. And also they're going to be a good force and good influence to people around them. And I think that all in all, they're going to enjoy their experience or human experience. And the people close to them will also enjoy their presence. So that's what this is about. These 41 things. So here we go. I believe that men have to divide and imperative to become as capable, powerful and competent.  as possible in this life. I reserve my human right to hold my own beliefs and practice them as I see fit and allow other people the same right to believe and act as they wish. I prefer loving, rewarding, consensual relationships and beautiful, positive and virtuous women. I believe men and women are different and that each has their own unique and important strengths and abilities. I believe men have the sacred duty to protect and provide for the important people in their lives. I believe men have the sacred duty to protect the innocence and sanctity of their children and reserve the right and responsibility to raise their children as they see best to ensure their long-term happiness and success. I believe that men have the sacred duty to raise strong, capable and honorable sons. I believe that men have the sacred duty to raise kind, feminine and virtuous daughters. I utterly disprove a violence within romantic or familiar relationships. I support good and honest governments and will obey their laws. I prefer to only conduct business dealings with trusted and vetted brothers. I believe that a man has the sacred duty to hold true to his...  and do exactly what he says he will do. I believe that a man's life is difficult and they ask the sacred duty to become strong to handle such difficulty. I believe men are personally responsible for their actions and for the results they achieve in their lives. I believe in emotional control and the vital need to become disciplined and professional in all things. I believe that men have to sacred duty to approach everything in life from a position of strength. I believe that all men have to sacred duty to become men of upright and virtuous character and live above all possible reproach. I believe it is incumbent upon me to ruthlessly identify my own weaknesses and limitations and I eagerly work to overcome them and become more capable in all realms. I seek to improve my personal freedom to think act and live true to my masculine and bare-even all ways. I believe each man has a sacred duty to mold the physical body into the strongest, most resilient and most capable version of itself. I believe that men have the sacred duty to rigor so he train themselves both physically and mentally every day. I believe that I have the sacred duty to only eat the highest quality foods possible. I reserve the right to protect the sanctity of my bloodstream.  and make my own decisions about medical care and procedures. I affirm the importance of endlessly improving my mental faculties through diligent work, study and practice. I believe in inquiring wealth and abundance in order to improve my life and to good for those I care about. I believe in the merits of healthy competition and constantly encourage all men to seek out competitions to improve themselves. I believe that masculine brotherhood is essential to men's mental health, packing his success, and I relentlessly encourage men to meet together, train together and work together. I maintain the trust of my brothers through reverence silence regarding our most sacred and shared experiences. I believe in honoring my ancestors and living in a way that would make most of them proud of me today. I reserve the right to administer difficult rights of passage for our young men to allow them to earn the rank of manhood. I affirm the importance and need for travel and adventure as men. I seek to help men overcome poor mental health through embracing hard work, physical improvements and shared masculine brotherhood. I reserve the right to make the best choices I can at the time to protect myself and respect my mental health. I do good in the world and seek to help those less fortunate. I believe all.  People men have the responsibility to lead and guide those they care about for greater health, prosperity and happiness. I choose to only interact with those who are respectful and civil to me in return for my own respect, illness and civility. I reserve the freedom to speak and refer to others as I believe is best and most truthful. I reserve the right to choose my company and include only those whom I believe are best for my health happiness and success. I believe I have an imperative to only spend my time in a way that I determine is beneficial uplifting and empowering to myself and others. I choose to only allow myself to be influenced by those who I believe have my best interests in mind. In the final one, each day I dedicate myself a new to create the greatest possible positive impact on the world and do the work necessary to achieve a greater masculine excellence across all realms of human life. Talking is something you need to get good at. If you're good at talking, you have the gift of the gab as they say, you can sell in it. No matter what you're selling, the better you get at talking, the better you're going to sell. You want to skill you need to practice for your sales how to talk. How to talk.  convincingly how to put energy into your presentation, how to not be boring. Learn to speak, but you need to be good at speaking. Being good at speaking will make you being good at selling. They're the same thing. Get used to talking. I've seen, I've been in presentations over and over again with people who have a fantastic product, fantastic information, great price point. And the presentation is slick, they've got the power points, etc. But they're just not good at talking. There's no fucking extractored with their talk. There's no papau. You need to have that papau. You need to get good at talking, practice it. Practice getting good at talking. That's one of the most important skills you can learn for life. From getting women to selling products, exactly the same thing. You need to get good at talking. It's important. So, there's lots of different ways you need good at talking. My way, the way I talk, suits my personality to develop your own type. But I make sure I try my best to make sure I put loans and energy. Most people speak and they don't realize super low-interp and we will. And when you have the e-book, you don't.  You sell the e-book, you sell the result of the e-book. Because if you sell the e-book, you're bored already. I'm bored. So I scream and I move my arms around and shit. I'm a centric. I'm over the top. You don't have to be that way. There's other ways you can also be engaging without being the same. I know lots of other guys are engaging other ways. But you have to develop an angle to be engaging. So next time you talk to someone who's an engaging speaker, find out why they're engaging. Even some people are engaging because they laugh all the time. People like positivity. So if you're been around someone who's like constantly laughing when they talk, but then you're like, well, you listen, what's fuck, what the fuck's so funny? His life's in. Find a way to differentiate yourself and learn another. There's loads of different tips and tricks. I can't tell you to be like me because I'm me and you're new. But you need to find a way to be engaging. And the way you do that is next time you've listened to someone and you're particularly engaged to work out what about them is engaging. So I like to be high energy. But high energy always helps. Being low energy never helps them. Even if you're shit in bed, at least if you're high energy, it'll be better to do something. One thing you do need to avoid is, everyone does it. But if you'll notice you're watching this university, I'm not reading off a teleprompter.  I'm doing everything off the top of my head and I very very rarely start starting or you're saying uh um uh I've trained it out of my brain but you start slowly you talk slowly you breathe you make sure you don't make any uh um and then you get better at and you can use quickest me now I talk very very fast without the stage without gaps uh and um we'll lose you a deal oh so explain to me how the flux capacitor worked uh um okay so uh you just lost it you just lost a deal right there and 99% of people will do exactly that even people who are good even experienced people uh okay so um uh why how does the flux capacitor work I'm gonna tell you exactly how the flux capacitor work here's how it works look at this I just I just got the deal you didn't all I did was repeat this question you're saying oh so you have time to think I'm repeating the question so I have time to think tell me how the flux capacitor works uh okay uh uh or tell me how the flux capacitor works I tell you what I'm gonna do I'm gonna tell you exactly how the flux capacitor work all there was repeat this question is not complicated there's tips and tricks so you learn how to  without sounding like a moron. Boom. If someone else and a person has a presentation with me, I won't buy for them, because I don't like that shit. I don't speak that way. Learn how to not speak that way. As a man, you should always live for something bigger than yourself. I feel like the true masculine imperative is to find a battle worth fighting for. That's why men have always gone to war. And some men died. That's how it's always been for men. As a man, your life shouldn't be about quantity. It should be about quality. And trying to live as long as possible, but being that porridge goo in the middle is not as important as living a short or amount of time and getting to be the T-bone state. So I want people to understand that I believe I was doing the right thing, and I'm not a perfect person. Perhaps I made some mistakes, but I believe I was doing the right thing at the time. And I don't have any regrets about it. And that I would like people to learn from my example and live truths in themselves. And I think that the world can be a beautiful place when you're true to yourself. I really think that a lot of depression and a lot of sadness and a lot of discontentment with...  Consciousness comes from the very simple fact that most men are not true to themselves and when I say that I mean I can I can answer I can say this in a funny way or I can say this as serious man I'm gonna choose give us both. Let me choose funny. You want to fuck a bitch fuck a bitch Oh, you I love her. I love I love my girlfriend with all my heart. Yeah, I want to fuck her today And I fuck their boom. I don't love her. I love you. I fuck for sorry. Sorry Now I can pretend I'm not supposed to want to do that. I can pretend I don't want to do I can listen to my woman tell me that's wrong and then be told I'm immature and all the girls are I want to do what I want to do if I want to tell a man to get to to go away in a less polite way I'll do it if I want to fire a member of staff. I'll fire them on the spot. I don't care I don't care because I know if I don't do what I want the resentment inside of me eats away at me and most men Are living lives not doing what they want. Please understand they don't get to talk to the girls They want to talk to because they're not important enough. They don't get to hang around with the guys as often as they want because they  have to work a job they don't like to. They don't get to tell their woman to be quiet because she'll leave them. You know, she'll get to tell his boss to go away because they'll get fired. He just sits at his car, quiet and meek, filled with rage. And the best thing about being rich and important and I guess the truest way to be happy as a man is to be true to yourself, which is good and bad. I get to give to charity. I have a charity tape pledge.com and I donate millions of dollars a year to charity and feed children. I love my kids. I love my friends. I love the people around me. And if I don't like someone, I tell them to get fucked. And I say it right to their face in their eye. And if they want to do something about it, it's up to them. And I'm prepared for that too. And I get to live true to my masculine imperatives in all ways. I don't have to sit and be fake, lie, or get along with someone. You keep it real. I keep it real. And that is why so many men are unhappy today. They don't get to keep it real. Bro, you know, I find truly amazing. There are men out there who are afraid to tell their own woman leave me alone, I'm busy. Because she'll give them headache. It does cost me that way. Buh-buh-buh-buh.  No. Babe, please let me just work now. No, I'm working. Leave me alone. I love you very much, but I'm working. Leave me alone. There are men who don't even get to be a man in their own house. They don't even get to be a man in their own house. No wonder you're depressed. No wonder you're miserable. I'm talking about being the king of earth. You don't not be the king of earth. At least be the king of your house. If someone breaks into that house, you have to die to protect that woman. You're paying the bills. And you said leave me alone for five minutes. Did she give you attitude? Bro, you said don't post our location on Instagram. They want to kill me. And she's worried about her likes. Most people's lives, most dudes relationships, their lives are so fucked up. They don't even realize. No wonder you're sad. Look in the mirror. Look in your own eyes. I'd be miserable if I was these people. If I have a girlfriend, that's, I guess, it's one of the best things about status. I know this is a bit off topic because you asked me how I want to be remembered, but the answer is I want to live true to my masculine imparance. But if I have a girlfriend, and I get a girlfriend,  I like her very much and we're together and I say we're together now you don't need Instagram You know what she says cool and delete it. I don't have to force her. I don't have to tell her I just say it and she's like yeah, cuz she respects me and she knows I'm worth more than any Instagram pain If you say to your chick delete insta she like why am I in sex you man? Carey to vote right well. I mean she she needs it for some I don't know But I'm saying if you if you're not even in most men I think most men desire respect. I think we all desire respect and hate But if you're not in charge of your house and you're not in charge of your own relationship and you're working for someone else You're not in charge of your business and obviously you're not in charge of the government cuz they're out to record you like what? What are you doing? Of course you're sad. I'd rather be me and get punched in the face by the matrix and get back up or get punched into face and keep smiling At least I have some semblance of control of my empire at least Most these men haven't got anything and that's why they're so sad and I would hate to be remembered as one of  them, but they won't be remembered at all. And that's why when they die, there'll be a number. And there's always going to be numbers and names on this planet. And the names of always had difficult lives. If you look back at any battle in history, they will say 13,000 people die. And X person. And one of them was him. Yeah. I'm going to be that guy. And avoiding all of the hardship it takes to become that guy is truly insane. Because you'll just be one of the 13,000. You'll still die. Like I said earlier about the man who doesn't want to fight things to wars go away. No, that's the reason I'm fighting this organist of matrix because they're coming for all of us. If any man is watching this, I may be charging at the gunfire first. I may be leading the charge and I may be getting hurt. You're somewhere at the back and you feel safe. They're coming for all of us. So at least I get to go down as a name as opposed to dying as a number. So don't worry about me dying a little bit early. worry about yourself dying and not being remembered.  at all. Have a strong mind as a man. There's no way to escape it. And that's one of the reasons why I preach so much about training, learning to fight, getting the gym, get bigger, get stronger. You will fix your mind if you fix your body. You should be as strong as you possibly can. We're now teaching the new generation of men that they don't have duty and they can just act on their feelings and act how they feel and they don't have to act as a man should. Do you know what happens when you get men who just act how they feel? You get school shooters, you get violence, you get rapists. Men who do not control their emotions are dangerous. If you find a man who is stoic, he's not going to hurt people. He's going to sit and think about his actions very carefully and he's going to be a good man who pretends to and provides for his family. You find a man who just acts out on impulse and does whatever he feels like. You're going to find a dangerous man. Sit here telling men to cry more and act with their feelings and it's okay to feel this way that way, et cetera, and have no self control. That is why we have the problems we have in the world. Hey Andrew, um, so how do I get like a six pack quick? What's the best, best way to get a six pack? Why does it have to be quick? Why does it have to be easy? Why do you think life is awkward and easy? Like...  can't be hard and difficult. Why can't you suffer? Because suffering is what gives it value. If everyone had a six pack and it was quick and easy, then it wouldn't be valuable, would it? If everyone walked around with a quick, the six pack and they got it easily, then no one would give a shit. The whole point is that it's difficult. Value is linked to difficulty. If you want something that is valuable, you need something which is difficult to obtain. The fact that you just said you wanted it quick and easily shows that your whole mental model is fucked. You shouldn't be thinking about quick and easy. You shouldn't be thinking about hard, suffering, pain. Going through it. That's what you should be thinking about. This is going to be hard, but I'm going to do it anyway. Because when it is done, then everyone's going to know that I went through something difficult. The bad things that are happening to you are what you need to become the man that you want to be. So many emails, he says, this has happened to me. I'm like, good. No, what do you mean good? It's terrible. How else are you going to become important? How else are you going to find endless fire to get up and struggle in the face of the competition that's out here? How else are you ever going to do all that with a nice, Christy life? If any man's a-  to do it on a suit themselves. Think about the biggest transformative stages in your life. Think about the times you've got the most work done. It was a bad part of your life. Your heart broke in, or you lost a house, or broke, or whatever. That's when you did shit. When everything was fine, when the woman's still sucking dick, the mortgage is paid, dinner's on time. It's kinda duke, duke, duke, duke, duke, little by little, doing a little bit of work, doing a little bit of relax. But the big events come from trauma. This is it. So, it's a cheat code. It's a cheat code to climb the mountain. So when I get a message from whoever, and he goes, a wife left me, I'm devastated, I say I understand. I completely understand how hard it can be to lose a woman that you've given your entire life to. And you've been done so many nice things. And then because of one thing you did, her innate and absolutely insane level of ungratefulness has turned her bitter, and she now talks to you like she hates you over one thing you've done. After thousands of efforts.  showing how dedicated you are to her. And even now that you're prepared to die for her, she doesn't give a shit about you. I understand that pain. But my answer is good. It's still good. Now take all of that pain. Instead of emailing me, do this. We live in a comfortable world now, where people think, ah, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. But you know what? To some degree, it does matter. It does matter. And I'm to tell you who it matters to. It matters to your soul. It matters to God. I stand in the mirror with a pure heart. I know I am the best version of me that could possibly ever exist. I know that God is proud of me. There's nothing that God hates more than sloth and laziness. If God were to create a man, and that man were to sit around and do fuck all, God will frown upon you. It's why you're never lucky. If you're listening to this, you think I'm never lucky. I'll tell you why. Because God dislikes you, because you're fucking lazy. Start to work. Start to show God the beauty of his own creations. You'd be amazed how lucky you'll become. God is unhappy with these people. And inside their hearts, they're unhappy. We talk about...  depression anxiety, all those things you mentioned earlier on this podcast. That comes from self-loathing. You load your own weakness, you load your own laziness. This is what all of these things are. I don't feel depression. How can I feel depression when I'm the most powerful version of me that I could ever fucking be? How can I feel depression when I could squeeze my own hand hard enough to break my own bones? How can I feel depression when I've smashed and destroyed 68 people's faces in front of me, men who thought they could test me in fair combat? How can I feel depressed? It's impossible. Do you understand? Every fucking day, I don't feel like doing things that I still do. It's called discipline. It's called being a man. It's about feeling like doing it. If you only do things you feel like doing, you know what you end up doing? You end up sitting around with a belly, drinking soy, a fucking latte bullshit. That's what you end up doing if you only do what you feel like doing. You have to wake up and say, I don't feel like training but I must train. I will stop being a loser. I will follow the word of take. You need to do what you're supposed to do. No, what you feel like fucking doing.  That's the difference between a man and a fucking child. You do not become a man doing what you feel like doing. You become a man doing what you're supposed to fucking do. The men of the Titanic didn't feel like dying that day. It's your duty. It is your duty to not be a fat piece of shit. But you fucking it up. Because of the lack of moralization. The world is hyper competitive. If you're gonna be a man who's gonna sit and say, I'm just sad, you are always gonna lose in competition to men like me. And there's has to be losers for there to be winners. I am tired of sympathy. Sympathy doesn't work for anybody. I'm not gonna sit here be sympathetic for people who say they're too sad to try hard at either best. Guess what? Perhaps I was sad every time I did exactly what I was supposed to do and trained anyway. Perhaps I was afraid when I fought anyway. Perhaps I was tired when I worked anyway. This is how you get ahead in life. I don't have a fucking ounce of sympathy for these people who sit here and say, well, I feel this way so I can't then don't do it. Stay down there. The winners are at the top. And the winners at the top don't give a shit about how they feel. We wait.  make up when we perform regardless of how we feel day after day. So if I'm going to ignore my own feelings, I'm certainly not going to take into consideration to anybody else's. Why am I going to ignore how I feel and make sure I'm constantly performing regardless flawlessly and then sit and go, Oh, but he doesn't feel good. So he's allowed to fuck up. No, you are not. You're not allowed to fuck up to your ancestors or to guard or to yourself. You have to perform. Make a line of masculinity as a whole is the thing that makes a good man a man is that he does what he doesn't want to do. He doesn't want to work and he works anyway. He doesn't want to go to war and he fights anyway. He doesn't want to get up. He gets up anyway. That's the whole point of it. We didn't want to die in the Titanic. Guess what happened? We died the Titanic. You can't sit there as a man and say, you don't feel like it. You're not allowed to not feel like it. You're supposed to do it anyway regardless. So when a man sits there and says, Oh, but you don't understand. I'm struggling with motivation. If you are struggling with the motivation to be a winner, then stay a loser. No problem. Stay a loser. Don't care. Because in my circle, there's no losers around me. Your energy is disgusting. I find it revolting. I don't like weakness around me even near.  me. Even people coming up saying hello to me, if you're depressed, don't even shake my hand. I do not have time for losers on any regard. Winners only. I find it amazing. There are people out here today who are going to sit and say, oh, I'm sad. I'm too depressed. I don't want to work hard. There, do you understand that only 200 years ago, there were peasants out working a field starving, surviving the black death, surviving the plague struggling to exist just to reproduce. So that 200 years later, you can be the end of their bloodline to sit on your ass and do fucking nothing. You're like, you're a fuck up. You're fucking up your entire bloodline of your entire ancestry. You owe these people things. You must, they went through hell for you to exist. You have a debt. You have a duty to pay. You have to be the best possible version of yourself. And the same to God. God loves people who try. God loves people who work hard. It's amazing. If you try your very best all the time, what God will give you. He will give it to you and to think you want. If you actually try not, not convincing yourself, you try actually try their different things. I do not feel like train.  But I still train because I'm a disciplined individual. You don't get to go through life only doing the things you feel like doing Do you know who gets to do that women beautiful women? You for women gets to do what they feel like doing as a man you have to do the things you're supposed to do Because what we said earlier is absolutely true. It's player versus player But now if I wake up I've already got this massive head start over you in life And you'll be every genetic gift plus all my finances plus my network and I wake up and I decide even though I don't feel like working. I'm gonna work my ass off and you wake up way down there appeal and you can't be bothered to work what chance do you have against many like us? You don't stand a chance you can't get the girl. We'll take the girl off you We'll bankrupt your ass. We'll kick you out your house. You name it. You don't stand a chance Now if you're gonna wake up and look in the mirror and understand that you're absolutely crushable But you're a rabbit and that lines exist and that's not gonna motivate you to do something about it Then your lost cause and there's just no point asking us a question  You know exactly what you need to do. If you want to stay killable, but I can't live that way I would refuse to live that way as a disgrace to my bloodline. Is it disgrace? To my parents who struggled to raise me for me to be anything other than the best version of myself That's all I've honored to my last name and to my and to my ancestor Hmm, it would be disgusting for them all to fault savor tooth fibers So I can wait my lazy ass up jerk off all day and ask on YouTube how I can stop being a buck and lose You understand where I'm coming from. No, 100%. So this is this is down to you my friend and listen You may be filled fired up for 10 minutes after this little talk You're not gonna feel fired up forever You need to put systems in place you to get disciplined and like Justin says you need to get a atmosphere of people around you who are gonna keep you accountable and not make it easy for you to continue to be a fucking nobody And then you're gonna fix your life. Otherwise you're gonna stay nobody. I am absolutely and hardly a believer in hard work I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work my time  Life is work this podcast is work. I'm getting the car much another meeting work. I'm gonna fuck a bitch That's work. I'm gonna go to the gym. So I mean good shape work It's all work my entire life is work and people don't want to look at life that way They want to talk about work life balance and being lazy and all this crap I don't believe in me that I believe in if you want to win you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing But work this player versus player if you're gonna sit there and go I don't want to work more than hour a day Well the guy who does want to work more than hour a day is gonna beat you and no matter how smart you are There's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it That's just the nature of the game. I believe there's only three reasons people are not rich one of three reasons They're either stupid arrogant or lazy Stupid is actually the smallest category People think oh, you know, they'll all stupid people there are but I know a lot of stupid people a lot money, right? There's so much money to be too stupid to generate money I think is less than 5% of the money genuinely too dumb to ever make a good wage Then you have arrogant and lazy and these are the two most common lazy  because people just, oh, you know, but I need time to myself. Oh, you know, but it's the evening or, you know, it's hyper competitive. There are people who do not need time to themselves. There are people. There's an Indian in Islam, there's a guy in Islamabad who'll do your job online for $3 an hour. He doesn't sleep. You're going to lose, right? So if you're going to be lazy in any regard, you have to understand, or people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day. When I finish this, I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work on my way to my next appointment. And then I'm going to work all night till the day I go. When I go to sleep, I close my laptop and I'm a sick of a minute late. I work. That's all I do. So lazy is a big problem because people go, oh, but I just want to relax. If you just want to relax, that's fine. But you're competing against people who just don't want to relax and you're going to lose. And the last, and I'd say that's around a lot of people have that element to them. A lot of people are lazy. That's about 50% of people. But the main reason people are not rich is because they are airy. 50% of people are brutally airy. And I'll give you an example. I have a school where I teach people like my own. It's called the real world. What's called Hustles University? It's now called the real world. The real world, the AI.  see it at Covertica. I sit here as a billionaire and I sit and say, I will teach you how to make money online, anybody, 18 modern wealth creation methods, it's 49 dollars a month out. And people will sit there in their brutal arrogance and as a brokeie with no money and go, yeah, but can he really teach me? I have everything you've ever fucking dreamed of. I have all the money. You have nothing and you're so arrogant that you believe you know more than me or that you can do it without me or that I don't know how to teach you. The arrogance of people is truly mind bending. If you know so much, why you broke? You obviously don't know. If I want to learn how to box, I wouldn't walk into a boxing gym, find a guy who can box and go, yeah, you know, not bad, but can he really punch? Like this is how people think when it comes to money. You guys are all successful enough. You can sit there and say, look, I do XYZ. I have XYZ. You don't have it. So do you want to learn how to play piano from the piano, Jeetcher? Or do you want to sit there as an arrogant brokeie? Most people are brutally arrogant and you can sit there and you can try and help them. They're just so arrogant. They think, oh, I can do it myself.  I'll work it out myself. I don't need help and it's arrogance. And they keep some at the bottom. Everything great that's happened to me in my life. Someone taught me. I had a kickboxing coach. My dad was my chess coach. You'd get taught things. To sit there, I think you're too arrogant, you're too good to learn. Well, this is the problem most people are broke. Most of them are broke because they're arrogant. Oh, it's the truth. There's nothing to do with how stupid they are. They're just arrogant people. When I was broke, I couldn't sleep. I don't know how those broke people out here sleeping just fine at night. Going, oh, you know, inflation's 20%, gas prices are six times. Everything on the news is a lie. I never stand a chance of ever getting rich. Where's my pillow? What the fuck is wrong with you people? But I'd go to bed at night as a teenager and think, I looked it up on the internet. It was a Honda Civic Type R. I wanted one. It's $38,000. I had no money. Less than 50 pounds of my bank. I couldn't afford it. That looked up on which a Ferrari cost, 210,000 pounds. And I said to Tristan, my cup brother, I was like, there are people with 200.  110,000 pounds for a car. He's like, yes, so. I'm like, no, no, no, so. How? If I worked my job for six years and saved every penny, if I worked to work and didn't eat, I couldn't buy this car. How are people doing this? I couldn't sleep at night when I was broke. I knew that everything was a lie. I knew the matrix was lying to me. I knew I had to find a way out. I was sitting there going, I refused to live my human years and be some second-class citizen peasant when there's people out here and get to do whatever the fuck they want. I couldn't tolerate it. And it was so uncomfortable that it gave me the motivation I needed to escape. But the people who go, oh yeah, nice throw, yeah. Back to the TV. Dummies, losers. And the thing about the world is, we need losers. I'm not mad at losers. If that's the reality, you've chosen the lab. You get one spin in this version of life. And you decide you want to be a loser. That's fantastic because I like, my car is made clean and...  You know, a hotel room needs cleaning. I have a party with all these beautiful women that's venomous. Please, go pick it up. Somebody needs to do that shit. I ain't gonna fucking do it. If I had to walk into a hotel room and clean them up for some other man's party, I'd guarantee you I'd do whatever a fucking took to become rich so I didn't have to do that shit. You wanna do that for 20 years? Thanks, friend. Someone's gonna flip the fucking borders. Someone else to make the fries. Oh, I'm happy me all now and again. But I don't feel sorry for you, people. Could you fucking deliver it? Is this decision you made? You made that decision. If you're seeing a home and you say, I don't wanna be a loser, you know what to do. I told you I'd escape the matrix. I'll go, we could tape that con. You can join, I'll teach you. But if you're just sitting there and going, nah, maybe this guy with hundreds of millions of dollars is trying to scam me out of 25 pounds. All right, smart ass. Have fun, I'm McDonald's. Get fucked. I have no sympathy for these people, zero. My basic premise is that I refuse to believe in things that take power away from me. If you are in a haunted house and you believe in ghosts, you're scared.  of the haunted house. If you're in a haunted house, you don't believe it goes, you're just in a house and you don't care. So I don't like the idea. When someone explains to me the idea of one day waking up and being miserable and not wanting to live anymore, and it's nothing to do with my circumstances and I have no power over it and no matter how good my life is, I'm still gonna feel terrible and I'm gonna wanna die. That's not an idea I subscribe to. Feeling depressed is real. Yeah. Depression as a disease, I do not subscribe to. The idea, I believe that if you feel depressed, something is depressing you and you should try your best to fix it, you should take control of your life and you're best to fix it. The idea, but they don't say that. If they don't talk that, they say depression, like it's this magic thing that comes out the sky and it gets in your brain, you're sad no matter what. There's nothing you can do about it and you need to only take pills and I think that's a very bad way to look at the world and that's a bad idea to subscribe to. And if you start to feel depressed, let's say your girl leaves you and you start to feel depressed. But you believe in the idea of depression. You're now gonna start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed. Self hip nocing yourself and hypnotizing yourself.  to be clinically depressed. And it's amazing how you can speak things into existence. I cannot become depressed because I don't believe in it. That's just who I am as a person. I don't believe in it. I do not believe in things that take power away from me. So I'm and people sit there and they try very hard to convince me it's real, which is actually quite interesting because it's always usually depressed people who sit there and try very hard to defend this idea. If you're so scared, if depression is so terrible, why are you sticking up for it? Why are you fighting so hard to convince me it's such it's such a powerful force? Why shouldn't you be doing the opposite? Shouldn't you be listening to who's team or you want? Like do you want to be depressed? Like it's insanity these people are so desperate to push this idea. I think that you feel depressed sometimes because you're human. And also let's look at it. Let's let's pretend I'm completely wrong, right? We can look at situational depression like you just described. We can talk about brain imbalance and chemical imbalance. We can talk about clinical depression that you get and it's chronic and it's not to be about it. Whatever. Let's pretend all these things are completely true. The best option, the best thing to do is still to get up. Be an adult, control your emotions, be stowa-  and do the things you're supposed to do day after day. Laying in bed and doing nothing is never going to be the best option. Best option is still to go to the gym, to work hard, to run your business, to be successful. So it doesn't matter, we're talking about the different positions on the chess board. But if the rules of the game remain the same, regardless of the position you're still trying to win, you still have to do the same things. So, does it even matter? At this point, if you come along and say he's depressed because of X, and he's depressed because of Y, he's depressed because of Z, and the answer to all of them is still the same thing, that I don't give a fuck why you're depressed. All I know, what I will stay as a matter of fact is this world is hyper competitive, especially as a man. Most men are walking through life and they don't realize that it's constant competition. I was driving here, even as I was driving here, I saw another window, I saw all these people just walking around, one of them had a fucking croissant, one of them was dressed like a dick egg, and it's London, things he's fucking looks cool, it's fucking moron. We've all seen them, moron. Some of the dudes just talking shit on the phone, some of the guy with headphones in waiting to be fucking murdered, wouldn't even hear it coming. And all these NPCs, I'm just looking at them going, do they realize they're an endless constant competition? Every single pound they...  want someone else wants. Every single girl they want someone else wants. There are people like me out here. I will destroy you could get all 30 of them in a room and I will sit by myself and absolutely annihilate them in any single metric and they're just sitting or just fucking floundering and wandering through life unaware of how competitive the world is. Well I'm winging how I'm fan-wrecker. And winging how unfair it is and this is my point if the world is truly that competitive you do not have time to be depressed because it's a non-competitive mind state. You could be depressed for X, Y, Z, whatever. I'm not depressed and I want the money you want and I want the girl you want and I want the status you want and the car you want and the house you want. And I'm going to get it and you're fucking not and that's the bottom line of life. What I'm saying is you're playing a game and it's a competitive game and you need to build a mindset that allows you to be ultra competitive. If you want to sit there and say no I want a non-competitive mindset then fine you know what you call people who do not win competitions. It's just the bottom line of life and it's kind of interesting because everyone pretends they give a fuck but nobody does. Especially women. I know I get attacked for women but women truly don't give a fuck.  If you ask a woman, the kind of man she wants, she will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent. I literally had women say to me, you know what I love being around you? Well, I don't have to think. I'm like, what do you mean? Because I just turn up and like, we're just walking the hotel and everyone's staff to do anything we want and the jets just on the runway and we just land and I'm in this beautiful place and I don't even know where I am and I get to just turn my brain off and it's great. Like, they want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and successful. They don't have time for sad dudes. They don't care. So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're gonna sit there and self-diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're gonna have a shit life and nobody's ever gonna give a fuck and you're gonna perpetually use forever. And that is your decision. I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even wanna accept that as a reality that can possibly exist. I don't give a shit. What happens to me in my life? I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, most heinous things I can post.  I know that my sadness, my depression, will be temporary, because I will never stay a loser. It is against my creed, it's not my DNA. I've always been rich, but I'm not just rich because of money. You have to understand, I'm rich because of a bunch of things that money cannot buy. Like, I know there's people with lots of money, but they don't have the network I have. They don't have the brotherhood I have. Just sitting with my boys knowing that if it comes to, if it's, if the bullets start flying, me and my 10 friends, we all die, or no one dies. Having that brotherhood, having women who would literally, you could go to jail for 10 years and they would wait for you. They exist for you and only you, completely and utterly. You are their entire universe. Like having physicality, walking through the world, bigger and stronger than everyone else, having all those professional fights, having, and all the bad things, having the trauma, all the pain, all the bullshit I've been through, you ain't a good man if you haven't had trauma. A man without trauma is a weakling. Andrew, I've been stabbed with a knife before. Congratulations. Good. Finally, something admirable.  Show me I got eight stitches. It was in my sleep. Good. Good. See now now. That's what I like to hear So that's what I love to hear because as a man you need things that almost kill you and don't kill you But I'm rich not because of money. I'm rich because I've been through a whole bunch of shit Like I don't see anyone else in the planet richer than me because They're either too old or their life's been too easy Like I have a I've had a very very unique life very very eclectic life I was born with the best possible start a man can have which is good parents and no money I've made all of my money completely myself the hard way None of this fucking internet twitch easy shit. I've done it hard Well, what would you say and would you say like so like you don't think any like Social media like Logan Paul Casay like Like you don't like like any like the top dogs like they they work hard to be with her at They've worked hard, but it's not coal mine is it fucking YouTube videos But when I actually have her I have respect for the for the Paul brothers because they fight now. They don't have to fight Right, they're gonna have to yeah exactly  Anyway, they're making life hard for themselves. I have to respect men who decide to do that Because they could just take their money and just be fucking jackasses and instead they're fighting so I respect them for that I'm not saying that everyone can do it. I know that's competitive etc But it's not it's not a fucking it's not a coal mine. Do you see me? I make a month do you see me ever boxing? I mean you can you can get in the ring anytime you decide whether you win or not is a different story right? Gotcha. Yeah, yeah for sure But it takes dedication. It doesn't take motivation. It takes dedication You can't be motivated to put yourself too hell all the time you have to be dead disciplined 100% dedicated 100% different But um, yeah, I'm one of the richest men in the planet because of all the things I have that money cannot buy my money's nothing right money's easy Like once you're past 10 10 mil let's say there ain't nothing to buy It's like what you're really gonna buy it's like in GTA when you like do like like you have like the money and you do all missions Like you're done. You know what I mean? Yeah, like once you have okay 10 mils to low because I have I have 10 mil of cars But let's say and then an ice house bubble. Let's say 2030 mill whatever they're ain't nothing to buy I mean how many diamond watches do you need for exactly? Yeah, yeah, get to piss  You know, so there ain't nothing to buy so at that point it's just collect the money Is your is your most is your most expensive? Is your most expensive asset your Jack your private jet? No I have some land and some houses that cost more okay, okay, but but the point is is that once you get money That's fine, but then you're gonna I believe money is an amplifier. I don't believe money changes I think it amplifies so if you're a dork and you get incredibly wealthy you become a mega dork Whereas if you're a G and you get incredibly wealthy you become a mega G So I'll give an example. It's your status You're not gonna change who you are amplifies who you are if you see a Lamborghini pull up and a little nerd gets out You think oh fucking super tech nerd probably invented Striper something. He's a nerd Whereas if you see a Lambo pull up and a big fucking strong bald whatever crazy do get out You think okay, and he's a drug dealer. He's a mafia boss The Lambo doesn't change what you think it amplifies to the person is money as an amplifier doesn't change So I'm very I'm very fortunate  I'm very happy that I was poor for a long time because I never would have been able to learn the lessons I've learned if I was rich. I wouldn't have been able to take those risks. I would have never been able to be in those situations. I've been stabbed just like you. I'll show you my scar. So I would have never been able to put, put, put through hell if I had money. So I'm very glad I was poor for a very long time. And the reason I'm the richest person on the planet is not because of the amount of money I have, is because of all the shit that happened to me when I was poor. That's when I became top G. It's only when I became rich that people start to pay attention. So you are more wealthy than Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos. I wouldn't swap lives with them fucking fuck them. Like I respect Elon. I want him to buy Twitter, don't know why it stopped. Should have carried on. Anyway, I love their great guys, whatever. I don't know them, who cares? Point is, I wouldn't want to be that. Like everyone wants to be me. I'm top G for a reason. I've got it all. I've got every single gift that God can give. Plus all the gifts you can make yourself. And I state that without arrogance. I don't mean to be arrogant, but I am a realist. And as a realist, it would be absolutely unprofessional for me to sit here and pretend I'm not.  that I'm not a professional human being. Because I am. And a lot of those things I did myself. And some of them were God-given. But the ones that weren't God-given was because I put myself through hell. I put myself through hell because I decided to throw comfort away. For 10 years of my life, I was never comfortable. Never for a second. Isn't that, they say like the best, like when you're uncomfortable, it's like the best shit because you like, I don't know how to put it words, but you're gonna be comfortable, my friend. Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say out. You're sitting here on Twitch. I'm comfortable, I'm not comfortable. Fuck. I'm not comfortable. If you were born 100 years ago, it was the 1920s, you'd be in some ditch in northern France, living in the fucking mud, hoping not to get killed by a random sniper, and some bullshit war you barely understand for four years. Then you'd come home and hope your wife hasn't been bombed. Yo. You understand? But that's the world. That's the world. The world has become exceptionally easy for a lot of men. They used to be a different place. Most men were caught on fire. Most of us would have ended up in wars dying for fucking no reason. Now we don't have to do that. So, because...  We don't have to do that. Men think it's okay to just become comfortable now. You don't not supposed to be comfortable You're never evolved to be comfortable. You're supposed to be uncomfortable Right, and if you find make yourself uncomfortable constructively It's very easy to be anything you want you talk about GTA Grand Theft Auto I know the game. I used to play the old one on the PlayStation one when I was a child What's what I'm planning what's what you talk about? Very very first one on the PlayStation. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh the very very very very first one like 1994 Okay, okay But I don't I've never played any of those games, but I find it amazing that people will sit there and spend all their time upgrading that character Making as much money as they can get into best guns getting strong getting some hose meet an important people Get in the best car. They'll do all that in a game, but they won't do it in real life I find that incredible like I my life is GTA. I don't need to play a game for GTA They'll want a gun. I'll fucking buy it. I want a car. I'll fucking buy a want bitch. Oh, geters me. I am GTA I don't see why people play the games they play the games because they're scared of loss because if you die in the  game you get another chance. If you're losing the game, you get another chance. And life to get one shot. Damn, that's... But if you get some balls, if you get some balls, that's what life is. Is a game. That's what life is. Is a man. This is one big video game. You get to upgrade your character. You're not born with any value. All these women that you just put me on with are born with value. They're pretty already. They're gorgeous already. They're good looking enough. Even if there are five, someone's gonna give a shit they exist because someone wants to fuck them. As a man, if you don't make yourself valuable, you have no value. You have to get up and do it. Just like a video game, you start with fucking zero. You have to decide if you want to complete it. You have to upgrade your character. So I find it amazing that men are going to play video games and fuck about and waste the time. Instead of upgrading their character, everyone knows what to do. You know what you have to do. If you had the most dangerous, intelligent, respectable man on the planet, you know you're supposed to go to the gym. You know you're supposed to train, learn how to fight. You know all these things. You don't do them. That's your decision. You're prerogative. I didn't make that choice. I made the choice to do it all. I decided on it. And every single man watching this can do the exact...  thing, which is why I have very little pain. When I do these streams and people think I'm arrogant or I'm rude to people, or even to you earlier, when I was making jokes and I've been joking with the girls saying, you're good. Of course, and I know we're only joking, right? But the point is that's a conscious decision you made. I would never make fun of someone who hasn't got a choice. I wouldn't make fun of someone born with one. I have a choice though. But if you've made a fucking virgin to be less than you should be, then I believe you should be mocked for that. I agree. I'd be like, yeah, because like you're not living up to your full potential. It's your choice to basically not live up to your full potential. Completely. And me as a man, when I put myself through hell, when I have had such exacting, such stringent standards for myself, why would I then have less exacting stringent standards on the people I meet? Why would I put myself through hell, be me, and then meet someone who didn't put themselves through hell and then treat them like my equal? No, fuck you. I suffered when you didn't. So you're not my equal because you decided not to suffer. You have enjoyed comfort when I haven't and that's fine, but don't-  expect me to look at you as my equal because you're not. I'll snap your fucking neck. And just the world. And I have like a lot of friends around me. They're like good friends. I don't know. They're real friends, but like they're they're incredibly like like lazy and they're and they have so much potential like they can be big. They can be getting rich. All this shit, bro. But like they choose not to. So but it's really hard because I love them. They're my friends. And I came up with these guys and they're so entertaining. I love them. They're my brothers, but like I understand, but you have to but there's something that's very always kind of confused me. When I tell people that you are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with, everyone agrees. They go, yeah, that's probably true. The people the five people you spend the most time with, that's what you're gonna end up like. They say, yeah, that's true. And then they continue to hang around with people who they don't want to be. Why? You have there has to be a point. There has to be a point where you sit and go, okay, you're my friends, et cetera, et cetera. I love you guys. Yeah, we can talk whatever, but I want a different life path. You have to leave some people behind. You wouldn't want to be if you were to come hang out with me.  And you're in a room with me and my five friends you'd feel you'd feel self-conscious You're right. You don't feel so with your friends because you only so you don't you only you only surround yourself around people that are on like your level of like You're yours. I'm with killers We're fucking monsters if you were to come hang around with me and my crew You would be self-conscious and that self-consciousness would motivate you or they would certainly instill the discipline required for you to change You don't feel self-conscious amongst your peers That's why you don't change if you were to get in a room and you're the only person who ain't a fucking monster You'd want to become a monster. That's life. That's humanity So I say this to people all the time if you know you're the sum of the five people you hang around with why you hang around people You don't want to be now. It's true, bro. I'm gonna tell you why right? I was um do you know who I show speed is no He's other creator that's like like obviously like in my in my space I was staying with him in September and like I would literally like be all my shit every day like grinding like I what I'm grinding right and Like when he left I had like no one around me to basically  How to like all my like like so I should it yeah, and and and that's why I live in a competitive environment I live with my brother my cousin I live with men We have a big house like we could all afford fucking 10 houses each we live together on purpose and my brother does 500 Push-ups. I ain't gonna be the bitch of the house. I ain't gonna not do them right right So that that's another reason the war room exists my organization the reason it's so competitive is the reason we kick people out You have to fight to keep even if they pay you're like I don't give a fuck get out like Get out. Does matter everyone pays to join you get kicked out anyway you have to fight to keep the place to hope damn That's because that's how life was If we were still in the animal kingdom the lions that you see on TV They weren't just born big lions. They had to fight other lions They had to fight to get that antelope they had to fight other animals hyenas jackals They had to fight to be the boss. We live in an a comfortable world now where people think Oh, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter, but you know what? To some degree it does matter It doesn't matter and I'm to tell you who it matters to it matters to your soul and it matters to God I stand in the mirror with a  pure heart. I know I am the best version of me that could possibly ever exist. I know that God is proud of me. There's nothing that God hates more than sloth and laziness. If God were to create a man and that man were to sit around and do fuck all, God will frown upon you. It's why you're never lucky. If you're listening to this and you think I'm never lucky, I'll tell you why because God dislikes you because you're fucking lazy. Start to work. Start to show God the beauty of his own creations. You be amazed how lucky you'll become. God is unhappy with these people. And inside their hearts, they're unhappy. We talk about depression, anxiety, all those things you mentioned in the earlier on in this podcast. That comes from self-loathing. You load your own weakness. You load your own laziness. This is what all of these things are. I don't feel depression. How can I feel depression when I'm the most powerful version of me that I could ever fucking be? How can I feel depression when I could squeeze my own hand hard enough to break my own bones? How can I feel depression when I've smashed and destroyed 68 people's faces in front of me? Men who thought they could test me in fair combat? How?  How can I feel depressed? It's impossible to understand. You got the best fucking mentality, brain, ethic I've ever seen in my fucking wife. What the fuck? Everything you're saying is just like that you said, it's literally facts. I agree with 100% of everything. So why do we, okay, here's another question. Do you notice that human beings naturally, we don't care about things until it's gone, we don't appreciate what we have until it's gone. You know what I'm trying to say? Appreciation. Why is that? Why do you think that? And do you, do you feel the way, like are you very grateful? You appreciate what you have, like, you know, how to speak on that. Yeah, that's, that's a mental trick. You have to rewire your brain. That's one of the things you have to rewire your brain to do. And the reason your brain needs to be rewired is because anyone who is watching this stream below the age of 30, your brain is already broken. And I'll tell you it's broken, I'll tell you why. Watch your friends when they're on TikTok. How long can they even focus on a video before they have to change? Half a second, a second.  Maybe all of your minds are broken. You can't even focus on anything anymore. You are caught, distracted to the point where you can't even appreciate the good things in your life. You're distracted, your minds are broken. You need to rewire your mind and resist the slave programming. They have broken, I'll tell you how. First thing you have to do is identify it. You have to identify what is happening to you. I use my mind to break the trap. What I do is I allow my enemy to manipulate me on purpose. And then I use my mind to break the trap and punish to perpetrators. I will sit on TikTok for a day. And I'll just enjoy TikTok. And by the end of the day, I'll watch myself, how fucked, how quickly I'm looking to be entertained, how little time I give a video, how fucked up I am. And then I'll blink and I'll cure my fucking brain. You must allow yourself to be manipulated and you must fix it. All of it. You just talked about not appreciating the things you have. Then blink and...  cure your brain. It's a conscious decision. You're letting other people control your mind. Let me know. The matrix is trying to control your mind. They're very good at it. That's what they do to control all of us. You have to break the trap. If you cannot control your own mind, let me make this point. This is extremely important. If you cannot control your own mind, then you are just a feather in the wind of life because your own mind is the only thing you can control. You can't control the weather. You can't control people. You can't even control whether your heart stops beating. You might have a heart attack tomorrow. You can't control anything besides what you think. If you cannot control your own mind, then you go through life with zero control, zero influence. You can't control anything. You're just a feather in the wind waiting for life to blow you from happy place to sad place to happy place to sad place. Completely hoping on the gods to be fortunate to you because of any genuine discomfort comes your way. You're fucked.  It is trained like everything else in life. It is trained. So if you find yourself not appreciating what you have until it's gone, then you must blink and cure your brain. If you find yourself unable to focus or concentrate on tasks, you must blink and cure your brain. If you find yourself unable to go and dedicate yourself to something you don't want to do, you must blink and cure your brain. Because all of our minds have been under constant assault for years. The way the mind functions, the way people interact has changed so significantly. In the last 10 years, you wouldn't believe. If you go to a party today, as opposed to a party 10 years ago, they look completely different. People are acting differently. People are on their phones now that they're used to be. Even now, people will go to places only to get an Instagram picture, even if they don't enjoy the place. It's all about pretending they're having fun as opposed to actually having fun. The entire paradigm of society and how we interact has now changed. Every single thing in the world is attempt.  to influence you. I'll give you another paradigm that people need to understand. I ask people, people have these beliefs. Doesn't matter what their belief is. Doesn't matter. They believe in something. I say, where did you get that belief from? And they don't know. Oh, I, well, I, it's just how it's supposed to be. We're just supposed to wear a mask, whatever it is, right? Where did you get that belief? Who told you that? And does that person have your best interests at heart? Think about it. Think about all the things you truly believe. Think where you learn it. And think of that person actually gives a fuck about you. Because the only thing you should be learning from is personal experience for people who genuinely care about you and love you. Most people are out here believing things and repeating things that were told to them by people who don't even fucking like them by their enemies. Everyone's mind is fundamentally fucked. All of it. Look at me. I'm a guy who decided to conquer social media. I blinked. I cured my brain. I used basic individuality. I used perspicacity. I used compenduousness. I used my mind and I focused.  And I fucking conquered the world in a few short months. It's not difficult. There's just no competition because everybody's fucking distracted. They're getting distracted by this, distracted by that, watching fucking Netflix jerk an off to Born Hub, like fucking jackasses. It's so easy to win if you can control your own mind, but it seems that nobody fucking can. And that's how the people who run the world keep the world running because they have all the slaves, exactly where they need them to be. Permanently distracted and semi depressed. Working their asses off in jobs which will never satisfy them and never pay enough money. That's the matrix. It's a cycle. It's a cycle. It's repeating cycle. Like people like it caught into and the problem is to schools. Schools like don't really teach the best things. I feel like schools are designed to make you a slave. You're set up for slavery. Whole things are fucking scam. The education systems are scam. The judicial systems are scam. The medical systems are scam. Look at these last few years. You're living in Canada. You haven't learned that everything's a fucking...  I'm not a fucking scam all of it. Oh, but don't worry, if things don't go my way, I'll get to go to court and have my say in court. Yeah, that's fair. We learned that doesn't mean a fucking thing. The law doesn't mean a thing. Your rights don't mean a thing. It's all a fucking scam. The only hope you have is to cure your brain, see the attacks which are coming from the matrix, get a strong network of individuals such as the war room, and then learn how to escape. Most people are so deep inside of their programming. Most people are so hopelessly dependent on the system they will die and fight to defend it. Most people will sit here and pretend that the world they live in is just unfair because they are fucking slaves. Flav minded and to break the slave mind, to truly resist the programming, you have to understand what's happening to you. And this is only the beginning. I could talk about this for hours and hours and hours. But the basic answer to everything is you must control your mind. Well, my control, damn bro, what the fuck? I feel like I'm a changed man talking to you. It's crazy. Good. Because I know you will change for the better. And you can...  You can be absolutely anything you want to be. I'll tell you something, man. If I was 21 like you, and I had your money, and your influence, I went out to 21, I couldn't even fucking eat. I was effectively homeless. And I still managed to become a world champion kickboxer without food. If I was you with your setup right now, I could be anyone I fucking wanted. You can be king of earth. You have every single thing except for mind control. You have the last missing piece and you can conquer the planet. Wow, so I can conquer the planet. I mean, do you see the potential of me? I do see the potential in you. But there's potential inside of everything. This is what the beautiful thing about being a man is, right? Because being a man is difficult. It's so much harder than being a woman. Being a man is hard mode. But just like you play the video game on hard mode, when you win, you get a higher score. There is no better existence than a top tier male. Being a woman would suck. I don't mean that a whole way. I don't mean that a horrible way. I mean that there's no conquest. You don't conquer, you're born with value and by the time you're 27, you're old, and you have some kids. Great, good, that's a woman's path.  fine. But you don't get to conquer the world. Yeah, but like gang, but there's been, but there's been a, but to be fair, there's been accomplishments like that woman have done that have been like superior in history. They can, they can accomplish things. But the true, the true importance of being a woman is procreation. Do I'll be honest to you? Let's, let's talk about this now. Wait, wait, wait. What do you think? Do my bladder is literally going to fucking explode. Please, let me be, you could just say whatever you want to my stream, whatever the fuck you want. Give me 20 seconds. I want to wash my hands. All right. Cool. I'll wait for you, bro. I'll read the chat. I'm going to read the chat. A lot of guys are asking me how you get rich. I'll tell you how you get rich. You go to corporate. They'll come and you join Husser's University. I have a school that teaches people how to make money online with 18 modern wealth creation methods. If you have the money now, then you join the war room. Between those two programs, I can make anybody who's prepared to work rich. I cannot make lazy people rich. I cannot make quitters rich. But I can make people who are prepared to work rich. It doesn't matter if you're in Nairobi with nothing. I can teach anyone how to make  money. Anybody, it's really actually easy. I can teach anybody how to make money. But you cannot be a quitter and you don't have to be lazy. So look in the mirror and say, I'm a dedicated hardworking person. I'm not a quitter and I'm not lazy. Then you can make money, cobertake.com, Husses University, or the War Room. Between those two programs, you can conquer Earth just like I have. It's not complicated. I'll tell you exactly how to do it. If you're not a quitter and if you're not lazy, if you're prepared to follow instruction, if you're prepared to dedicate yourself for six solid months, six months out of your life, and you'll be fine. That's the answer to that question. Yo, what's up, bro? The girls, they're like, press a bunch and they want to know if they should just leave or... I think... I think we're done with the girls, yeah? Okay, yeah. Um, Andrew. So, bro, like everyone's just gonna call me a dick sucker. I hate that. I hate how showin' love and praising and giving flowers. Now it's dick sucking on the internet. I hate it. The internet's turned into just a fucked up place. The internet is a fucked up place. Yeah, it brings out the best and the worst thing's gonna matter. Yeah, exactly what you just said. It's the best and...  it's like it has its pros and its cons for sure. Completely, but all in all, it's changed the world and it's here to stay. But, I mean, I get hate all the time. I get canceled twice a day. That's why I was joking earlier about it. Because I'm not gonna fuck. I don't care at all. I can't explain how much it doesn't bother me. Wait, I find it, everyone. Do you actually, do you actually, do you actually, do you? Nowadays, most people understand my genius, so not so much. But I get the odd, you know, the odd Cretan, whose mind is not capable of understanding the things I say and they're limited by the matrix programming. And they'll come at me and say, I'm gonna call you a misogynist. And you're gonna have to say sorry and they're very disappointed when I don't give a solitary fuck. Right, right, right, right, right. Damn. Nah, I just think, I think that the way you sometimes you address shit, I could see how people are like, whoa, you know, like pointed fingers and shit. But I think if they have an actual intellectual deep conversation with you, you may know harm, I feel like. And I feel like you just, you're just very direct.  and you don't really have any filter. Yeah, I don't see our filter aids, so I don't bother. Yeah, like, you know, I feel you on that. I don't have to have one, so I don't have one. But all in all, I mean the best for people. I want everyone to be successful. I want the world to be a better place. And I think the world's a better place based on the back of strong men who stand up for what they believe in. I think that's how the world's always been a better place. The Matrix programming says the opposite, but what did I say earlier about what who is telling us, who is giving us these ideas and do they care about us? They're telling us that to be a better place, all the men need to be weaklings and compassionate without any morals or without any hard lines or beliefs. And they must talk in a very, very soft way. And we need to be very, very compassionate, very, very tolerant and all these things. But if you look at history, the only time things were peaceful and nice is when strong men stood up with their sword and said, no, this is mine and this works this way, and no one's going to come fuck with it. I think that masculinity and strength is what makes things beautiful and what preserves things, and is what we need more of. This is what's missing from the world. All of the problems in the world today could be solved by men.  of honor, of honor, not doing bad things, men of honor standing up and saying, no, this is wrong. That could fix a lot, but nobody seems to want to do it because they're too busy being distracted, distracted by the matrix. It press. As your people who have addiction, whether it's drugs, alcohol, whatever it is, do they recommend that people to stop their addiction? Do they cut it cold turkey or do they slowly stop it? He's off it. It's a good question. It's difficult, right? Because there's a lot of personal circumstances involved and it's different dedictions, do different things, et cetera. I don't know. I can't imagine truly wanting to quit something and not being able to quit. Like I could quit cigars today. Like it wouldn't even plague my mind. Like if I wanted to quit, I quit. I can't imagine a mind frame or a mindset where I want to do something and can't do it. Right. So it's almost difficult for me to answer that question because if you have that kind of mind, if you'remind is so,  fundamentally broken that you cannot do with your own mind what you want to do. Right. You know, like that, that you're, that you're just fucked, right? Life is hierarchical. There's always going to be kings and there's always going to be peasants. If you have a mind that you can't control, then you're never going to be a king. You're going to be a peasant. That's your life. You have a peasant's life ahead of you and that's your, that's your destiny. Enjoy. Right? There's always been peasants. That's life. But I, I believe that I mean the most important thing you can do as a man is, is to gain control of your own, is to gain control of your mind. Once you have control of your mind, life is so. So ridiculously easy. It's, it's so ridiculously easy. It's so easy to be in people saying they need to take your own good shape. But all you do is drink vodka and travel the world to never even home. You never even have a gym. How do you do it? It's ridiculously easy if you control your mind. If I decide to do a thousand push ups, I'll do them. Maybe I have to do them one at a time. Maybe I'll get tired. Maybe I need a break. I'm going to do a thousand because I said I'm going to do a thousand. It's not fucking hard. Everyone knows what they're supposed to do. Once you control your mind, it's easy, right? It's not fucking over a breakup with that.  bitch. You miss that girl, you're upset, you miss her with all your heart. But once you realize she's gone, if you control your mind, she's gone now. She's gone now, gonna miss her. That's a shame off to the gym. But like you either control your mind or you don't. And all of these things stem from the same problem. It's something you can do. It's something that is learned, something that is tall. But it's something that I needed to survive. So for me, it's easy, right? This is all I've ever known. But people have like, you know, they don't need it to survive. So they never develop the skill. That's just how it works. At the end of World War II, when men seen, when men went to Europe and saw unspeakable horrors at the end of World War II, did they all come home and need therapy or did they all come home and get back to life? Because because that was everyone was taught to have a mind that they control because they needed to survive. There's no one else. That's how life worked back then. Now imagine there was a war that big. Imagine the fucking therapy, the fall out, the fucking bullshit. No one would be able to fucking even just go back and I'm not saying they didn't see bad things and what's saying it's not hard. It's fucking horrible.  But that's just how that's how it works. That's life. Like I've seen shit like We've all had our trauma you have to get through it. We let it destroy you. We let it build you Have you ever been in love before completely? I believe in love. I believe in love. I believe in men and women being in love I believe in finding a woman and loving her with all my heart. I'm not gonna let her fucking take the piss at me I'm not gonna let her walk over my standards or my my boundaries. I'm a man I love you with all my heart and I said you're not going to the club with your girls. I want to go Cool then we're over and I will love you. Well, while I don't see you I might still love you a little while but I fuck you. That's still last the line. You overstep the line goodbye That's life. I can love a bitch and ignore her texts watch me I can be hide over heels and love and still ignore her ass for breaking my rules Because I set the rules because I'm a man. It's my world. You step into my world I don't step into your world. You step into my world You're never gonna win 100% the time you might love a bitch and loser cool, but you might love a bitch and keeper If I let her go to the club with her girls all the time how long is it?  until she meets a new dude and she eats on me anyway. Sooner or later. You're gonna lose her anyway, so why not lose her as a man, stick it to your fucking guns, instead of losing her seven months later behind your back? To stick up for yourself. Stick up for your fucking self. But this is it, but people are so scared of the emotions. That's all it is. No one's gonna shoot them in the head. They're scared of the emotions of missing her. You're a full grown man, you're scared of some emotions. Sit in bed and be sad, and fucking play your chest, and go to the gym and be sad and lift your weights, and be sad for a while and do your shit. You're not sad anymore. The fuck, you're scared of emotions to the point you let a bitch run your fucking life, it's insane. And this is the world we're in today. Everyone's scared of all full grown men, or scared of feeling fucking sad. Look at me. It's crazy. Someone said, what hobbies do you do besides obviously going to the gym? I don't like, by the way, I don't like walking out. I hate it. It's a chore that I do every single day, chore. It's a chore. It's a chore. It's a chore. It's just, but I don't enjoy that. Things I enjoy, I enjoy driving. I enjoy driving past cars.  I don't have to obey the laws where I live. So there's no speed limits for me, so I can just race around to it. Shut the fuck up. You could just go 200 miles an hour. It's all I do. It's all on Instagram. It's all my stories. I race to the city, do whatever I want. So I run it. So I like to race fast cars. And then a conquering earth. This is my new hobby. It's conquering earth and freeing mines. I watch the movie The Matrix. I watch to Morpheus. And I understood why he goes back inside of the Matrix to free mines. That's what I'm doing. This is what I'm on this podcast for. I don't care if I take one person and I free his mind. That's all that's my new hobby now. My new hobby now is replicating the mindset, which is going to be capable of resisting the oncoming enslavement of humanity. I am Morpheus coming in and out inside of the Matrix, driving the Nebuchadnezzar up and down from Zion, freeing mines. That's my new hobby. And I'll be around for a while. And then one day I might vanish and disappear. I can buy a hundred million dollar y'all and just fuck off and not talk to anybody if I decide. Take my 10 women and settle down. If I want to, I have 20 kids easy. If that's what I decide to do, I'm here freeing mines for a while. I'm currently in the current hobby and I'm enjoying it.  It didn't take long to conquer the entire internet, all of it is mine, I own it. Done. This is it, conquest. Conquest is all life's ever been for men. This is what men have an innate desire to conquest, to conquer. Even you, you care about having as many viewers as possible on your streams. You care about being as big as possible. You care about conquering. Why did the Romans wake up, make melt rocks, make swords, and walk in random directions? They didn't have Google Maps, they didn't have a fucking clue where they were going. Random directions to find some other group of people and fuck them up and take their shit. Why? Conquest. This is a conquer. Why did Genghis Khan ride his ass from Mongolia all the way to fucking Vienna? It's a long way. Why? Conquer. Men are born with this innate desire to conquer, it's inside of us. They're trying to suppress it. They're trying to distract it away from you, tell you that you're wrong. You're toxicly masked and you shouldn't want to conquer. You should want to sit at home and be tolerant. Now you should, you should want to conquer shit. Only thing that's going to make you intrinsically happy is conquest. Nothing else. If you're going to press it because you don't conquer shit, conquer something. Get up and do it.  It doesn't have to be a negative at all. You can do it in a very, very positive way. You can have an positive impact on the world. I like to think that my impact on the world's been positive. I've conquered the whole fucking internet and I've done it in a positive way. I'm helping the world. Maybe my enemy's maybe the matrix doesn't like me, but there's young men who are watching every single one of my videos whose lives are changing. So, conquest can be a very positive thing. So I'm here on the internet conquering the internet because I've decided to, because that's my hobby. Because I don't do anything degenerate. I don't take drugs. I don't gamble anymore. I used to gamble a bit, board a bit. Don't gamble. Don't take drugs. I drink sometimes, but I truly not a big deal for me. I don't like to drink too much. Pussies great, but how much of it do you really need? I have enough. But what the fuck else is it to do? Drive cars are conquering the internet. And I know nothing else to do. That's it. So my organization, the War Room, is already, I would vouch just one of the top five most important and powerful organizations on the planet. Within 10 years, we will be the most powerful organization on the planet. I can't even tell you here in public that you will not believe the influence we have. You will not believe the organizations we have infiltrated. You would not...  believe it if I fucking told you. I'm gonna run the most powerful, closed circuit organization on the fucking planet. It's gonna be mine, and I'm gonna conquer Earth, and I'm gonna have 20 sons from 10 supermodels, and I'm gonna die, and there's gonna be 10, 20 andriutates watching my old videos, continuing the legacy. This is what I'm gonna do for my bloodline. I'm gonna conquer fucking Earth. So you're not, so you're, what is your next like goal? Now you're big what like your next goal? Like what is your next theme, us conquer? I don't even look at it as goals, because goals are something that you put on the, goals are something you put on the wall to motivate yourself, right? Goals are, so you want, you want to buy a car, you put the car on the wall and it motivates you to go to work to get the car. So that's a goal that a, goals are for motivation. I don't work on motivation, I work on discipline. So I don't have a set goal. I just get up and do what I know I'm supposed to do. I don't work to try and afford that car. I work because I'm supposed to work. And then I can already afford that car, and another one, and another one, and a boat, and a plane, and a house, and another house, and a land, and then I just work. I do my work.  That is my duty as a man, as my duty to God. I train the gym, it is my duty to God. I do, I do my duties to God. I fulfill my duty. I'm an old school gentleman of honor and respect. I do what I'm supposed to do. I don't have any particular set goals. Anything I decide to do or want to do, I can do instantly, and if I can't do instantly, I can do it pretty fucking quickly. I don't need goals in that old traditional sense. I do what I'm supposed to do. Wow. It's not a matter of how I feel or how I motivate it. If I was depressed, it's impossible. If I was depressed, my life would be, and the day-to-day activities would be exactly the same as if I was exactly happy. You wouldn't be able to see a difference. I'd be up at the same time. I'd be in the gym the same. I'd be doing the same shit. It's, those are my duties as my duties to God. I know how I feel has nothing to do with it. Completely unrelated. How I feel is unrelated to my duties to God. They don't change based on how I feel. They're the same, and they will be completed because I refuse to fail God or my bloodline. Let's...  amazing. How let me know I'm telling you there's a bunch, there's how many people in the stream 188,168,000, whatever. You could take 150,000 of these people and travel back in time and stand them in front of their ancestors and their ancestors who fought fucking saber-toothed tigers or escaped the the Mongol hordes or managed to dodge bombs in the Second World War. All the shit they went through just for this fucking craton to be born and to look at him. Look at who he is, listen to his life story, listen to what he does on a day-to-day basis and they would feel nothing but fucking shame. Your ancestors did all that shit, all that struggling to survive, hunting and gathering, fucking avoiding enemies, anything it took dying at age 30 from a tooth infection, all the crap they went through just for you to be born so you could smoke weed and jack off. That's what your ancestors died for. That's what they weren't no hard for. That's who you are.  That's the end of your fucking bloodline. Do you feel no shame? It's fucking shameful. My ancestors will look at me and think everything we went through was fucking worth it. Your ancestors will look at... Most of these people, their ancestors look at them and feel nothing but fucking disgust. It's true, it's... It's fucking true, it's disgusting. And they should look in the mirror, look deep in their own eyes and say, Yes, I'm fucking disgusting, I can change this. That's the beauty about being a man. If you're disgusting, you can change it. That's the beauty. There's nothing stopping you changing it. You're right. You must accept it first. Most of these people, what they do is they hang around with other disgusting people and then they're a little group of disgusting people and they, Well, I'm not disgusting, everyone's disgusting and this is normal and it's normal to be a fucking jerk off. Not in my world, isn't? This is when I was making jokes, I was only about predators and prey. In my world, I'm in a world of predators. It's not normal to be a fucking jerk off in my world. There are duties that men must fulfill, whether to go out or to your bloodline. But this is a genuine honest, I'll say this now. Of those 150,000 people, I guarantee even...  they're fucking living it relatives, they're living parents aren't even proud of them. Like the fuck, your own father's ashamed of you. And you don't even feel fucking motivate to do shit. Shout y'all to that true. It's a fucking shame. You were to go and look your father in the eye and said, you know what, I could have been a fucking, I could have been a UFC champion, I could have been a multi-millionaire, I could have been a race car driver, I could have been a fucking nuclear physicist, could have done all these things, but I was busy on porn hub. You think he's gonna be proud of you? Fuck, no. Fuck, no. And there's men here who'll deny it, right? There's men who will go, no, no, no, no, but those are the ones who are most lost. It's the thing is to deny all that's gonna hold you back the most. The people who go, yes, I'm wasting my potential. Those are the ones who have potential. The ones who stand up and go, I am wasting my potential, I could be anything and I am not that yet. They have a chance. The men who go, well, no, actually, I'm fine. They're fucked. They're inside the matrix, fully slave-minded, they're a waste of time. But if you sit there and go, you know what, yeah, I am wasting my potential. Yes, I can be more than I am. Even if I'm already great, I can be-  better. As good as I am, I still push myself to the limit every single fucking day. I have every single thing a man could possibly want. I'm still pushing myself. This is your prerogative as a man. But you need to be instilled with a sense of duty, duty to your bloodline. You must want it. You need to want to deep inside your soul. I can't die as anything less than emperor. It's my destiny. Jesus Christ. Now I'm not gonna lie bro. This stream actually like I pretty sure changed like lives. I swear to God. Like you changed lives just now like this one stream. I hope so. I hope so too. I really do. I really feel like like people lives are gonna be changing the shit. I hope so. Shit. I hope so too. Mine is because I'm telling you right now I promise you I'm gonna literally be text you on IG and she's showing you like I'm really being a gym. Do it and you're gonna feel so much better for doing it. Not even just physically but mentally knowing that you pushed yourself to do things you don't want to do. There's nothing it there's nothing that feels better than the feeling you have after you did something you don't want to do. As you know when you're supposed to clean it up. Yeah you're right. You eventually  I'm actually cleaning it and you're like, thank fuck I've cleaned it. I did it, like the homework. I went back and square, oh, I did my homework. Oh, thank God I did it. I didn't want to do it, but I think God I did it. It's done. Correct. That's what it feels like every single day of your life is nothing but discipline. It's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful. That's a great feeling. That's like, that's something really, really good feeling I bet. I need that, I need discipline, I need it. It's a beautiful existence. After I picked up my shear on when I bought the Bugatti and I picked it up, the first thing I did was order another one. Like it never ends, there's always a new mountain to climb. So you're saying there's always, there's never really beating the game. There's always a mission, there's always something to conquer. Always and even if it's just tiny little, it's professionalism. It's holding yourself to such a high standard. There's a professional way to do everything. I'll tell you a story. I lost my keys about three weeks ago. It was the first time I'd lost anything in four or five years. Because when I put something down, I've taught myself to put it down and repeat my head where I put it. I put my phone on the...  on the kitchen counter. I'm going to find the kitchen. I'll say it in my head like three times I walk off. I don't lose things. I know where everything is all the time. I'm professional. I don't lose stuff ever. And I lost my keys. I was furious at myself. The ways I punished myself for only losing my keys took me 20 minutes to find them. Found them. I donated my charity. I refused to go driving. I worked harder in the gym. I fasted for 24 hours. I punished myself and my chicks like, what are you doing? So I lost keys. She goes, see if it's only losing keys. You're a fucking chick. You don't get it. I don't make mistakes. I don't make mistakes. And I made one and I will pay a price. I will not lose my keys again. God is my witness. God above, I will not lose my fucking keys again. I will make sure I repeat my head 25 times if necessary. Every time I put anything down on my pockets, exactly where it is, I will never lose anything ever again. I am a professional. I am exceptionally hard on myself because that's how I enjoy life. I can't imagine life any other way. I can't imagine life going through life losing my key.  I can't even fathom that existence. It sounds like hell to me. I get anxiety even imagining that existence. You don't talk about anxiety. I get anxious even imagining living that way. I am a hyper professional. So can you can you always be more professional? Yes. I can always be more professional. I could memorize the number of play at every single car behind me every single time I drive a car to make sure you have a problem. I'm trying to learn that now. And if I drive for more than two or three hours, I start to forget the number plates. So it's difficult. So there's always a new level of professionalism. There's always a new place to go. So the game is never completed. So never ends. There's always something. There's always something and thank God there is because of my complete. There would be nothing to do. You do your mind. I'd be more depressed than I need that would be the sadness. Yeah. The truth sad in the game is over. The truth sad is when the game is over. Why? The game is just begun.  Wow, Andrew. You're a legend. You need to be out competing all the other people on the planet who are hyper competitive. And if you think you have eight hours to sit there and just read a book, you are wasting your time. You are too slow and you are going to lose against people like me. Because we're just too quick, too fast. Our network's a two various and large and we make decisions too quickly and we absorb information too quickly and you're just behind the time. By the time you were done reading the book, the moves have been made. It's over, yeah. It games over. It teaches you that if you lose, at some point you made a mistake. It doesn't matter if it's the smallest mistake, it doesn't matter if you just took too long, too long to think, to make the right move and you run out of time on the clock. At some point you fucked up you lose that game. 100% accountability with no luck. That's what's so important about learning chess. That's the first thing. And the second thing is, you need to, as a man, adopt the mindset that absolutely everything that happens to you is completely and utterly your fault, whether it's good or bad. And most people, men don't have that. Most men don't have that. Matrix was attacking me and they were destroying me. When they're calling out my ex is trying to get fake fucking charges on me.  and put me in jail. When they closed my bank accounts, I'll use $10, $11 million. When they banned me on all across all social media as a lie about me, when they harassed my family, when they did a, I'm sitting there going, this is my fault. All of this is me. I got here, it's my fault. I'm not going, that was unfair. It was orchestrated. The NGOs worked against me. Because that is not helpful. So it's accountability. It's 100% accountability and all things. But also when I go out there and I start to begatti, it's like, that's me. This is my fault. The car is my fault and the big house is my fault. And everything that ever goes wrong is my fault. It's my fault. Absolutely. You have to take complete and our accountability for everything. You can't make excuses ever. There's never an excuse. And you're right. People try and put things on the outward, it's on the outside. It's interesting. I remember watching Forest Gump about five years ago, I was on a plane and I can't remember where I was flying. And the beginning of Forest Gump has a scene in it, which I don't think many people actually have ever analyzed or anticipated or understood what the scene means. But when he's sitting on the bench at the beginning, think about it for a scump. He's sitting on the bench at the beginning, and there's a feather going out there. And then it lands on him.  and the movie begins. What they're saying with that is, for us as a feather and life has just pushed him all over and put him in all these unusual scenarios. Life has directed him everywhere. That's what it's saying. And if you're gonna be the guy and you're gonna allow life to happen to you and you're not gonna happen to life, then you're at mercy of the wind. Perhaps it might work out okay, but it might not, right? So you have to be the guy who goes, okay, the wind's blowing in this direction. Fuck them, I'm doing this. You have to come to life. You can't let life come to you because if you let life come to you, then you're gonna be living inside of a matrix and a system which is designed not for you to live your best life. It's designed for you to comply. And it's not how to benefit. That's what it's really about. The whole world's about power. So when someone comes on TV and tells me I'm supposed to believe something, you need to believe this about the planet. You need to believe this about the gauge. You need to believe this about this virus. You need to believe this. I sit there and I look at it and go, why do you want me to believe this? Do you think it? Why? And sorry, sorry, you're gonna start now, sorry bro. It's like, why do you want me to believe this? Do you want me to believe this because it's...  good for me or is it because it's good for you? Are the rules made for the benefit of me or are they made for the benefit of the people who make the rules? And you sit there and you understand that all of it is programming, all of it is a lie. They want you to believe things that are not true. Like go to university, get in debt, sit there, you know, learn a degree, but they want to believe all this crap so that you are as enslaved as they can make you. This is all they want. I think that the entire world was built by this God-given drive to conquer. And to conquer doesn't always be dominate others. You can conquer the sky by building a skyscraper. You can conquer by building roads. You can conquer by construction, not only by destruction. You conquer by turning up to a new territory and having a beautiful family and creating children. I think that's inside of every single man. I think it's been dumbed down by the matrix, but I'm interested in fun. I don't understand the concept of fun. Fun is for women and children. All the women around me have fun. If you ask a woman the kind of man she wants, she will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent.  I literally had women say to me, you know what, I love being around you. I'm cool. I don't have to think. I'm like, what do you mean? Because I just turn up and like, we're just walking the hotel and everyone's staff doing anything we want and the jets just on the runway and we just land and I'm in this beautiful place and I don't even know where I am and I get to just turn my brain off and it's great. Like, they want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and successful. They don't have time for sad dudes. They don't care. So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're gonna sit there and self-diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're gonna have a shit life and nobody's ever gonna give a fuck and you're gonna perpetually lose forever. And that's your decision. I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even wanna accept that as a reality that can possibly exist. I don't give a shit. What happens to me in my life? I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, most heinous things that can possibly imagine happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression will be temporary because I will never stay a loser. It is against my creed is not my DNA. Ignorant people.  to a degree be happier in certain scenarios than others. That's just others. Yeah, they're just because they don't understand what's going on. They didn't happen. They don't understand about the battle of good and evil. They don't understand about the matrix. They don't understand that they're a slave. They don't understand it. And they're ignorant to how good their life could be. So they think their life is good. I understand all that. But that all changes when times get hard. Because those people are not happening to life. Life is happening to them. And they are subject to circumstances. Correct. I'm not subject to circumstances. No matter what happens, I can change country. I can fight against a win. You are this way. I can disappear. I am the circumstance. Take our eyes and circumstances change. Whereas these people cannot do that. The circumstances to take start life and a long enough time scale, especially in the world we're currently living in, I think that things are going to get a lot harder for these people. And they will see soon that ignorance is not bliss because they cannot pay their heating bill. Whereas if they were less ignorant and paid attention, they'd be able to be living in a mansion like me with heating on full blast. So this is what happens.  I have hundreds of people who I talk to all doing this shit. Hey, take if you see this boom, an author of him, something, he'll throw me something that that's my ecosystem. That's who I talk to. Those are my friends. We don't talk about Rihanna. We don't talk about football. We don't talk about love Island. We don't talk about anything other than money. How are we not going to make hundreds of millions of dollars? How are we not going to, how am I not going to have money? Like that's all we talk about. It's all we do. So I say this to you, you want to say, when's the last time we talked about the coffee shop example? Say it's people at the time. When's the last time you sat and talked about money? What do you mean? When's the last time you sat down with someone and talked about money? What do you mean talk about money? Well, if you don't know what to talk about, then you don't understand money. So go learn how money works. Go learn how bank works. Go sell on YouTube. For free, you don't just pay 50 grand in four years of university. Go sit on YouTube and understand money, banking, or the real estate market, any of it. Understand the last housing price crash, why it happened? Understand mortgage.  and how this affected by interest rates, understand it, and then go sit with someone else who understands it and talk about it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I should do that, yeah, yeah. Back to TV. Tom Asses. My kids are broke, they are brokeies. Yeah? Because they ain't gonna get the lessons in the other way. You know what, it's actually different. So if I had a daughter, my number one concern wouldn't be spoiling her. So I think spoiling a chick isn't even a bad thing, really. I don't think it affects their mentality nearly as much as a man. But the problem with spoiling a woman is, if she has too much access to money, a man's gonna get hold of it. I've been around, bro. I know. If, let's say I had a daughter, she's 18 and she has access to much money. Her boyfriend, whoever the fuck he is, if he has any game, any game, it's gonna be in the club or my money, driving her fast car with no insurance. He has a pay full. You know what I'm saying? She'll be buying him nice presents and shit. So that one noise about the chick. So she can't have any money because I don't want some fucking side dude getting it. Yeah, yeah. Sonny ain't gonna get any money because I don't want any.  him losing his hunger. I want him to grow up broke. I want him to go through all the struggles I went through. I want him to suffer. I want him to have that fire. Now I had some major disadvantages to the fact that I had absolutely zero access to money. My family was completely broke. So I will give him some advantages. Let's say like when I was a fighter and I was fighting, I couldn't pay the rent. If my son when he wins his fight, I'll give him a financial bonus myself for winning. He still has to go win. You understand what I'm saying? My kids are not going to be born into any kind of wealthy environment and any kind of money. When I have children, I probably won't even raise them in a western country because I think western countries are soft. Probably if I have boys, I want them growing up in deep Russia. Hard to call one. Yeah, with like in the mountains with the goats, like just running in the snow barefoot. To be born. Yeah, well monsters. That's what I want. I don't see the point. I'll have to send them to some private school to sit around, a bunch of fucking talks. Yeah. I don't see that. I think the best education in the world comes from the streets and comes from hardship.  anything that I can't teach them, or that they actually need to know. You know, so when I have children, their lives will be very, very hard. So I think that as a man, your happiness comes from feeling respected, over feeling loved. And the reason perhaps you're happy now is because you have more respect for yourself because of the decisions you're making. And you have self respect. Yeah. And I think that a lot of men, even if they have self respect, if nobody else respects them, they're struggling. If you're a person, if you're a man and you're out here, and you go, you know what, who do I want to be? I want to be strong and rich and brave and respected. That I need friends who are strong and rich and brave and respected. That's what you need to do. If you're going to say, oh, I want to be these things, but I hang around with this guy because we play FIFA together, then you can stay a fucking loser. And that is your decision. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for losers. I want to make this another thing clear that ends up on TikTok and will cry so I'll. I don't give a solitary fuck if you want to stay at the bottom of the societal total poll. If I'm going to ignore how I feel day after day, so I can perform, regardless of whether I'm sad, happy, piss.  I'm going to get up and work anyway when I'm tired. How do you expect me to feel sorry for you because you didn't work when you were tired? If I don't care about my own emotions, I certainly don't give a solitary shit about yours. If you want to stay a loser, stay one. Good, it's fine. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for you. I don't care. This is the thing that I don't truly understand. If I'm unhappy with something and I'm uncomfortable with something, that I fix it. That's endless motivation, which I don't truly believe in as a concept, but that's endless fuel for the fire. If I was unhappy with something about myself, regardless of what it was, I would be able to take all of that discomfort and turn it into endless energy to get the problem fixed. But these people seem to... It's okay to be unhappy. Yeah, well, these people seem to sit and say, I'm really unhappy with X, but then stay doing X. So I don't believe they're truly actually unhappy. What you'll notice if you live life long enough is that somebody will sit and say to you, I'm unhappy being a loser. Why are you a loser? I just sit at home and play video games seven days a week. And you're like, okay. And...  Maybe three days of the week, they're unhappy doing that. And that's the time they email you and that's the time they wanna make a change. But four days of the week, they don't really bother them. They don't really bother them. Because if it bothered them seven days a week, guess what? They would fix it. Correct. So I have very little sympathy for people. And that's not because I'm not a nice person, but it's because I've been so hard on myself and I've been through so many things that were difficult and I've been through so much pain and trauma myself. Some of it self inflicted, some of it given to me by God to make me a better person. But I've been so difficult on myself. It's very hard for me to look at somebody who's refused to be difficult on themselves and see them as my equal or feel sympathy or pity for them. Well, I would feel pity for somebody who took the easy route when I took the hardest possible route. I took the hardest possible way to be the man I am and you were too big of a... And now you want me to feel sorry for you? I don't feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry for these people. And because as a man, you can be anything you decide you want to be, that's the beauty of being a male. You can build your character completely from the ground up, just like a video game.  Every single thing about me that people respect I built. I was not born a world champion kickboxer. I was not born this intelligent or intellectual. I was not born this rich. I was not born this strong. I was not born this confident. I was not born this interesting. I was not born as charismatic and humble and gorgeous and tall and strong and sexy. I was not born none of these things. I became these things myself. So I deserve all the spoils of war. And anybody who decides they don't want to work hard enough to become those things then they deserve to sit and accept their mind-fereer. That's their problem. The kind of people who are really genuinely upset by what I say are the kind of people who can't truly learn anything and become successful in life. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I obviously know what I'm talking about to some degree, right? So if Mike Tyson walks in here and tells you he's going to teach you how to box and says you can't fight your a pussy. If that upsets you, then you can't learn, right? It's Mike Tyson. Just shut up and listen. If someone Richard Me comes along and says, Andrew, you don't know shit. You're a dumbass and you're a broken. I'm going to sit there and go, okay, maybe I'm a broken Elon. Tell me something. Right, I'll listen. But if you're going to sit there and go, no, call me names, I did it and not listen.  you're never going to get anywhere, right? You don't become the master unless you're very, very good at being a student, and I've always been very, very good at knowing when to shut up. My entire life, I've always woken up thinking or feeling like I had an enemy to fight against. As long as I can remember, I've always had, I was a professional chess player when I was a kid. When I was four, I woke up and my dad was sitting there saying, you're playing this Chinese kid, he's good. So I always had that, then I had professional fighting, I had eight, seven fights, so my whole life had some fight coming up. And now I wake up in the matrix and it's attacking me. So I've always woken up feeling like I had an enemy. And that certainly shaped my reality, it definitely shapes how I act and shapes how I think. I've always felt like I was in war, if that makes sense. Have you ever felt like you were your own worst enemy? No, in fact quite the opposite. I've had a healthy fear and respect for all of my enemies to the point where I've understood the only chance I stand to beat them is to have as many allies as possible and the most important allies my own mind. I have enough people who dislike me that I don't have the luxury of that way.  myself. So even at the height of the cancellation, right, when they were coming at me with everything. And I haven't even told you some of the stuff that come at me with. I'm about to tell you this is a lot more scary than getting the lead from Instagram. When they were coming at me absolutely, even the people close to me are going, you're dealing with this well. And I was like, I have, I have now innumerable shadow figures trying to destroy me. If my brain betrays me, I'm really fucked. I can't go down that path. So no, it's actually completely the other opposite. I've galvanized myself against internal enemies. Me and every single part of me is all in the same team. And it always will be. And I think that's because like I said, my whole life I was battling against something and someone else. One of the most terrifying but also gratifying things of life as a man is that we're all born relatively valueless. I don't think women are born that way. A woman, if she's born, especially if she's attractive, has an innate value. People just want her no matter what. But as a man, if you're not an important man, nobody gives a fuck about you. And they're never going to care. So you have to build yourself from the ground up. And that's scary for a lot of people, but it's also a massive opportunity. You can decide if you want to be a  famous musician or a nice sensitive poet or a painter or a kickboxing world champion or a business man. You get to decide on all the different characters in the video game. You can choose who do I want to be and then if you actually try, actually try, you can become it. It's not amazing. You can wake up and go, you know what? I want to be this kind of guy. I knew who I wanted to be. I wanted to be the dude pulling up in the Lambo three in the morning, gets out and I was like, who is this big, strong, rich dude? I wanted to be that man. So I became him. And if you don't want that, if you want to go be a musician and play guitar and get a bunch of chicks and chill and body and smoke, whatever, go, you can choose your character and build it. So I don't want to hear it. I'm an interested in it and you're right. You have to be careful who you're around because you are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. I knew a guy who wanted to be a musician and I'd need him and say how things go and he's going to go, bro, nearly finish my song and finish my album and we're going to make a million of money. It's cool. Six months later, it's him, how things, hey bro, almost done with the album. And I was like, it's been six months. An album. Yeah, but you don't understand you got a mixed attract.  I mean, it takes time. Mixing track that, okay, we have computers, what, 10 minutes? Okay, okay, two two days. It's been six months, bro. Like, I don't sit to him and say, it can't take this long. You're just smoking weed. You're not working. And I was like, he's like, you don't know, you don't know. So I thought, okay, I'll make a track. So I made a song. I wrote some lyrics and hit a guy up, got a mic. I know I'm not talented. Talked to Bubba Bubba. I made a song in two and a half hours. And I started releasing these songs. I made it two hours. And it was just a spiked that guy. Just to teach him a lesson about how speed works. It's funny because obviously not because of my musical talents, but because of my influence everywhere else. I got millions of views on my videos. So I beat him. I'm like, how many views you got? How many views you got? Zero. And it's not because the songs are good, not because I think I'm a musical genius, but because I'm tape. But yeah, they're like an hour, two hours. I threw them together. And it was just a lesson and speed to make sure I wasn't making any mistakes. And he was telling me it.  genuinely took months. I knew he was wrong, but the only way you truly know is to do. So it's like, it has to be a lie. So I made a song in two hours. I made a video in three hours and boom boom. From 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Bang, Bluey's Views. Done. And he's still talking about his album. He's probably still talking about it today. It probably doesn't even exist. Come tomorrow. Yeah, be ready. Since coming. Yeah. Look, everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it. You need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money, you run out of time, you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles. My point is, if you have no money, and you're coming to me saying, I want to make passive income, why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first. Because there's no such thing as completely truly 100% passive. You're gonna have to check on it. You have to maintain it. You're gonna have to find a new tenant for that property. You're gonna have to make sure that DeFi crypto farm you're in doesn't go to zero. It's not a run pull. You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right? But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making...  money without work is amazing to me. You should be worried about active income. If you show me, if I'm a brokeie, and you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour, I don't sit there and go, okay, but how can I make that passive? I go, cool, I make a eighteen thousand dollars a day, because I'm gonna work. You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time. I look at passive income because I have eighteen hours a day I work. When all eighteen of those hours are done and my workload still isn't finished, I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive either via staff or whatever else. And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time and when all my time is done, now I have to become more efficient so that I can get more done within the same time frame. To sit there and say, I don't want to use my time so I want passive income is dumbass, is dumb shit. The sixteen year old making forty five grand a month. If he was to sit to me and go, I don't want to make the TikToks, I want someone else to do it, make it passive that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working. You have to just work. Some point of the bite the bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me talking about passive income.  when they were broke, I'm like, you are just lazy. You are lazy, you'll never get anywhere. Lazy people never get anywhere in life doesn't matter what it is, they never have it. Tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never gonna get it. I feel uncomfortable with a lot of money in my bank. So that's another thing, like I'm now at the point where I don't really carry money at all. I don't have any way of paying for things because anytime I'm anywhere, I'm with like my PA or my security team, whatever. So it's almost weird how quickly you used to like walking in somewhere, eating and just walking out. I don't pay and someone else sits and pays for me. So it's weird, I don't pay for anything. I don't have any money, I don't have any of that stuff anymore because that sounds like true freedom though. You don't have to worry about the money at all. I don't look at the price of anything. I don't look at the price of anything. If a new car launches and I want it, I just say give me this and sort it. Yeah, literally give me one. What options, all of them, just take every box by. And cars turn up at the house, I've forgotten a bar and when did you reach that level of wealth? Was it within the last couple of years or were you at that stage beforehand? I was always fairly well off, but in the last.  Last, I'd say three, last three years, I got to a point where money's truly not real. Money has no value whatsoever for me anymore. So if I want something, I'll just buy it. What do you do? Start from scratch. You're in the London, you got nothing, you got no contacts, you're not in your war room. Yeah. And you need to make 10,000 pounds. I've never done it before. However, you'd have to start with selling something. Yeah. You'd have to start with becoming the middle man of something. And you have to start by taking a commission. That's the first thing you can do. Like the London dropped in the middle of zero and doing it physically, I'm not sure. I think no matter where I was dropped, I would turn to the internet no matter what. Okay. I think that, because the internet's just a global marketplace. It's just so much better. I would, I'd find somebody with, okay, so let's say I had nothing, right? I'd find somebody with star power, like you, for example. I'd come along, I'd drop you an email and say, listen, I want to put some together. I believe I can help you sell more. I am hoping if I show you I can sell more, you'll give me X amount of commission, X amount of percent. I understand you have star power, you have something I don't.  You can talk in front of a camera, you can attract people, you can entertain people. What are you currently selling? You're selling this. Okay, if I bring X amount of thousand people, will I be able to get this percent? That's what I would do. I think that if I didn't have the ability to sit on a camera and entertain, I would find somebody who does and I would be the blood and guts beneath the show business. Interesting. And that's the easiest way to get rich in the world today. So you'd find someone who's got an existing product or service. Correct. And then you would help them sell it and promote it. Absolutely not only. That's the easiest way to get rich today, especially because commission only, nobody's afraid of saying yes to. What's made me the most money is the war room. The war room is a private member's organization that I run. So when I first got, it's interesting. When I got extremely wealthy, I wanted to know where I kind of felt like I'd gone to outer space expecting to see aliens and I got there and there were none. I was like, where is everybody? Okay, I'm rich, but I expected once I became rich to me, other men who were rich, focused and tell.  had their dating lives in order, physical health in order, their finances in order, their connections in order, and I got to the top of the mountain, and I looked around and realized nobody had it. Like, yeah, this guy's rich, but he's cucked by his wife and he's fat. This guy's rich, but he's controlled by the matrix. This guy's rich, but he's dummy. He just made a bunch of money making music rap. He's an idiot. This guy's rich. Like, there was nobody who had it all. I was like, and I wanted a network of genuine predators. I wanted the free mason's almost. I thought, I didn't want to join their organizations. You want to be like you. I wanted people like me. So I started an organization to find those men. If you spend all of your time sitting around people who talk about how to become powerful and influential and rich, you're just kidding me. Yes, it's what you're going to end up being. Powerful, influential and rich. So now I have the greatest network on the face of the planet. And when I say it's maybe the most money, it's not because of the membership fee. The membership fee is very low. It's cheap. It's because of the opportunities and connections inside of the world. And that's why I am ultra competitive, and that's why nobody will ever beat me. If you're...  an individual and you wake up and think I want to make my life better and you spend eight hours reading a book. That's fine. When I wake up, I wake up to maybe 25 messages from some of the most influential and rich people on the planet that you've never heard of. Telling me, by this now, this is an opportunity to make money on the Russian rubble. This is an opportunity to make money here. This is an opportunity to make money on this land. This is what's going down in Iraq. Here we have an opportunity in Nairobi. Here we are. I'm sitting there going, okay, and I have got all this created information and genuine opportunities and real time presented to me. And within 15 minutes, I've made a $5 million investment. You're on page one. You're still reading your book. The introduction. You're still reading. You're still reading the introduction. And this is why against people like me and my network and the other people inside the war room, you will always lose. So the war room's made me the most money, but not because of membership fees or anything like that, because of the genuine connections and opportunities inside the war room. And we're just free minds. Anybody who listens to what I say and agrees with it and likes it should understand that you are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with.  And if you know that, then you need to make sure you're not spending time with anybody you don't want to be and if you learn and absorb and you're in the right place And you can do fantastically well. So the war room. I mean with the war room network now It I could never be broke ever again. I think the world would be a terrible place if everyone had a free mind You do need the slave mind. I've heard you say as annoying as they are. Yeah, you do need the slave mind So you do need the guy who believes that you know working the gas station is important and he's good at it You need him. It's good. You need these yeah But what if that guy just doesn't know any better though good He's talking about the world can't all be you know Manchains and palm and the butt they can't they can't all be that so successful is all about self-definition Which is what I was saying at the beginning you have to decide who you want to be and if you're if you wanted to be Joe Shmo and you pull it off and you'll be a pretty happy content person to decide who you want to be I think the people who are miserable is the dip it's the gap between their expectations and their reality That's where the misery lies. Yeah, my expectations were always enormously high even when I was a nobody I knew I had to be filthy rich and a kickboxer and  I knew I had to be the kind of guy that people gave me. Were you happy at that point? I knew, but I knew. I'm basic things. At the age of 15, I knew that if I'm the kind of guy, if I raise my voice, people are going to care. I'm not going to be the guy who starts shouting and everything is funny. I know I'm going to be the kind of guy who's genuinely a formidable opponent and all realms of human endeavor. I know I'm going to have money. I know I'm not going to take a shit. Where did that come from, though? I just can't just... Yeah, I know. I understand what you're saying, because my whole life felt like there's always more. I know that there's more. But I think a lot of people have that. Of course. But the people who are miserable are the people who don't try hard enough to obtain it, because I actually believe, and this is another thing I'll say, I believe the universe is very giving. I think the universe in God himself is very giving. I've yet to meet somebody in all my years who is genuinely giving 100% of themself day after day, doesn't snake anyone, firm handshake, look you in the eye, doesn't lie to nobody, and tries 100% doesn't get what they want. I've never seen it. Every single person who doesn't have what they want, there's something in their story that doesn't quite add up. I've yet to see some guy who... Have you ever seen a guy who eats right, trains his ass off, and never misses a gym session? Ever not.  not grow. Never. Not what? Not what? Not grow. Not grow. Never. It's just that's the way the universe works, right? So if you're truly about it and you're truly trying your absolute best, you're going to do it. And that's what I believe. I believe the universe is extremely giving. So when I meet somebody and they go, I really want a dish and I don't have it. So you didn't really want it. You're aware. I don't understand or I don't fathom the concept of fun. I don't wake up and think, what can I do for fun? I don't wake up and think, what is fun? I want fun that never crosses my mind. I wake opportunities, right? Because you have to be positioned to take advantage of opportunities. Yeah. It's like in chess, they say, good moves come from good positions. That's true. You can't find a good move from a terrible position, right? If you're sitting at home with no money, it's hard to invest in Bitcoin at a dollar. No matter what it goes to, right? You go to be in a good position to take advantage of things. So you've always got to be in a position where you have a good network, you have good information, you have some kind of liquid money, you have the ability to survive without that money, you can take a risk. Like it's hard to set yourself up.  position now where I'm in the NBA, I'm an NBA player, I can never go broke again. So it doesn't matter, right? Once you're in the NBA, you can, I can throw a million dollars something, it doesn't matter, but it works on all. So for me, it doesn't make a difference. And that's why it's so much easier. They always say the first million is the hardest and they're completely right. Once you get to a certain point, you can just, you can gamble to it. I don't want to sound, you know, airy fairy, but I truthfully believe that universities are giving place and that if you actually really want something, you can have it. How much you want is, how much are prepared to sacrifice. So if you want half a million a year, you can definitely make that and that level of stress you'll absorb for that money and the amount of headache you'll go through. If that's the amount you're prepared to accept for a happy life, you'll have it. Do you think anyone can do that? I think that you have to pre-decide, right? So even my level of wealth comes with enormous stress. Governments are after me. Like it's it. Most people are not mentally prepared for the bullshit I go through. So the number one factor that's going to decide how successful you are as a person is your ability to absorb stress. Your stress.  The better you are dealing with stress, the more problems you can fix and more money you're going to make. What I'm doing now at my stage in my life is buying power. So I thought I wanted to be rich. I didn't want to be rich. I wanted to be free. You're only free with power. And in the American political systems, a perfect example of lobbyists and lobbying. Yeah. They will lobby for things. They'll come along and say, I'll give you an example. Why are there no high-speed trains in America? America's huge and rich. High-speed trains to be fantastic for America. But the rail network is basically non-existent. The reason is because the oil companies, the lobby, both political parties to make sure that they don't build trains, everyone drives. Long highways, it's good. It sells a lot of gasoline. That's what they want. So once you get to the starting level of money, you realize you want political friends. So you're like, okay, I want this law or I want this law to work this way. Well, I just want someone I can call if this happens to me. And you just start giving a lot of money away effectively. And you're trying to buy power. And that's the way it's always worked. That's what needs huge corporations and companies do. Well, the thing that's reading a book is it's a reward without any risk. And this is why I think a lot of people are proponents of reading. And they say reading, reading, reading.  because nothing can really go wrong. Besides wasting your time and life, of course, but they don't believe that. I am a much larger proponent of larger risks and larger rewards. If you want to learn about self-help, if you want to understand yourself and see what kind of man you really are and learn how to fight through adversity and learn how to get up with life's difficult and learn how to control your mind and learn how to struggle, then you can go to the boxing gym and you can get your ass kicked. You do not need to read new books. You need to get in the gym, walk in there and say, I'm gonna fight the best fighter here every single day and not quit until you can eventually be in. But most people are not man enough for that. So instead they'll read a self-help book and they'll sit there and try and talk to me about mindset. I learned my mindset in battle. My mindset is 87 professional fights. My mindset was learned in the reality of the real world. I don't need to read a self-help book. I don't need to read about motivation or confidence. I've been in the cage smashing people's faces in. I don't need to learn any of that stuff. So I learned in reality and reality is always going to be a better teacher than a book because you're not learning when you read books. You're regurgitating, you may be reading, but I don't believe you're truly learning. I coach you to say, if it doesn't hurt you, didn't...  learn and I think he's completely right and it's the same with it's the same with entire life. You see people make the same mistake over and over again until until eventually goes really wrong and it's only then they'll change. So absolutely so I learned how to become self-disciplined and become self-motivated and work hard and I learned how to face adversity and find strength within myself. I didn't know I had because people were trying to kill me inside of a cage and you cannot replicate that by reading pages of a book so it's a waste of time. There's a study I read about stress and it was saying that stress they stress as a placebo effect attached to it because the placebo effect is extremely powerful so he found some of the most stressed people in the world and they split them into two groups and they're all equally stressed they all have a bunch of cortisol in their blood. Yeah the people who believed they were that stress was bad for you and that stress can hurt you and they believed those mediocles were dying earlier they were having heart attacks and I have a stress related illnesses. The people who believed the opposite who just said stress is part of being successful I like stress and I feel stressed I do my best to make me anxious it turns my brain on.  I like being stressed, lived longer than average. The point is, the same drug, how you look at it and how your body anticipates it, how you feel about it affects the real world results. I don't think motivation is a real thing. I don't believe in motivation as a concept. I think discipline is real and I also think discontentment is real. And I don't think it's possible for anybody to stay in a scenario where they're truly uncomfortable. If you fall asleep on your arm and your arm really starts to hurt, even in the deepest sleep you're gonna wake up and move your arm. If you sit there and your life has been in a rut for seven years, you are semi-comfortable in that rut. Sure, there's days you're pissed off, sure you're semi-annoyed by it. But there's also days where you just play video games eat pizza and you're kind of cool with it and it's no big deal. If you were truly unhappy and uncomfortable and discontent with your scenario, you wouldn't be in it. So I think I don't believe there's anybody who's truly, when I was broke, I couldn't sleep. Yeah. I'm not saying, please understand me. When I was broke, I couldn't sleep. I'd be trying to go to bed thinking, how the fuck these people have ferrari's? I want a fucking ferrari. I couldn't sleep.  If I had to open a coffee shop, if I sit in a coffee shop, right, if I sit in Starbucks, the whole time I'm in there, not only am I thinking about how they got the money from me and how much I spent, I think about how I could outcompete them. I'd sit there and go, okay, cool, I'm in Starbucks, I spent 5 pounds, 68, I got a latte, and I got a donut, and I'm sitting here. And that business place, that commercial property right across the street is available for lease. How could I outcompete this coffee shop which just took my money? What's the profit margin on this 5.68? How much it just cost them? The coffee pennies, donut, 30 p maybe, right? How much is the staff? They paid a staff minimum wage eight pound an hour. So I've already paid half, I've already paid 30 minutes work from that brokeie. The way she's there for another 30 minutes of free, right? How much is the rent? How much is the business rates? By open up there, how would I attract people to come into my shop as opposed to their shop? They got a big brand name. I'm brand new. Okay, well, the bitch working here is ugly. My one's going to be hot. Boom, that's the beginning. Next thing, do they have any signers outside? No, I'm going to try and put some signers outside. Do they have parking? No, I need parking. But we need to start thinking about...  how you can convince people to give you their money as opposed to give it to the places they already give it. Different understand. And once you do that, people say, I can't think of how to make money. If you start doing that for a year and just keep a notepad, you'll have a hundred ideas of how to make money. You'll sit there and go, there's a place here that's doing this and we could do a better this way. This place online is doing this. We can do a better this way. And then and then to get them all done, what you need, network, you need people. It's all about people. Then you need either go in the war room, if you want to join or have your people around you and say, okay, we can make money with this. Who's going to do it? Who's not lazy? Who's going to put 4 a.m. tomorrow? Boom. Let's get it done. So there's unlimited ways to make money, but most people go through life and their money is taken from them. And they don't even identify how it got how they got tricked out of it. They just have to leave it. Yeah, they just have how did I spend 16 grand in circle last night? Oh, because my ass got drunk. How did they get me drunk? Well, because the guy when I first bought the first bottle of champagne was there on the table, pouring, pouring, pouring, putting in my hand, got my drunk, then I spent 16 grand on balls. That's how they got my money. So I opened a club. I had to make sure when people first come in, they get fucking  No one thinks about it that way. Nobody thinks how did they get that out of me, right? Why am I spending $2,000 for dinner in Novakov? Is it the food or is it the fact that I'm in Novakov and tag myself in Novakov? You have to identify how you're getting fomused, how you're getting finessed. That's how you do it. But most people just walk through life, getting finessed, left right and set her, giving all her money up. And I'm like, oh, how did that happen? You got to learn to finesse other people. Yeah, but it's not finesse in a negative way. It's in a good way. It's a good way. You have to take money from other people. That's the only way you're gonna make money. You have to take it. There's a pimp. And he said a really intelligent line. He said, business is just other people's money. That's all business is. I want to start a business so you want other people's money. That's what you want. So how are you gonna give it to you? You have to think about it. Nobody thinks about it. And the easiest way to think about it is to think how you're giving yours away. That's a mental model you should adopt. And you'll end up with loads of business ideas. Business ideas are everywhere. It's just execution, which is difficult. Your ability to speak freely is directly correlated to your insignificance.  When nobody listens to you, you can say what you want. If you get a platform and start talking, you will learn very quickly how you're not allowed to say what you want because people are listening. You're free to talk in an empty room. You're not free to talk to millions of people who are paying attention to you. So what we have now in the West is a society which is only linked and only bound by this false idea of freedom. So I'm now at a point where, and my attitude to money, I want to make something clear is relatively unhealthy. I have no respect for money. I'm not, there are people who are much smarter with money than me. I don't have any respect for money at all. I don't believe in saving money. And I think a lot of that is down to my, I'm not advocating people to be like this. It's my life philosophy and the fact that I don't live in any realm of fear at all. I can't imagine myself not being able to make more. I can't ever be poor. And if I want something, if I want something now, that took every penny of my network.  than I would buy it. I'll give you an example. I have an 812 super fast Ferrari. I love it very much. They've released it. Yep, they've released a 812 super fast competition on, they've released a competition version. Instead of 400 grand, it's 1.6 million, which is a big difference for a bit of a body kit. And I want one in Europe and I want one in Dubai, so I bought two. So I bought 3.2 million dollars of Ferrari. Should I have done that? Well, yeah, I can, but my point is, I'm happy to just spend money. Don't give a shit, right? But that's down to my faith in myself. So when you're asking how much of my income is disposable, in my mind, all of it, I don't give a shit. I have a lot of money left because I can't possibly spend it, but I'm happy to spend all my money. What really matters are the systems you build, the robust systems. If you have a robust system that's guaranteed to pay you $50,000 a day, and it always will, and you try to faith in it, and you're working hard, and you're on top of it, and it's gonna pay you at 9 a.m. every morning, 50 grand. You could spend 50 grand a day if you wanted to. You may not want to, but you could. So for me, all of my money's disposable. I don't have a clue how much money I have. What I would say is,  broke I knew exactly how much money I had. I had 117 pounds in the net west and that was a more rent paid I got nothing else. When I was broke I knew exactly how much I had but now I'm at a point where it gets really difficult to truly measure how much money I have because you have cash okay that's easy. I have some crypto which is constantly fluctuating and then you have assets and the price of the assets is constantly fluctuating and then I have companies and income streams which need to be valued and how do you value them right they can be an eight times multiplier and some circumstances and others that be a 10 times multiplier. So it's really difficult for me to put a value on it. If you were to say to me how much money do I have in the bank but then even then if I'm going to be careful I say I'm going to be careful I guess. But even then once you have a healthy respect for money once you get past a certain amount of money you don't need it in the bank. Like there's this dough point me having 50m liquid in the bank why? What am I going to buy? You know you're like as long as you have whatever you have in the bank to run around the world it with you have enough so you try and put that money to use right you buy assets it's why Z so it's really difficult. Most people don't deserve to be proud.  themselves. And that's the truth. A lot of people say, you know, I have confidence issues. And I say, if I was you, I would have confidence issues. Of course, I don't, I completely understand what you have confidence issues. You're a dork. But we have to be realistic here. We have to be absolutely not really realistic because the world is brutal and it's harsh. If you're not proud of yourself, you probably don't deserve to be proud of yourself. So you're not going to feel happy. And you just talked about confidence. Confidence comes from competence. The reason I'm confident is because I'm good at everything. I'm good at everything I do. The things I'm not good at, I'm not confident in. Of course. And I know what they are. I don't do them very often. I've now created my reality to the point where I don't do anything I'm not good at. You're higher, just higher. I just don't want to do it. Like I don't play darts. I'm not good at darts, right? I do what I'm doing. I'm good at. So yeah, I'm absolutely not really confident because I'm absolutely not really competent. And that takes practice and discipline and motivation. And you need to fail a few times. You need to get up. And like I said earlier, when I learned my entire mindset and professional fighting and chess, the two combined, that's how it comes down to. And when people say, oh, I have confidence issues.  Usually I can look them up and down and say, yeah, if I was you, I would completely and hardly struggle with confidence issues. Because the world is competitive and there's men like me on the planet and friends like mine on the planet and you're competing against us for money, the girls for status for resource, and you're going to be destroyed and decimated the entire time. So of course you have confidence issues when you can be annihilated in real time by the competitor. Why wouldn't you have confidence issues? You'd be psychopathic not to. I don't even know the story of the four minute mile, but whenever I was running long business running, I've only said a four minute mile was impossible and everyone was attempting it. It was impossible. And then one guy did it one day and after he did it, 10 people did it in like three weeks. And it's like the belief. So I think a lot of people in their council go, I'm done. Now nobody else has my, I'm going to, I'll sit here and openly say my network and the things I do in the unique way I approach it and the war room and the organization I have and the money I have and the influence I have is unique. Most people don't have that. However, people will have the morale to go. I've been canceled, but you know what, I'm not going. It doesn't matter. Don't give it up. Alright, just make a new account bank back to work, back to work, back to work, back to work.  enough scale of enough people do that. There will be inertia and momentum behind it, which will make a shift in the universe. It will attack the matrix in real time. It's belief. I have a question. Believe you must believe. I believe in you. You must believe in yourself. I believe in you. I believe in you. That's the key. Net worth is subjective. Like we just discussed. I think it's more about how much you're, and I don't even think it's how much money you have in the bank, because you can tear through any amount of money. It's how much money you're earning. I think a good life costs about a million, a million a month. Well, that's a big thing. A million a month is a good life. Half a million a month is doable, and you can still live good. But if you want to really truly live like the best human experience cost about a million a month. And is that earned income or income with your assets? That's income that you have coming to the bank that you can spot. Okay, that you're taxed on as well. So it's slightly less than that, but account of your tax. Depending where you pay tax. When I started my business, I was told by my mentor, what you've got to have to have a good life is 100,000 a month. That was 35, 36 years ago. But it's pretty similar now, maybe inflation.  and stuff, but I can give you, it depends on the way you're living, right? Because I told this story before on another podcast, but I recently Dan Belsarian message mainly said, look, let's hang out. I said, all right, cool. And I was in book arrest. He was in France. So by the time I only want to go see him for a day. So by the time I got the jet, I want my security team to come. So I had to get the force of security team and they came and I said to pay their wage and I put the trucks on the car. The cars on the truck to make sure they're waiting for the air in case we decide to go for a spin. And then I landed with a security team and everyone needs hotels. Eight people in a five star hotel and then you're on the ground. You have to rent these V class. The armored ones look after you and you go, you see Dan, talk to him for an hour. You have dinner and then everyone gets back on the jet. By the time I saw Dan in a 4-A hour whirlwind, by the time we moved the cars, which I didn't drive and security came and said, you spent 400 grand. You've been 400 grand. You go see your friend, but it's very difficult for a government to even pretend to give a shit about the average person to me because I understand how all this works. So the government comes along and decides to give out free money. The average person in the...  in the middle or at the bottom goes, wait, free money, government cares about the poor person. No, they don't. If they, let's imagine, let's keep it very simple. Let's say they gave every person in the UK a thousand pounds. They're either gonna save that money or they're gonna spend that money. Or they're gonna let's say invest that money. If they spend that money, which is what 90% of them would do, it goes to corporations, making the corporations filthy rich, the stock price of Amazon during COVID went to the moon. Because they've been sitting at home bored, just buying stuff, right? So there's less corporations than there are people. So let's say you get everyone in the UK a thousand pounds. A lot of that money goes to one guy, Jeff Bezos, the rich get richer, just like before. Let's say they invest it, well, they get invested in what, the stock market, well, that increases the price, the share price of companies, who owns companies? Rich people. Let's say for somehow 200 of these people are best friends and they never gonna argue and they get together and they get 200,000 pounds and they buy a house, for example. That's still gonna raise the price of housing on that street. The house owners, the homeowners, are gonna get richer. The people who already own things, the asset owners are always gonna get richer. No matter what you do, the people...  people who are poor are always going to get poor and the ass owners are always going to get richer. And it's running away now to a point where the chance of buying a home on the average salary is near on impossible. I mean, you know some hacks, you know some things about it, et cetera, et cetera. But I don't know how people are surviving on this money. I still very much understood. Any basis on going to launch from now on out, I need to find a way to get attention. Not a negative way, not an attention seeking way, but that's what advertising is. How do I get attention in the world today, which is difficult. And then once I get that attention, how do I monetize it? Yeah. Because that's the world we now live in. Reanna, when she launches a makeup brand, no one buys it because of the makeup they buy it because it's reanna. She has attention. She can monetize it. Anyway, she chooses. Reanna can launch a fucking clothing brand, makeup, so fuzz. Who cares? It's reanna. She's going to sell, right? So that proves that we now live in an economy. We live in a world where the most valuable currency, the most valuable thing that exists is attention. It's extremely difficult to get because people's attention spans.  lower than ever. Yeah. Bro, they're not existing. Have you ever watched someone on TikTok? Watch. Next time someone's on TikTok, watch them. Because I don't have a TikTok account myself, but I see people on it. How long do they give a video to interest them? Maybe a third of a second? They're like, not interested enough, move on. Bro, that quick. If you don't get my attention and not fleet two, five seconds, I'm not interested. Right? That's how hard it is now. And it's getting harder and harder because the apps and the algorithms are retraining our brains to do that. So now we live in a world where if you can find a way to hack these algorithms and you can find a way to get attention, and there's lots of different ways to do that, then you can find a way to monetize it. And off the back of that, you can become a very, very wealthy individual. Just do it all at once. I mean, that's what I do. I've had people come into my office and say, are you on a phone call and playing chess and reading a web page at the same time? I guess. I'll be reading what I need to read and on the phone and at the same time playing chess. Otherwise, my brain's not full. You need to be stimulated. Yeah. Can I focus on one thing? Not easily.  But am I massively successful doing enormous amounts of work? Yes every single day Yeah, that's the only part of the thing. It's just staying within the parameters of Constructive if if what you're doing with your energy is constructive and you're within those parameters Then you're gonna be massively successful anyway. I am scared about the fact that Someday someone's gonna say you know what this guy's causing too much problems or he has too much influence Can he just why would they just crash his car? Can he just can he could his jet just crash? Can we just get rid of this guy? Because it fixes a lot of issues and then you have to sit and say is my life worth more than the trouble I'm causing to these people they don't give a shit about me they don't give a shit about anybody So you do get to a position where it's scary and then you have to sit and decide well Do I want to sell my soul to the devil and cock or do I want to just shut up and disappear which is also cucking or do you Want to live for something and you want to die as a name as opposed to a number people who are still dependent on the system will fight to defend the system There are people who I will sit there and say to them look your university degree is a scam They lied to you. I will show you how to make money and their reply will be  No, I went to a good university. They are desperate. No, that degree means something. You work in Gregg's, gee. Doesn't mean it's shut up. They won't accept it, right? So certain people are not ready for the truth. People who are ready for the truth seek it and they find it. Well, also there's no light without dark and there's no joy without pain. You can't have a rainbow without a little rain. Exactly. And no matter how hard you chase pleasure and happiness, there's going to be dips and troughs in between. There's going to be come downs and downtrends. And you're going to have the juxtaposition between that time you were laughing or head off and I can get it like a child and the time that you feel depressed as such. And I think it's much better to just adopt a very disciplined, stoic mindset. I'm always the same base level of happy regardless. If I lost all of my money today, I would be the same happy. If my net worth quadrupled, I'd be the same happiness. Yeah. As long as I am alive, which is a struggle on unfortunately in the current climate, but as long as I'm alive and the people I care about and love are alive and as long as...  as long as I get, as long as God gives me the honor of doing my duties and providing for the people I care about, as long as I get to wake up and know that there's a whole bunch of people in the world who need me and I get to work hard to please them and do good for society and good for the world. Then I'm a vessel of God and I'm happy enough to survive. That's all I look at it as. I don't ever consider how do I feel. That doesn't cross my mind. I have things to do. A lot of the time women get in the way I've seen it a million times where I've seen women get in the way of partnerships like that so many times. Because women don't like you having a strong masculine network because you don't need them. They want you to need them. I'll help you. I'll be your partner. That's the biggest mistake. Don't forget me. Start it. Biggest mistake you can make as a man is start trying to start business with your wife or some shit. That's ahead. Why is that? I don't know who I'm going to fend her upset now but this is how it goes. Because now you got two different battles on the relationship you're trying to be in control of and I deal with the business as well. Now it's different if you were on the business and you hire her and she does a little bit admin. Cool. That's fine.  But I'm talking about let's say 50 50 business, but yeah, let's say your chick goes I want to open a beauty salon and you pay for her to open a beauty salon And now this beauty salon you've put a million dollars of your money in it and it's not open on a Thursday I'm like why is it open on Thursday's? Oh, headache. You mean you had a headache, bro? I just got a million yeah, but Claire sick and I have a headache and now you got to relationship It's all messed up this bitch is lazy. She thought it'd be a sex in the city episode where she just drinks lattes It makes money and she realized she had to actually do shit You know what I mean? It's all getting messy there was with you when you're with your boys and you let say you invest a million And something is open on Thursday you know what I say what the fuck's wrong with you not for you to live your best life It's just mind for you to comply my point is if you have no money and You're coming to me saying I want to make passive income. Why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first if you spend all of your time Sitting around people who talk about how to become powerful and influential and rich You just guess what you're gonna end up being powerful and influential and rich. I don't give a shit What happens to me in my life? I don't care how?  bad it is, I don't care, the worst, most heinous things like a Pulsing Imagine happened to me. I know that my sadness, my depression will be temporary because I will never stay a loser. It is against my creed, it's not my DNA. I hope this pisses you off, because I'm telling you to annoy you, that you're sitting there struggling to pay your bills, there are people out there making so much money, you couldn't possibly fathom without anything they want, all of the time, and you may sit there and go, oh, but they're miserable. A lot of them aren't, trust me, they're having a great time. So you need to make a bunch more money because there's money everywhere. I look at a beautiful woman and go, I can go on a date with her and she's absolutely gorgeous and perhaps will fall in love and it'll be great, but you know what, I'd rather work. I just want to conquer the earth, I don't care about anything else. So you can just start identifying how your money is taken from you, because once you identify how your money is taken from you, you can start to actually intelligently think about how you can take money from other people. The only time me and a man ever is good is if you become an exceptional man. He understood, be near the money, I have no money, money's over there. Well, let me get closer to it. They're like, no more staying over here on my fucking own. Let me at least get closer to it, that was a 17. The brokey days were good days, bro, man. Like I'd get McDonald's, and you're like,  with your boys. The broken days are great. And I'm not complaining about being rich. Obviously I worked hard for this and it's a fantastic life I live now. But I think without those broken days, without those original days to compare it to, without that juxtaposition, that I don't think being rich would be fun at all. I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you weren't rich. That's the only thing that makes it fun. The only thing that makes about $10,000 stake fun is that you can laugh saying how you never had 10 grand in your bank to your 27 years old. Yeah. Otherwise it's boring. Otherwise you okay, it's taking and I think if you're born with too much money, that you'll never truly be happy. I think you need the broken days of the best days. Most people are so uninteresting and so unremarkable that you could replace them online with a chat GPT ball and you wouldn't really notice. Genuinely, that's how boring most humans are. If you're special and remarkable and unique and you're famous or you do whatever, that's different. But most people you could replace with chat GPT by text you wouldn't even notice. And that is a free application which is brand new. Imagine we're going to be in 20 years from now. So we start...  talking about useless eaters. This has been discussed by very important, very powerful people at length. The same people who are trying to give you the vaccine or talking about the fact that the population of the earth needs to decline. Why do they, why do we need, they say it, Bill Gates says it. Why do we need to get rid of people? Well, machines will do it. So why do we need people sitting around who have hopes, dreams, aspirations, they want healthcare, they want safety, security, children, all of this garbage. We just need somebody to do X job and a machine can do X job. So what do we need these people for? So then you start looking, I didn't weird that Hollywood was the first one to strike about it, but it was about actors. Well, yeah, because have you ever asked chat G.P.T. to write a movie? Like that? Bro, it's better than anything you've seen in Hollywood in a long time. There's no woke bullshit. There's no trans lesbian, black, double-dicked, fucking hero. So it's great. So, you know, so funny is that like this episode is definitely going to like fuck my account up, but I'm in for it. And this chasing, this idea of chasing happiness and always being concerned and preoccupied with how happy you are is actually...  the biggest mistake that a lot of people make I think in the world today, especially men who wake up and go, I don't really feel happy. So I need to get happier. And that's how they end up down a hedonistic path of drugs or alcohol or gambling, chasing pleasure. I don't care how I feel. I don't care if I feel happier said. It doesn't really affect what I do. Each day I do the exact same things. I act the exact same way. I don't care. I don't put weight to the significance of the emotion. So I always consider myself a happy person. But if I woke up and I was slightly less happy one day than another, it wouldn't affect anything I do and I wouldn't put any relevance to it. I'm human and that's life. And so yeah, am I any happier now that I am, that I have hundreds of millions of dollars than before I was broke? Yeah. Not really, but I was never unhappy. I'm the same state that I was then that I am now. I have work to do and I will do it. And life is a value exchange. Every friendship, every relationship.  every business relationship there has to be an exchange of value. If you're as you progress through life, the people stay in the same place, you're only giving value and you're not receiving any value back. And you have to be ruthless about those things. Like I have a very created circle and everybody in my circle is extremely useful and we're extremely successful. And it's a very motivating thing. If you're in a room full of ice cream experts and all they talk about is ice cream, how to move ice cream, how to sell ice cream, different flavors of ice cream, how you make ice cream, you're going to learn a lot about ice cream. If you're in a room full of people who are billionaires, guess what they're talking about? Money and guess what you're going to learn about? Money, I don't sit and have pointless conversations with people. Everybody, I don't even know what people are talking about. If me and my friends meet, we end up talking about the earth and how it can pay us. That's the worst of what we talk about. And that's how we manage to make a bunch of money. So you have to be ruthless with your circle and for people out there who understand this, a lot of people say they understand it but they genuinely don't. But if you do and you are trying to progress through circle, you need to find a way to provide value. You need to either join networks.  like my one on corporate.com or you need to find a way to provide value I'll give you an example in Romania I was driving and I went to a town called Ploos just a very small town I went in a nice car and a kid came up to me and he said I run the car spotting page and we take pictures of the Ferrari's and Lamborghini's kind of picture so yeah sure and anyway took a picture of it and then he gave me his business card and he said I just want you to know I don't even like cars I just knew the best way for me to meet rich people it's to take photos of nice cars a great story I was like I was like you're smart very I hired him I'm no surprise you works for me yeah he still works for me for this day he was smart enough to go where's the money over there yeah I don't get close to the money oh they don't want to talk to me but if I take cool photos of his car he might want to talk to me you have to find a way to provide value to people yeah if you provide value and it's a value exchange will do good but yeah I say this to people and they go oh my friend and you know we have a good time together well if you're gonna prioritize your friends by drinking and having fun then you're gonna have a much fucking loser friends that's your life and that's your life to live it's fine don't complain  when the NHS are on strike and you can't get so in and I'm in a private hospital in fucking Saudi That's your problem. You have to just make your decisions in life and live and live true to them but Creating a circle is ultra important and it's not just important financially It's also important for your entire life and your mindset as a whole because you don't it's amazing Especially amongst men we never want to be the poorest person in the world. We never want to be the weakest person in the world You never want to be so if you if you are if you're with a group of killers You have now this massive expectation. It's almost like societal pressure and a positive force If I buy go to my friends. I can't be the weakling if everyone does X amount push ups. I have to do it You might get dropped down. Yes. Well, you don't want to ask no happening. You don't want to feel that way You talked about kickboxing if I want to go learn kickboxing I expect my coach to be able to fight if I want to go learn piano I want to see my piano peach teacher play piano. Yeah, but people will go to university and learn business from a dude He's not ready business. It's just like it's cloud world. It's stupid like education is becoming decent  centralized, which is actually one of my products. I'm going to talk about it. But education is becoming decentralized now with the internet and the smartest thing you can do is look at somebody's life and go, this guy is living or he's doing exactly what I want to do. I'll learn from him. Now, that's the smart thing you can do as opposed to just going to these traditional educational systems. I think the most dangerous men on earth are the weak men. I think inside of every single man who are born with a fire inside of us that we do not control can destroy ourselves and other people. And if you look at men who have no emotional control, because that's what they're trying to teach us to have. They're saying, listen, you're a man, you're allowed to just cry all the time and have no emotional control, no stoicism, just be and react to your emotions. You know what happens when you tell men to just react to their emotions? Anger. You have school shootings, you have rape, you have violence. That's what happens when you tell men to have no emotional control. These school shooters are kids with no emotional control. Rapists are men with no emotional control. Violence in the bullshit you see in the street are men with no emotional control. Telling men to not be stoic is going to create a breed of violent young men.  You have no emotional control, can't control their emotions and act out on them. That is absolutely not really more dangerous to society than me coming along saying, listen, I don't give a fuck how you feel, young man. It doesn't matter how you feel. You have duties in your responsibilities as an adult and you must comply and act a certain way regardless of how you feel. That is better for society as a whole, especially as I'm only teaching the tenets of listen, go to the gym anyway. It doesn't matter, don't feel like it, go anyway. Listen, your girlfriend left you, your heart's broken, you're not out of the soccer, she doesn't want you. Get the fuck over it. What I'm saying is good for the world. They're saying, no, act out your emotions, go your crates, stalkers, rapists, and school shooters. These people are fucking dangerous. I say this all the time. I say the best things ever happens to me or the worst things ever happens. All the trauma and bullshit I've been through in my life are the best things ever happens to me because as a man, if you've not had a difficult life, you cannot be good at being a man. Being a good man and being good at being a man, they're too slight, different things. But to be good at being a man, you need to be, have been through so much shit that when the matrix deletes your entire life from the internet and starts lying about you at man.  And people start doing protests wanting you fucking home and they're looking for your family members and reporters start calling every ex-girlfriend You ever had trying to convince them and drive them to lie to come out and say you're something you're not when they're genuinely out to put you in jail That you can sit there and be focused and stoic enough to go you know what okay? What's the chess board? What's gonna happen? Who's trying to shoot you right now? Nobody? Okay, so it's better than it was a couple years ago. Okay, so that's why Zed did and plan through it, right? You're never gonna be capable as a man if you've not had trauma The best man ever have trauma if you call a police officer you need a brave police officer You ain't gonna be brave unless he's been through. Yeah, he's done any great. There's a big through shit So we also as a society sit and look at men and we want well, there's two kinds of society The major society the true society true women the brain that I want a man who's strong who support it who's intelligent Who financially provide a center then you're gonna want a man to some degree who's been through some shit Yeah, and a man who's internalized it and used it as a weapon and this is what I say to people people email me They're long lists of all the bad things happen  to him and I reply fantastic. You are so lucky. You have all the building blocks to become the exact kind of man you wanna be. If none of this shit happened to you, when something else bad happens to you later, you wouldn't be able to deal with it. Fantastic. And he goes, no, but you know this, this, he replied again with more excuses. He said, why are you making this excuses? I just told you what happened to you was a good thing. You need to reframe your mind. Bad things happen to Batman. They killed his parents. Do you understand? That's why he's Batman. You've just told me you have the building blocks to become the most, you might become top G with our attire. Fantastic. What are you complaining about? It was what do I do? It said, you need to work. Take all that trauma. If you're truly heartbroken, my friend, and we've all been there as men, if you're truly heartbroken, you can't sleep. That means you're gonna get in. Fantastic shake. You better hit the gym. You have nothing else to do. But stop watching YouTube. Stop emailing me. I want pictures of you in the gym. Get the fucking work. Heart rates are fantastic, my lawyer. As is depression, as is sadness. Great. Look at what's pissing you off. Make sure it never happens again. If you were jacked and rich as fuck, you probably wouldn't know.  left your ass, so get your shit to go. Join us on Patreon for no ads videos.