 First emergency meeting was 2025. Happy New Year friends and family. I think it's important that we begin this year the way we intend to carry on. So... In jail? No, not in jail. Not in jail this year. That was last year. But outside of jail, I just think it's important that we continue with the same energy. So, the feminists and your bulls... Okay. Women can't drive. And f*****d call. Your corrupt is f*****d. Yeah. The matrix of transport everyone in jail for no reason. And all of the evil propagators of matrix propaganda that ends up in endless world wars in the murders of children. And f*****d one who doesn't tell the truth. And f*****d the BBC. There's a lot of people. Wait. There's a lot of people. It's a long list. Mr. producer. He makes the best shows. Mr. producer. 2025 holes. Mr. producer. It's a gonna bring the feeling Mr. producer. 2025 emergency meetings.  So to the 2025 emergency meeting So Andrew have you heard the latest news? You're a human trafficker. You know how I know I do that because there's a loser who works for decot Right who spent two and a half years two and a half years trying to prove you're a human trafficker, right? And it didn't even go to trial He got his entire case thrown out by judges thrown out because it wasn't a Compenduous enough case to even bother having a trial. So you're currently indicted with absolutely nothing There are no charges against us anywhere in the world, but but this same loser that's called in Captain crime fire Is a captain justice He's launched a new investigation into you and this time it you're definitely human trafficker this time Oh, no, he lied for two and a half years that was all fake and it was a setup after January 6th To fuck your life up and keep us under arrest. We did prison time jail time about 4,000 perp walks  All of that was fake, but don't worry. He's now investigating you for different human trafficking and I'm sure everyone believes him this time. Captain Justice with a f**k nerdy little glasses. You're the worst thing about this. The worst thing about this bullsh** is that it's three years in. His first file was thrown out. He's now trying to get the second file and here's the worst thing. I'm hardly Mr. Inconf**kinspicuous. I stream every day. I say everything I do. I have a big mouth. I'm six foot three. I'm a hundred kilos. I'm walk around with every f**king beautiful f**king on video. You know exactly where I am. You know exactly where I do. You're three years in and can't make a case. One more do you want from me. I'm not hiding. And you still haven't gone f**king case. One more. I'm like the easiest target in the world. One more. Could you possibly want my whole life on the internet? If we were criminals, you'd be able to f**king prove it by now. Wouldn't you, Captain Justice? My whole life is on the internet. This jacket is k-  I can't even come up with a f**king criminal file. You know what? I was reading one of these hater accounts, one of these DNGs. He's famous, he's a news media outlet, but he's only got like a thousand followers to all these people or dorks. And he went, oh, well what's happening in Romania? It's really shocking. It's really shocking. They couldn't prove the facts of the case, but no, it's shocking to you, because you think I'm a human trafficker who got away with it, because the prosecutor is incompetent. It turns out he's probably quite good at his job. It's just impossible to make a case that I'm a human trafficker when I don't f**king human trafficker anybody. But you are now under investigation. He'll get you this time for sure it's real this time. Human trafficker b**king making you rich. Bro, I'm a human trafficker now. You like, I'm a human trafficker, fine. I'm a tax evader, I'm a human trafficker, it's fine. Whatever, well, you're not actually indict for human trafficking, and that's all been thrown out. No, but you don't understand. But you might be, this time. I'm gonna say it for the rest of my life. I mean, human trafficker, yeah. I mean, I might as well f**king own it. You put me in front of, yeah, whatever. When they come up to me and do that tick-tock thing, and they find me in my baguette. What's your jo-  Oh, I'm gonna say human traffic and you can you got it now take your girlfriend away run away Sell your organs and then I won't get caught Despite the pros get away seeing millions of dollars of his organizations I'm gonna ask if you want to talk to me, but we're talking about that because this year is gonna be Pivotal I believe that 2025 is gonna be life changing. I have a strong suspicion Tristan that you and I are gonna be sitting on a chair when we're old men smoking to gar surrounded by our hundreds of grandchildren because we have so many kids And they're gonna ask us what our most interesting story is and we're gonna tell them the best story of our lives And after they hear it with their eyes widened an amazement and all they're gonna say when did that happen and we're gonna say 2025 back in the summer of 25 And oh yeah 25 is gonna be one of those years and I said last year that 2024 was gonna be a crazy year So to prove that I'm always right to prove that my predictions are  are always flawless. Anyone who's followed my brand for a long time knows that I flawlessly predict the future and all things I predicted my arrest, I predicted the matrix breaking when they banned me, I predicted everything. I said, 2020 for us is gonna be crazy. I'm predicting 2025 is being the one the best years for winners and one of the worst years for losers. We're gonna talk about that later. But first, we're gonna do an entire recap of everything crazy that happened in 2024. We're gonna talk about the time vacuum. Because most of you who've been living in a time vacuum, you don't even realize, you're living with a boot on your neck and the boot that's on your neck is to constant crushing passage of time, which is marching towards your inevitable death. And soon you'll be forgotten forever. And you don't realize the boot is on your neck. So you waste your time jerking off and watching TV shows. So I'm gonna remind you of that by talking about everything that happened in 2024. You're gonna sit down and go, yeah, remember that. That wasn't so long ago and realize that entire **** year has passed. An entire year is gone. You don't get many of these. So when I talk about 2024, it's actually very exciting. You know what's funny is 2024 our first ****.  First ever emergency meeting of 2024, I said this year's motto is going to be fortune favors the prepared mind. Now I've been preparing this year as has loads of buzz students in the real world everybody in the war room, everybody is now set set now that the playing field is level America's back the world is healing. 2024 was the year to prepare fortune favors the prepared mind by the end of today's emergency meeting. We need to think of 2025's slogan. 2024 you planted the seeds, 2025 you get the crops. No, sorry, I got better one. It's better, it's more, it sounds more wise. Is that about human trafficking? 2024 you get a boner and in 2025 you f***. You know, imagine like an ancient stoic Chinese monk. In 2024 you must achieve direction. In 2025 you will f*** all the pussy with your erection. Exactly.  2020 flies for f***ing. Now, if you have them all bowed on her by now, listen, you're out of the party. I mean, if she's still trying to get it hard, it's been 10 minutes, it's getting a bit awkward. This usually doesn't happen. I'm sorry. That you should have f***ing, that's your business. Cause I'm ready to go. It's f***ing time. 2024 is for preparation. We're gonna talk about here, I'm gonna clip from our emergency meeting. This was an entire year ago. It's amazing how time flies. And we're also gonna talk about all of our amazing achievements this year. This reminds everybody at home how much work can be done in the year if you're actually a winner. So this was from the first emergency meeting of 2024 an entire year ago. You also side note, you'll probably notice here that Tristan, what? So yeah, this is a one hour told you so. Oh, I don't like your, I told you so, bro. They have to know. Do I have to stay here? Yes. I told everyone that 2024 was gonna be a,  chaotic year chaos is opportunity in fact they mean the same thing in Japanese I believe because when things are in order and everything's operating as it's supposed to operate the Broke you stay permanently broke you are enslaved and you're not supposed to ever get out so I likened it to a prison Riot explaining that the chaos is going to give it opportunity for the people inside of the jail cells to get out and live free and as long as things are Organized operating as they should you will permanently stay a broken state on nobody forever 2024 will be chaotic lots of crazy things will happen But these crazy things will provide an opportunity for people who are inside the matrix so escape the matrix I told you all and then I had a quite few messages from people who would say Andrew you're so brilliant and smart and sexy and rich and tall and gorgeous With a long Johnson why do you believe that 2024 is going to be so chaotic? No one said that no one said that you don't have that message in your inbox anywhere You sent it to yourself if anything but go on make your point you must just say why do you think 2024 is gonna suck? I believe the last line And a long Johnson  So why is 2024 gonna suck? They ask. And I explain that half the world is gonna be trying to elect leaders, which is gonna create a power struggle, power of acumen, and also perhaps I just feel like the world is more spiritually awake. I feel like we know more, I feel like the matrix is cracked. The information wall has been broken, which adds us to a new layer of spiritual warfare, a new layer of information warfare, a new layer of financial warfare, a new layer of the traditional warfare. Everything is kind of broken. It's never operated like this before. That's why it's gonna be chaotic because the internet operate a certain way up until extremely recently. And now it's being used to directly combat the information there is which would be purported by the matrix. And that is changing the reality of earth in real time on platforms like X and Rumble. And the internet operated in a certain way. And now the matrix is broken with platforms.  like X and Rumble, they are changing the way that the Matrix operates. Did I say that a year ago? Am I right? Think about how people now talk online that they couldn't only a short year ago. Think about the narratives that have collapsed in the last year. All I do is predict the future. I fucking saw this coming flawlessly. We're going to go through the news because there's a whole bunch of things that happen in 2024 that you forgot about. What else going to say Tristan about the 2024 clip? Is that back then? You used to brush your hair back thinking you were cool, like you were fucking George Michael. My hair's the same now. Oh, you can get hair cut. What a good loser. Oh, you're a loser. Did I threaten to quit last year? You're a fucking loser. Did I threaten to quit? Because I'm like quit now. What a loser. Super chats. Keep it going for the world. Fremarminian brothers. Is the daddy project over? Daddy is far from over.  In fact, the only celebrity meme coin that survived 2024 and it's continuing and it's still moving forward and it's a viable ecosystem, unlike 100% of all other celebrity meme coins. Now there was that one that was better than Daddy, that one, what was it called? Hawk Toa, that was better than your daddy coin. Yeah, the only celebrity to prove is worth. Feed the hungry, congratulations for your success. What does the feature of the real world look like, Andrew? Well, we've got a whole bunch of pans in the fire. You know what, I could tell you amazing things that are gonna come, but I'm actually at the point now where I'm become spiteful. Yeah, thank you. It's well, we'll tell the people inside next on a unfair advantage. If I said to you, if you joined the real world now, then something amazing is gonna happen. Let me make something off the top of my head. Something amazing, we're gonna get bought by Elon, for example, you'd all join. But then you join and it's like you only joined because you knew you were guaranteed gonna win and that means you're not joining because of my promise, you're joining because of something else and then I will feel like you just respected me. So we're not telling you.  I don't need your money. So you wouldn't understand because you're broke. When you're at my level, you don't need money, you don't care. So for me, it's like the people who are inside who believed in me will be rewarded. The people who do not believe in me. I'm not going to hype you up. Don't fucking join them. Can stay on the outside. If you think keeping your $49 in your bank is going to change your life more than the real world, then keep it. Yeah, we don't care anymore. If you don't have a brain, you'll join all marketing activities of ceased. I don't want you inside. We ain't going to talk to the people inside on unfair advantages about what's coming up next. Ah blah blah blah blah blah. 10-year-old kid, crypto launched a coin and pulled a rug for 30k. Is that you or someone you know? I don't know. Anyway, rug pulling is gay. And that's it. That's all those superchairs. Good. Right. So we're going to go through 2024. We need the whiteboard. Obviously, you didn't put it in here because you didn't pay a tristan. It's here. You should have said something about how I needed to have faith. Because you're a George Michael. Anyway, we're going to write down all the things that you remember from this year. And all the things you don't remember. I remember everything.  because my memory's flawless because an elephant never forgets you be honest what you remember and what you don't remember so 20 to 24 news that you've all forgotten remember you're operating at a time vacuum the boot is permanently on your neck you're running out of time to get successful because soon your life will be over you'll be dying somewhere and a bad insignificant and poor because you wasted all your time jerking off watch a TV scrolling on tick-tock reals and message your girls and Instagram would don't reply to you anymore because you're a stop these are things happening in 2024 that you probably totally forgot about and I want you to be honest Tristan let's actually be honest this dude honest experiment here because I have a feeling you forgot about a lot of these do you remember that there was a earthquake in Japan do you remember or do you not remember you remember there was an earthquake in Japan well then that on their don't when we need to remember don't remember column I have two columns this isn't this is a fruitless exercise I want to track at the end of the  how much of the stuff you remember from last year. 2024, remember, don't remember. Do you remember in Japan, in January of 2024, there was an earthquake. It was a right catastrophe. There were noodles everywhere. Soy sauce rivers. Tank, tank, tank. Because I don't remember. So you don't remember the Japan earthquake? Next. I'm lucky, bro. Imagine in Japan, imagine there's an earthquake. Go on then. Imagine in Japan, imagine there's an earthquake. I tried to see things for that way, dude. Smart, super smart. Right. I don't want to report on that, because it upsets me. This one. Do you remember that?  In January of 2024, there was an explosion in Iran that killed about 100 people during the ceremony commemorating the fourth anniversary of General Salamone, Salamanie's assassination. It was a huge explosion. Do you remember? 100 people died. State-run media in Iran are reporting that more than 100 people have been killed and many more wounded after explosions at an event honoring a prominent general. Oh, Mr. Panther, many more. I remember the explosion. Do you remember the explosion? The explosion is a terrorist attack. Do you remember? But no details have been released on who to be behind them. Do you remember that the explosion struck an event that was being held near the gravesite of General- Do you remember? The release of Epstein's documents are supposed to cause big controversy after big famous names or fan-stilist of crimes. Those close friends of the accused mode were, of course, nobody basically has been arrested and they tried to make it disappear from the media ASAP. The whole Epstein has came out. Guys, a January of year ago. People say the Epstein list, the Epstein list. This shows the-  Power of the media because they could release a list of the most famous people on the planet who've been Kids and if the media stops talking about it everyone has tick-tock brain and forgets about it in five minutes And they totally go away with it. How many of you have been arrested? None. How many times have we been arrested? 10 but these people can be on the BBC saying the list has been released and we've seen exactly The elite purdophiles are having stacks of children and Epstein's private stories. It was us So we're not gonna report on it another stories of the weather is and then it was just like yeah, I forget I forgot I forgot Pooge a little pants didn't ya Go on a minute. All right, put your pants on the list poopy pants They put their pants and they forgot the Epstein's list came out a year ago. Nobody even gives it Guys we're about a week as a 2024 All these things are happening globally around the world all of these things are happening And you're still sitting around being a jack-  doing nothing. Do you remember this one? When the South Africa bought a case to the ICJ against Israel for its genocide? Do you remember that one? Based South Africa. Based South Africa. Yeah, let's put this on the. At the United Nations Highest Court, Israel stands accused of carrying out genocide in Gaza. South Africa has filed a 84 page document. Remember that was a debate. I don't know. Just committing genocide. It claims that Israel has killed more than 17,000 Palestinians from October until the December last year. Just on December 7th, approximately one Palestinian was killed in Gaza every four minutes. Entire families have been wiped out with no remaining survivors. At the heart of South Africa's legal argument is the mass expulsion of Palestinians. 85% of the population has been forced to leave their homes. 60% of the homes in Gaza are now destroyed. And civilians following the evacuation orders were targeted by Israeli forces on  Good point there was a discussion at one point. Yeah, if it was a genocidal. I don't know if it is right to defend itself. Oh Defended so in disgusting genocide by I've seen the map of all the bombs dropped more than World War two on that tiny tiny tiny little area of land Disgusting absolutely disgusting and well, there was crazy. You know I won't shut up that's debate Because it was like what Hamas Hamas and Topia 7 our mass October 7th since then they've Killed people and invaded the West Bank. They've moved into Lebanon. There's no you have serious. There's no Hamas There this was all about your defense was Hamas October 7th, the mass October 7th. They've now invaded Everyone may border with who are not Hamas at all so Yeah, I hate to say called it, but you're on the wrong side of history Talking about talking about tiktok. Yeah, here's Morgan. Here's Morgan. Wrong side of history, mate. Good We've talked about tiktok brain. We discussed how  the Epstein list came out and nobody gave it. Take something else that's even worse TikTok brain. Gone. When this story came out, people started repeating it to me. So here's another story everyone's already forgotten about. Imagine this. Nobody on the fucking planet, nobody in England gave a single sh- about the hooties. Where, if you were to say to the average person in 2023, point on a map where the hooties are from. What is a hootie? People would have randomly guessed somewhere near Pakistan. No one had any idea that the hooties are from Yemen, what they stand for, who they are, no one had any idea. And then the news starts saying, the hooties are bad, the hooties are bad. And then the NPCs start saying, we need to bomb the hooties, they're bad. And then we bomb the hooties. And now nobody talks about them anymore. And we'll just... We'll make people all these people up. I've always been a forever one, I mean, I hope they're super- You're messing. Thank you, guys. In the UK, led other countries in an attack on the hootie military sites in Yemen. This after what they say was months of aggression in the Reds.  from the Iran-backed group. I think it's important to remember how we got here. 27 attacks against international commerce. Blah, blah, blah. You know how much you UK spent on that operation? I think it was about 2.6 million pounds. There's a bit of a deficit. They've made it up though since then. They've made about 2.6 million pounds. We'll talk about that later. We'll talk about that later. So it's very interesting that they can use the media to sile up you into caring about killing people. You've never heard of. And then once they kill some of them, they can stop talking about them and you'll forget. Have they get away with the whole atrocity? And nobody gives a sh- Nobody talks about it anymore. No one said they're going, I wonder what innocent man got blown to smithereens that day. I wonder what innocent man was out walking with his child and got blown to f- for no reason. I wonder why we did that at all. No one's even talking about it. How much did it cost? Why are pensioners cold? Why can do you, K, a bankrupt sh- toll afford to do this? Where did the money come from? No, they just turn on the media machine. Five minutes, who tees are bad, who tees are bad? Who tees-  have cooties, hooties have cooties, bomb the hooties, and the afterwards just shh. Cause I bet you know the hooties are still there exactly like they were before. But now some minutes of people are then- You haven't achieved anything. Shh. The lesson here is that the media doesn't constantly remind you about something. You don't believe it. Which is why they constantly try and remind you where human traffickers cause they're trying to slander us. But when they f**king murder people or when Epstein's list comes out, they try and make it go away as quickly as possible. And your way, Andrew, let's be fair to the mass media. So it was April, 2022 when they launched their case. We were arresting December, 2022. So it's almost three years of persecution, two years of arrest and they cover it every single day. They did in fact say there's not enough evidence this isn't going to court. They did say that. How long did they say that for? How long did they say that? I think it's like six hours? About six f***** hours. Six hours saying we're innocent and three years saying we're guilty. Six hours. Does anyone- you may have missed it. You may think I'm still on trial and that there's going to be a trial. Because you missed, you were on trial.  You had an app, you had an extended meal at a restaurant, and you've missed all the news coverage. You're ever gonna get, say, oh, well, that was a setup. I mean, Tristan's screened for two years. It's a setup, there's no evidence against me. The jump says, yeah, there's no evidence against them. Throw this away, this can't go to trial. Six hours of news. Sorry if you took a long sh- You've missed the news. But it turns out I was right the whole time. Do you remember when the democratically run country of Ukraine, which is our number one ally, killed in American citizen and custody? Oh, yeah, I remember when the American journalist, Gonzalo Lira, has reportedly died in prison in Ukraine at the age of 55. US journalist cited Lira's father, who believes his son was tortured to death over his criticism of Vladimir Zelinsky. I cannot accept the way my son has died. He was tortured, extorted, in Caminacado for eight months and 11 days, and the US embassy did nothing to help my- Give him more money. I didn't give him $2.5 billion extra dollars, like-  4 hours ago? Oh yeah, we've given them billions and billions and billions and billions and even the Ukrainian men who are being dragged to the front line aren't men who actively want to fight They're just putting brand new guns that we're paying for in the hands of unwilling volunteers They don't get smoked against the Russians and it is a tragedy. It's a human tragedy Rest of peace consul Alira. Thanks for trying to shine light on situation rule of law democratically elected cancel the elections human rights take cocaine what And bull there's no human rights to solve a scam all of its head to toe scam The only people who seem to get human rights are Ben Shapiro and his mates. Do you know remember when Ben Shapiro got caught in a tunnel? I Let me tell you something Andrew if me and you were found to have a secret tunnel network  the investigation and the light shone on what we did in those secret tunnels would be ceaseless and continuous forever. They covered that for about what? Five hours, a lengthy again. Sorry if you missed that one. If you took a turn, you missed it. Well, Ben Shapiro did some really interesting coverage on it. What he actually did is when that came out, what he did was he did this. Yeah, we got tunnels in your, but I'm asked. We gotta send you. You're gonna die. I'm gonna go die because it's a massive. And you know the, the Hamas and transgender is me. My sister's got big tits. Yeah, but my sister. You look like a geek. Imagine me, imagine me a, and small. Pick about. Pick a, plain and stick it in. Pick a, pick a struggle. January 9th. Do we're on the ninth of January? You guys have forgotten all these. We're on the  Ninth of a January and these aren't small things like an armed Ecuadorian gang takes over a TV station live on air and start Remember this? You're living in a time vacuum. You're sitting around Clip in your fingernails and scratching your balls. And there was some porn up today. Ooh, the year's gone. They walked into a TV station, took everyone hostage, started hanging people and shooting them in the Street, full-on military Operation in a country wide war only a year ago. You forgot you fought look at these dead people. They you forgot Hey, you remember that? I'm not oops. I forgot. I forgot you pooped your little panties. You've been wasting all of 2024. You're in a time vacuum The boot of the inevitable is on your neck and you're sitting there just waiting to be crushed 2020 for us should have absolutely changed your life. You should have at least gotten a boat or preparing to No, you've done nothing. We're on January 9th  Not only have you done nothing you can't even recall the events of the year the ultimate crime the ultimate disrespect to God himself Come back Remember this and remember this one this with this this set the world on fire at the time I remember this one. I'm gonna have journalist does journalism Journalist does journalism honest journalist does honest journalism The list work. I already said that we did not refuse it We're willing to leave a journalist ask some questions to a politician Support seventy two billion US dollars was provided Germany rings second then other European countries come a Dozens of billions of US dollars are going to Ukraine I think you should speedrun some of these enter just read them out Because it's not enough room on this board  and we're only in January. Okay then, how about this one, which is actually revolutionary, it's gonna change the entire world because it's amazing how quickly we get used to things. You know, when ChatGPD first came out, it was cool. And now everyone's just so immensely used to it. Like everyone's least used to it, just like ChatGPD don't care. It's only existed for like two years and everyone's completely reliant on it, completely used to it, completely over it. It's considered standard, it's just like normal. Yeah, the world owes us it now. Of course it does. So here, Sora AI came out in February of last year. This is the prompt airhead. And now we got this text to video prompt. This is only a year old. Everyone's using it now. National news. To generate in gay porn. Yeah. Well, they say everyone has something unique. This had to be filmed with cameras and people less than a year ago. Like, you know, it's quite... We took about how AI is gonna take over the world. Everyone's sitting there going, yeah, but you know, I don't really wanna learn. I don't wanna learn anything. I'll just continue down my normal job. It's over.  We're gonna be in 10 years from now. Don't be dumb enough. P-P-O-R. Listen to video. Oh, update, it's updated. Oh, no, bye. I count subdead. Speaking of porn hub, I have to give it to Logan. Me and him and I have had our disagreements, but he took a page out of my book. He learned his lesson. I made the matche the ultimate DNG. He took a page out of my book. He said, Andritate, old wise man, a bit older than me, bit wiser, been around the block. I'm gonna do the same thing and he wrecked matche and caught him on his porn hub account. To be fair, to Logan Paul, I wouldn't have thought of doing the porn hub search email thing. You did good, Logan. Logan, well done. Fair play, fair play. I'll shake your hand when I see you. Speaking of vice news. Vice media was once one of the hottest names in New Media, they just filed for bankruptcy. Broke vod. Head of a proposed deal to sell off to a consultant. Losers. It's next reward me collapse. Just a few years ago, they had a multi-billion dollar value, eight. You're broke! You're f-anor. P-  K outlast us! K outlast us! Still here! Let me give you all a lesson. Guys, never ever, I case you're ever thinking about it, although the cause was noble. Although the cause was noble, under no circumstances ever set yourself on fire because everybody just forgets. Yeah, everyone forgot. Everyone's forgotten that guy. He said that search engine thing of his name. And it's like, you're about to be a fucking idiot. Go back to your seat! Go back to your seat! Go back to your seat! Don't do that. That's actually sad to watch. It's actually, it's genuinely very sad. It's a noble call. I assume he had some mental health problems and some struggles because the veterans in the United States, as we all know, are not f***ing looked after properly because Joe Biden's too busy f***ing buying his son drugs and crack or whatever it is he does. It's incredibly sad seeing those images.  But don't do that. Don't like yourself on fire. You have to resist to the bitter end. You cannot kill yourself. You're much more useful to the cause, staying alive, working, donating money, trying to feed people out there, trying to raise, I mean, this is just not the way. Because it didn't do anything. Boycott, boycott certain people, but yeah, don't, don't. 10 or 15 years ago, if you set yourself on fire, it'd be news for a year. The fact you can set yourself on fire within three days, you don't even get to Twitter mentions, or no one even cares anymore. We all have TikTok right. It's actually incredible. Aaron Bush rules his name. Yeah, how quickly people will forget about anything in the world today. It's truly incredible. Yeah. Remember the humiliation, which, which, who's that guy who humiliated himself? Oh, to get into the Illuminati. Oh, wow. And you know what, he bought the top. And we're gonna talk about buying the top, actually, because this year a lot of people bought the top was sort of things. Oh, they bought the top. They thought Camilo is in. They thought the diddy parties were around the corner. They thought the satanic rituals were gonna get them into the butt-set squabs. That's right. Trump's gonna come and shut them down. That's right. That's right. That's right.  and say, sorry butt-sex clubs, you are over. Your days of butt-sexing with unwilling traffic kids via the Disney Corp are over. And that's what they did. They thought I want to get into the Hollywood Satanist Club to butt-sex with Disney Chikids, to butt-sex kids. Not realizing that the entire matrix is going to change and now they're universally hated as they are being exposed. They bought the top. They bought the top of being a f***ing up Satanist piece of s***. Here's John Cena humiliating himself publicly because of public, humiliation rituals extremely important to get into these clubs to prove that they own you. To prove you're subservient to them. I mean, I see far as the brown-brown dress. Why is this even funny? I'm a 50-year-old man with no kids. But no clothes on. I'm making it. Eight, bro. This isn't funny. And you know what?  He's got his Disney children but sex club card and he's about to show up and Chris Hanson's gonna be waiting there for him along with What's that Alex guy who catches pedos the big one the big guy the big dude Alex what's his name the one who says the Endword of catches pedos forgot your last name G. But I fight for kids on Twitter He's gonna be there will you turn up for the diddy but sex parties and he's gonna manhandle you to the back of his car And driving down to the police station where cash Patel is gonna get out at the FBI office and say your days of Butt sex with kids are over We don't care we don't care America's back. Don't worry John Cena. I see you. Oh We see you now mate. We see you. Oh, we see you remember they put chips and people's brain they could throw computers That's pretty revolutionary that was revolutionary Revolution is scary is I don't want I don't want to chip in my brain. I don't bring  But this all happened this year. And then I remember this. And the use cases are good. Start imagining the cursor moving. Basically, it was like using the force on the cursor. And I could get it to move wherever I wanted. Just stare somewhere in the screen and it would move where I wanted it to, which was such a wild. It just became intuitive for me to... That's incredible. It's scary. I don't want to chip in my mind. I don't want that tech to fall into the wrong hands, but... Or the wrong minds. I see you did there. Thanks. That's why I have a world-class podcast. I'm one of the best. One of the best is I've ever done it. I don't really want a chip in my brain, but we're going to get to a point in future where you have to have a chip to compete, which is very annoying. Lots of people didn't want to learn how to type, didn't want to learn how to use computers, didn't want a smartphone. Unless you're a super duper, scrooper rich before the new tech arrives, like me and Andrew.  We can resist having to use that bargain unless you're super rich like me man me and Guys in the war room Now you forgot someone someone else I didn't super rich like like who like me There's someone else who you know who's super rich Do you think I'm out? He's super attricent. He has a mega y'all he has a hundred million dollars of cars makes a hundred million dollars a year He's super duper rich. You must be just rack your brain. You got to think of Jack Sparrow Fine carry on Yeah brain chips next all this happened this year is absolutely incredible remember when this happened Ben Shapiro Okay  She's anti-Semitic. Two weeks I will be out to Israel and I will be out to Gaza and I will be able to report to you guys what it is that I actually see. But I also want to say this because it's so important. I am team God. Okay. I'm team God. Yeah, well God. I actually don't care about you. I'm not fear journalist. I actually got a mass fear. A pack. I don't fear a mass transfer. I actually fear. I actually fear is God. I think that one day we are all going to have to account. I had to fire Candace. Okay. So yeah, I remember this story. Candace, a black woman from the United States, proved she had bigger balls. And he said, every one in America who works in the media. She's anti-Semitic. She's not. She's anti-Semitic because she doesn't believe that. Everyone should just go and die for Israel and everyone should give Israel all this money and we should go to war with our empire and for Israel. Not saying anti-Semitic and transsexuals because transsexuals actually do day of Christian values. You have to get married right away. This is Ben, pick a line.  Yeah, I remember that. Ken Day's getting fired from the now failing daily wire. The now failing daily wire. Now failing daily wire, let go of the only reason most people watched any of their stuff. Including me. Who the f*** is currently subscribed to the daily wire? G'dis. Who the f*** would go wake up and go, hmm, Jewish propaganda? Oh Ben Shapiro's got 10,000 subscriptions. I don't, who the f*** is vying? Something else that happened this year, which was quite interesting. Your mate at his house rated. Homeland security agents in those bear cats. We're done the home of Sean. Why was this on the news less than our house rate? Sex trafficking. Destigation. Hmm, no, what was this on the news? For a three hour. For a three hour. Oh, my god. It was just here. Combs home in Miami. We were just hearing that his home in Miami was also searched. Fox 11 was the first to see the board to this bridge. It gives you an idea of January.  The baby oil booty band it got busted the baby oil booty bandy got busted and I'm not gonna say these guiltier not even though everyone knows He is but like I don't want to get to involve all I'll say is this He was Hmm, so so even if he's guilty or not doesn't matter look. I'm not no presumption You're at least at least so like it is what it is You know and then there's all those videos of him saying really weird, you know what's amazing about the PDD situation I'll tell him one of the secret the video of him beating the cat at woman. No, no I'll tell you something else is about the PD's go ahead. We tell everyone a story This is a short story from my childhood guys. Please sit down take a chair. Let me take a story There's once a young man called Andrew Tate and you grew up He was always a little different. He was always a lot smarter than the rest and Before the internet before these things because I'm 38 guys remember when I was 21 20 there was really no internet There's no Facebook. He had to dial up and no Twitter. Are these things existed? So I've always been the guy  Who kind of saw through the matrix even at a very young age and at 2021 I was saying to people all of these celebrities are Weirdos and everyone was an NPC they're like what do you mean is a weirdo? That's I like his songs that that's Pete That's puff daddy. That's Pete's it's usher and I was like okay, but no straight man I don't care if you're a performer or not. No straight man stands up and goes No And I was like these dudes are all funny and at the age of 20 21 everyone's like you're weird You hate celebrity why cuz he's a singer of course he does That's my meaning Maybe am I am there's something wrong with me? I just look at these people and just see them all for just I just think they're all Here and weirdos and now here we are I get spoiler alert 18 years later My retribution comes true and then when you watch it's funny because the same videos I used to watch a puff daddy back then that made me think he was a  And not just him all the celebrities. I think they're all weird Now we see the same videos watching back and we think they're weird But to me it was always obvious if you watch him talk He's like yeah daddy, you know man cool daddy, and I like to keep it sexy daddy You know daddy is sexy and to get the flowers in my hotel room get my bath run I'm sexy and he's talking to like his best friend and then he starts hugging his best friend for no reason like kissing his cheeks I'm gonna sexy daddy and I was just like this is Weird and I used to say that back Back before and remember COVID guys remember how cheap people people word or in COVID. I'm talking 15 years before COVID my daughter's sheep of people were then they're like well, he's a celebrity He's a celebrity and now it's like look at this video. It's so weird. I was like it's always been weird I've been saying this for 20 goddamn years. Should I call you mister? Do you perform the natural obligations? Do you perform the natural obligations? It's a crypto bridge talk about crypto in a second Uh, because crypto is actually very important to protect your money against inflation  speaking of inflation, every high street store going wrecked. 99 cents only stores are shutting down. The commerce based chain will close 371 stores across four states. And that includes right here in California, Arizona, Nevada and tech. 99 cents stores closed down. I can no longer buy your mom. You know what? I'm the best of the best. I took P Diddy into a bridge, into swimming in Baltimore because you're a f**king into crypto into inflation into the 99 cents stores. I I'm pretty good. I'm pretty good. I can link any subject. What's the next subject? I'm going to link it to the 99 cents stores. What's the next subject? I'm going to link it. This is actually quite hard. Okay. I'm going to link it. But you know what? Food prices are getting out of control. We're talking about inflation. The 99 cents stores closed down, which means that it's getting harder and harder to feed your family, especially if you want to eat healthy, if you want a free range chicken or some food or some meat. And that's going to even worse because we have hate.  HN1, 5-1, Antarctic bird flu. The giants of Antarctica have- When you hear about something like this, I think in the past and the present, I think in all rounds, time, it's like watching interstellar. Time for me is all at once. So when we talk about the Russian terrorists who committed that attack in the mall, you think about the attack in the mall. I think about what's happening to them now after the attack. What made them do it before the attack? Time is all at once. So when we talk about this little homo eating poo, time is all at once, and the most scary thing is this. He wasn't arrested, he wasn't put in jail. He was fired from his job, but he's still somewhere in Spain, and I would argue that he's eating more poo now than he's ever, Ian. Because you're already fired. There's no reason, now there's no reason to not eat the poo. What's stopping him? He may as well double down. I mean, it's not like there's a shortage of the stuff. So if you're in Spain walking around...  You may be within a couple hundred meters of a guy who's now been fired from the government for eating poo And as decided he's may as well double down and eat more poo than ever before. Yeah, Ola There is a poo here on the loose Somewhere in Barcelona and nobody seems to give us Find this man and put him in jail like He was he was in charge of you. He was your boss. He was your government Then they're like oh you can't be government anymore. You got call eating the poo go home Which begs the question how many of your government haven't been caught but still eat the boo So he went home to his little Spanish apartment Went inside and then he sat there sad he got fired for a few days He's like well, I've got a lot of time on my hands now, so I can make this stuff my  Maze will fix up a plate. I guess I who the fuck are these people who the living are these people? Absolutely incredible Speaking of scumbags because once again, I'm a master of transitions. Okay Israel. We're killing aid workers Surprise surprise if you're trying to starve people to death Shooting the people that feed them makes genocidal sense. It does make genocidal sense. It was an accident I don't believe you. I don't believe it was an accident. I just don't sorry Hi, we're delivering food to the people who are trying to starve to death. Can you not bomb us? We confirm we won't bomb you. Okay. This is what my truck looks like. This is where I am in my exact location We won't bomb you then they bomb you with the most accurate weapons I've ever devised  of Uncle Sam. Scumbags. Absolute fucking scumbags. Because these are good people. These are some of the world's best people. Unbelievably. The world's nicest people who deserve it less than anyone on earth. Yeah, the people who are out there in a war zone trying to feed others. Literally the world's nicest humans getting fucking obliterated by bombs. Unbelievable. Remember this, this was wild. So I gave a message to the Slovak people after Robert Fietzer got shot. Find that video. And I said, find that video. Message to the Slovak people, it's on my ex account. And I always liked him. And I like what he stood for. And as we now know, he was anti-funding Ukraine and giving weapons to Ukraine. And Slovakia, although it's a very important country with very little political power, its position is key. You need to bring weapons through Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, if you're going to get to Ukraine. Him being against the funding of the Ukraine war was a very big turd in the punchball for these globalists who want to permanently murder everybody. So by sheer coincidence, I'm sure it wasn't connected. I'm sure it was just a random coincidence. A god...  Who staged every pro-UK crane protest by the way in Slovakia and whose wife was Ukrainian who's getting a little bit of Ukrainian Puspus decided to go and blast the guy and shut him five times in the stomach however we forget something Robert Fizo is a fucking tough guy tough guy and most people didn't know who the he was Slovakia is an obscure country in the east of Europe No one knows what goes on in Slovakia. We used to live there. So we had a unique perspective However, no one knew who this guy was but now when he talks people in listen Make sure to tax on me and Andrew banning us have made us louder more important people listen to our voices more Because they know they're trying to shut us up because we got something good to say the moment Robert Fizo recovered Everyone in the world now knows his name. He's a tough guy. He didn't deserve to get shot I hope he's recovering well But all you did was amplify this guy's voice from a tiny country Europe This guy's a lion and now when he screams in Europe all you mother are listening  If he goes a hero and although you have no beard here, which is weird, you do speak Slovakian. So you'll send a message to the people. I'm gonna put it off and you can tell them what it says. And I'm very worried about the news that's coming out of Slovakia. I think Robert Fizo is a fantastic leader and for both the Slovak Republic and Europe. I thought it's a prayer with all the people of Slovakia. Best of luck to all of you. May God be with you. And I made that message on purpose because I did used to live in his country. Like I said, I learned the language kind of. People thought that was AI but...  The real Slovak knew it wasn't AI because I butchered one or two of the words. But yeah, it was really horrible for me to hear that. Especially Slovakia being such an incredibly safe country. Something like this happening there is mind blowing that this would ever happen. They've had no terrorist attacks. They let no immigrants in. But this guy was speaking out against the war in Ukraine. They fucking blasted him. But thank God he survived. Thank God he's still in charge of Slovakia. And you know, it was Victor Orban who said something very important once. They said, well, the EU's corrupt and shitty and left wing and globalists. Why don't you just leave the EU and Victor Orban, like the tough guy he is. Because he's a f**k guy. Well, by the way, stood up and said, no, no, no, no, we don't need to leave the EU. We need to take the EU back. Maybe I'm alone now. Maybe I'm the only based leader. The only nationalist. The only right winger now. But we can get more in. And you know, the tide is turning. There is a realistic scenario where in two to three years time, some of the biggest countries in Europe, along with Orban, along with Fizzo, along with people like the governments of Poland, well,  Maybe Romania has let the elections go ahead. Let's not talk too much about that, cause they'll shoot me here. But there's a future where the European Union has been taken back and is in the hands of good people. And Victor Orban was very brave to stay there as the only man under fire by everybody for all those years until other leaders came about. And now he's got Robert Fito as an ally. So God bless both of them. Absolutely, two lions of Europe, and he's right. They need to take it back, because Europe is collapsing in real time. I think my next murder to meet might be about the implosion and collapse of Europe. Discussing that, this is something that was monumentally shifting in the narratives of the matrix. This was Assange's freedom. And I'm gonna talk about this video and why I showed this particular video, cause I find it very interesting. This is Assange being freed. He's on an island in the Pacific, which is an American territory, because it was the closest American, no, sorry, it was the closest to Australia. It was the closest to Australian American core. And it's on a South Pacific island. I can't remember the name of this.  the island either. Where America has a lot of territories in the South Pacific and this is technically an American court that he's going to off the coast of Australia to finalize his release. Northern Mariana Islands. The Northern Mariana Islands. The island is a 12 years in Belmarsh for doing nothing without trial without conviction, which is a British jail because the British just cut to the Americans he was locked up for telling the truth doing his job as a journalist. He was then released and I always found this video interesting and this is the reason I'm playing it because I want you guys to understand style. The style appears a very important one. A man was arrested and held for 12 years without charge in a British jail for the crime of journalism. Then when they finally do a deal and decide to let him out, they don't just say okay you can go home now because  rule of law. They say, okay, well, you have to go to court and the court will decide. And funnily enough, the court decided to let him go because it was already all pre-decided. So I guess the judge had no playing it whatsoever. So he has to fly to this island, walk in and out of the courtroom while the judge reads the law and reads the rights under this law, this law, your rights are under this law. Okay, you can go home. What a waste of time lie. Why are you involving courts or law for a man that was locked up for 12 years without trial and without charge? There clearly is no law. Just let him go home. Open the door. Open the door. Open the door. Get him an Uber. What's the point in pretending there's any law in order at the end of this bullsh-walking the guy in and out of court and having a trial and coming to the conclusion and reading out US stature when you've ignored them all for 12 fucking years. Imagine the insult to injury. He hasn't even been in America. He's never even been there. Imagine the insult to injury after 12 years of being destroyed by the matrix treated completely unfair-  for them to sit you up there and talk about laws and why a judge has now decided under the law that you're fine When they do without the law for 12 solid years. That's a very important sign up because they did this To prove or attempt to prove to the NPCs that what they did wasn't illegal Oh, we locked them up for 12 years without trial everyone knows that's illegal But now of course this court's in judge now all the justice is He's been begging for a trial for 12 years. Oh, there's no trial But don't worry the courts and justice are now at work You on you ask you All the people who put them in jail you all the people put me in jail Fuck you too. All of you. There is no law in snakes There's no law It's made up and the fact you want to have this clown show circus at the end to pretend there is law after blatantly Proving law isn't real is actually insult to injury and that's most that's something most people didn't see about that video The upset me when I saw it the fact they're making him go in and out  the courtroom what a waste of time. Imagine literally and this is not an exaggeration. Imagine raping a girl for 12 years and then making her sign a consent form. Let's leave. What the f***? I've already been raped because I'm law. Well, I could say okay, well, no, the law, it's fine now. There's papers. Complete clown show. Still got something a little bit happier. Remember when we burnt $150 million? Yeah. And daddy is still an ongoing project. It's the only meme coin that still exists. We're launched by any celebrity. You know why? Because we just didn't sell it. It's not that hard. What you do is you make it. You burn a supply. You let people use it as an ecosystem. And you don't sp*** and rug pull everyone. Because we're not scammers like every other f***ing in the world. And it still exists. And people will be like, hey look, the daddy coin and blah blah blah. This person made money, lost money, made money, like with every ecosystem. But it's still going strong because it's just a, it's a project of passion. Project of passion is my sand castle still here. And all of yours have been washed away by the sea. When we are f***ing.  free. We're going to repump daddy to the food. But daddy's going to last forever because we're going to last as long as we're alive, daddy's alive. And when we are free, daddy tour is going to take place. And we're going to repump it to all time highs. So you can accumulate now if you believe in us or you cannot, if you don't, we don't give a f**king mad at us. Same as the real world. Doesn't matter to us. We know what we've got planned. We know what's coming. We know things you do not know. We have inside information. And it is our primary objective and all things to own the ecosystem, to own the mind share of the populace. And for that reason, because we want to conquer crypto, daddy coins go into the moon. We've done a fantastic job considering the amount of pressure and b***** were under with all this legal garbage. And once we are free, once we are released, daddy coin is one of our primary projects. And this was a few months ago when you and I decided to burn our supply worth at the time, $150 million American dollars. And we could have just robbed everyone, stripped out the liquidity, cashed out millions, disappeared. And we said, oh, fire. Could it on a hailing well to walk away with 50 F?  even with liquidity, we're gonna walk away 50 million. But instead we burn it all because we're true believers. And have we rugged? No, will we ever? No, well I can't. I don't have any. Believe in Tates. I'm gonna be very, very rich. I'm gonna talk about that later on as well with the crypto coin to the real world. Other things coming up. Do you remember when South Korea tried to send a delivery to Spain but accidentally got to? Yes, I remember this. North Korea tried to send a delivery to Spain. There was a Spanish politician who ordered some North Korean delicacy, but it got lost in the wind. It went to South Korea. How is it in the news? North Korea is back on their BS literally. North Korea is sending balloons that have attached poo and trash over the border into South Korea. I should not be laughing. This is terrible. So South Korea has been forever now sending anti-North Korea pamphlets over the board of South Korea has decided to retaliate with back.  of poo that come from the sky. I like how it looks like a heart. Is this something sweet and kind, but then now what's worse than love bombing? Pooh bombing. We're supposed to go to that guy's house in Spain, but unfortunately got lost in which is soul. Yeah. It's a diplomatic bag. This is something nobody forgot, and this is one of the most epic events of the year, which was Trump. They tried to kill Trump getting blasted. The fuck a in bullet, and he got up and he said fight, fight, fight. What a f***ing hero. It doesn't get better than that. Let me get my shoes. You know what? America's back. You're back soon. Yeah. Yeah. Donald Trump. Yeah. Elon Musk. Yeah. Twitter. Yeah. Rumble. Yeah.  You know what's amazing guys, please analyze we're being professionals here. I think with the professional mind They tried to assassinate Donald Trump. He got shot in the ear. He fell down He got up and showed he was unafraid and prepared to die for his country and said fight fight fight and people still voted for Kamala Who has done nothing? How can your functioning mind choose a bimbo surrounded by Over a man who takes a bullet and gets up and says fight fight fight to take back the country How can any sane adult then sit there and go but I like Kamala's abortion policies Are you Retarded yes, it doesn't even make sense can't abort my Trump they tried there's no Way a logical adult can still want Kamala to be president after seeing that it's incredible That's why we need to find out who the fuck these people are it's dangerous  It's scary. I'm believe one then they're on Twitter. Well, Trump's a mean guy. You are a an idiot. You are an idiot. Thank God he won. But the factor was anybody at all supporting Kamala makes me lose faith in humanity. Speaking of buying the top, we talked about earlier about the guy buying the top. This guy super bought the top guy. Yes, he's a guy guy. He's a guy. Oh, Trump won. I can say that. He's a guy, Tristan. He's a guy. Okay. So you're a mate. This guy bought the top. He became a trainee and came out as a trainee when being a trainee was school because all the homo's weren't charged. The homos were in the White House and the homos were on TV. A band in your woman, a band in your kid dress up like a girl. Oh, and then he got caught being a p-dote in there like messaging 12 year old picture of his dick or something. Yeah, then he got caught being a p-dote, but he got to wave with it because he's gay and they caught the top.  He bought the top of being a tranny because back then being a tranny mattered. Yeah, it was cool And it was getting cooler and he transitioned and then he got rug pulled by the damn He got rug pulled now the Republicans in charge everyone hates trannies. He's disappeared from the internet He has no future no family nobody cares about him no money sitting around and addressed depressed and checking himself with hormones Still looking like a dude. He bought the top on being a tranny when nobody gives a single About him or a stupid transition or his point of view or his garbage anymore if Satan and a wig had one He'd be all over the TV he'd be famous He'd get all these contracts all these deals all this bull and instead Trump won and the absolute opposite has happened He's ruined his life so he's lost his family lost his job lost his relevance lost his platforms lost everything And the only reason he did it so he could put a dress on and get in the butt But the top on being a What wrong timing if he would have done it four years earlier You could have enjoyed a whole Biden presidency. He probably could have gone to the White House Yeah, you could have got buffed in the Senate building like the other gay guys  I did could eat in some poo in Spain could at a great time, but no he bought at the end a rug pool by the dams Now he's sitting at home by himself eating his own poo As I was boyfriend's poo didn't even get a free trip to Spain. What a yeah He bought Zeppelin stocks right before the Hindenburg disaster didn't absolutely I don't know who's old enough to remember that I'm old I'm old Do you remember when these terrible racists stuck up for their people and their family in their country? Oh and people were mad because three little girls got blotchered to death and like eight more got Stab I'm gonna be pissed. I'm gonna get pissed. Oh, I'm pissed Okay, so let me get this straight I don't give a What your political ideology is far right thugs far right thugs I don't care if you're far right far left if I were a Fucking communist I'd be furious that children were stabbed  You got a North Korea, a communist regime, and stab kids, they will be pissed. Being mad at kids being stabbed doesn't actually make you politically far right or far left at all. Has anyone asked these people who they voted for? What their political ideologies are? Everyone's a far right thug though, far right thugs because kids got murdered. And they went to jail for tweeting about it, for tweeting misinformation about it. Yeah, some newspapers reported that he was maybe a Muslim, maybe he wasn't a Muslim, maybe he was this, maybe he wasn't that. I tell you what he was, he was a Rwandan and his dad came from a country that just committed a massive massacre with knives over to England and then his boy was going to grow normal. Why did you let his father in? Oh, they just put you in each other, everyone in in Rwandan just killed each other with knives. Some of them want to come to England, let's let them in.  Absolute clowns. You know what? In fact, no, I'll go a bit further. I'm sick of people talking about it's Ertie W.A. to immigration, racist, racist, racist, that well white people in England commit crimes too, but let me break it down in the most simple way possible. Let's pretend the population of England is 100 people, okay? Maybe ten of them are criminals, maybe ten of them are murderers, maybe ten of them are rapists. You can't stop all all crimes from a native population committing crimes amongst our own people. You can't stop criminals. We need to put them in jail. We need to bring them to justice. But let me tell you something. If the population of England is 100 people and 10 people are murderers and psychopaths, they commit their crimes and they should go to prison. Absolutely. I'm not justifying at all, but I'm telling you, if you increase the population of England by 100 more, right? And only one of the new people who comes is a murderer on a right path and a psychopath or a terrorist. Then you should have let zero of them in because the life of one native citizen is  not worth trying to be the f***ing nice guy. So when people say, well, violence against women, only 38% of crimes against women and rapes were committed by refugees. So white people to shut up, because you could reduce the number by 38% immediately by not letting them f***ing in the first place. Forders who commit crimes need the death sentence or they need to f***ing go. And if you don't know who they are and you don't know they have a criminal pass, or you don't know they took part in the f***ing or abandoned genocide and are raising a family to be psychos like them, you don't f***ing let them in at all. Be like Poland. Absolutely, perfectly said. A native population there will be a certain percentage of it which commit crimes that cannot be avoided. However, you can avoid letting people in who commit crimes. It's like saying, here's 10 chocolate bars to her poison. Do you want to eat one? What kind of f***ing retard will go? Well, only 20% of them kill people. So I guess the other 80% are fine. Everyone should just hand out to chocolate bars. No.  I said to you that 20% of these 10 chocolate bars are poisonous, you wouldn't hand them out to 10 random people because you understand that if summer poisonous, none can be eaten because it's impossible to know which ones are poisonous and it's exactly the same with letting and who do not respect British life, do not respect British culture, do not respect the sanctity of life at all. And that doesn't make you racist, it makes you very sensible because they're not adding very much to the country but they're certainly taking things away like three little girls lives. And when you talk about this, you face criminal convictions like we are. A bunch of people are now rotting in jail for telling the truth but in England if you walk around committing crime, most of them are the police don't even show up. One of them killed himself, grandfather, 67 years old. Absolutely disgusting. And the media, the BBC, all of them are complicit in this by trying to paint the people who are concerned that their country no longer looks like the country they remember. The people around them don't speak the same languages then. The people around them they have no affinity to. They're afraid to walk the streets at night and three little girls got stabbed to death.  The media saying those are the bad ones, not the ones who are committing the crime, they're the bad ones because they're far right thugs. The same media, which is run by a bunch of fucking pedophiles. The same media, which is run by pedos, which is slandering us all day, while committing sexual crimes, I mean, found guilty of them themselves. Unbelieve, remember this dip- Oh wait, so- so- okay, so the people with mean tweets- and I get it, you're mad. You're shouting things at the police. Maybe the things you're shouting are racist. Maybe the things you're shouting, I mean, three little girls died. We could forgive a few f-ing words, people were pissed, alright? People were pissed, but so I assume this pedophile got what, equal jail time, double the jail time at least? Oh no, he didn't go jail. He didn't go to jail? Oh no, he didn't go jail. Because what you have to understand is child porn, child porn, we need to delete the word child porn from the vocabulary. These children are not porn stars. He facilitates facilitated the rape of kids. Kids got raped because there is a market for it, because people are paying for it.  People like him who had images of children being raped footage of children being raped on his phone and while you had some images of child porn Suspended sentences and all porn stars are they she went would she piece a You should be in jail with all the family men who've gone to jail for financial fraud So they can fuck you up and he's the one saying that we were sexual crime. Oh, do you remember him? Andrew Tristot are dangerous to young men Young boys go raped because you bought the images you come I'm the danger to young men. What's up? Did a new push-ups? clown world that's why England is so is fallen so heavily It's truly disgusting and the fact that they try and breed out of the native population any kind of masculine essence of resistance They've tried so hard to shut up one down and teach them a lesson for standing up for the murder of three innocent little girls And the most disgusting thing about all of this is that nothing has changed. There's been no public inquiry both show up every day both show up every day  No inquiry to discuss how we stop stabbings. There's no inquiry to discover where this person came from. No crackdown. There's no crackdown. There's no security implementation at schools. There is no new laws. All they did was lock up the people who talk about it. And they let it keep happening. There is a new law. There is a new law to be fair. The new law is let violent offenders out of jail early so we could fill it up with the people who post on Facebook. That's the new law. That's their solution. That's the solution. They let a whole bunch of criminals out so they can fill it up with the people who talk about this. And they passed no laws to protect children at all. There's no inquiry about it. No one wants to talk about it. And if you ask these pieces of shit currently in charge of the UK government labor, you ask Jess Phillips. Look at her face. You can see on her face, she's dumb. You can just see that she's thick as... And she's standing there and doesn't give... About your children. Doesn't give a f*** about the safety of the population. All she's doing is standing around trying to lock up anybody who talks about how it nepches. And people are evil. And people are evil. And then David Lamby, that f***.  That's goofy cunt who has a low IQ. Won't shut the f*** up about Putin and Russia. Let me explain something to you, David Lamy. Not a single f***ing person in England cares about Vladimir Putin. Do you understand that? Their kids are being murdered. New cunts are showing up every single day who commit crimes. And what percentage of those people show up are Russian? Zero. Shut the f*** up about Putin, David Lamy. Do something about your f***ing towns and say he's in England, you thick cunt. Nobody gives a f*** about sending money to Ukraine. If you were to say to every single person in England, do you want to send money to Ukraine or give the money to old age pensioners who have lost their winter allowance or secure schools or our children are safe from the psychos we allow in by boat who we don't know they are, military age males or hire more police officers so we could take our f***ing cities back. Nobody would choose to do this Ukraine Putin more. And that's all he talks about because he's a globalist piece of s*** who is owned. Like the conservatives were as well that hold two party system, two f***s.  part is owned by the same interests which are interested in doing destroying the UK economy and destroying the UK fabric. It's absolutely disgusting. Truly the fact that any of these people, any of these people who are outraged at the death of little girls are in jail is one of the most heinous miscarriages of justice on modern times. Truly disgusting. And most people have forgotten about it already. Never forget. I don't care if you know what, because you can get mad and people are going to tweet me. Oh, he said this. He said that. He said this. I'm half black. If someone black stabbed little girls and some people are angry and they're marching the streets using the N word, let me just say justified outrage. Oh, I'll forgive your bad language. I'm not going to put you in prison. Your pissed because little girls were murdered. I don't care if you insult people of color, race, religion, whatever. You didn't do anything violent. People are going to send me their words and be like, but who said this? They shouldn't be in jail. They were pissed. I'm pissed now. Absolutely.  But instead of fixing anything important, what they do is they hold the Olympics and they make sure that Trannies, once again, for some reason before Trump won, Trannies were very, very important. Trannies were everywhere. Trannies were the most important thing in the world and any kind of cultural event had to have a tranny in it for some reason. Every single thing that happened, there was a tranny. Got a coffee at Starbucks, Tranny. Took a piss, a tranny holds your dick. Go to the car wash, there's a tranny stand in there, just waving at you. Hi Tranny, Olympics, Tranny, there's a concert tranny, presidential election, there's a tranny. The kids schools, Tranny, you couldn't get away from these people. They were f**king everywhere. There's a tranny everywhere. Now we have the Olympic torch in Paris and for some reason I can't possibly fathom with my brilliant mind how you can make the connotation and connection between Trannies and sports. I don't think there was a single transgender athlete. Maybe there was. Tranny, for some reason was evolved into the biggest sport in history with the torch. She's never been an athlete. She's never f**king.  competed, she's never done anything, doesn't have a gold medal, achieved nothing in her life, but for some reason there had to be a tranny. And who protested this at the French Embassy? You, a Muslim British man, and me. Wild. Absolutely wild. And then even worse than that, there was the opening ceremony where they desecrated Jesus Christ. Last supper. Last supper was desecrated once again with tranny bulls, a bunch of trannies, little kids, pedophilia, and mocking Jesus Christ. Why? I can't tell you why. There is no reason why. For some reason there had to be trannies and they had to mock God. The only possible reason is because their satanous pieces of sh- which are trying to destroy the fabric of society. That's the only possible reason. But-  I don't understand why they had to have a tranny and everything. Even here if you watched this video closely, watch the man in black. Look at the throat slitting gesture he makes next to this little girl. Watch this. Why? Why are you throat slitting next to a little girl? Look at the man in the black jacket. Unless you want to act like I don't know, kill him. Say it in this pedophile. The people of pen cannot come fast enough. The people are praying for you, Marine Le Pen. Absolutely. I don't think, actually, just take a second. I don't think most people realize the cloud we've escaped. The last four years we lived under were the most evil, heinous years. People going to jail for sticking up for little girls who were stabbed in the street by people who shouldn't even be in the country. Jesus Christ mocked openly, transsexuals, and every single possible event TV show Netflix, you've found out that the world is in a bad mood. The game at Cultural Event.  Every single thing that happened had to have gays and transsexuals in it, nobody knows why. Trying to chop your children's balls off. They came for everybody. We just escaped a very dark period of history and it was extremely close because they killed Trump. The reality we'd be living in right now would be a terrible one. We'd be as bad as those guys in Mothaf-f-f-bosco jail. This is disgusting. And what upset me most was the video I made after that is that nobody even cared. People complained a bit on Twitter and there was no protest. So it was down to you and I to go protest ourselves. And before we play this video, I think you should get some context about how much this nearly cost us with our personal reasons. Yes. Organizing a protest of more than five people needs a permit. Now Andrew and I at the time still had this case hanging over. Had the case that is now dismissed. If you commit any crime while on the judicial control we were under, you go straight back to jail. More than five people is a protest without a permit which is technically a crime. I was ready to be thrown in prison for doing this because I turned up with nine or ten of my friends who are good Christian men themselves and we protested out.  the French embassy. We were warned not to by lawyers and politicians and everyone important and we stood there like men ready to go to jail. We expected to be thrown in jail for this and we still did it because it was disgusting. It was absolutely disgusting with that whole French Olympic Committee young and once again I like to think in all realms of time. I think about all time frames at once. Who was the little homo who made that opening ceremony? His face was all over Twitter for a few days. What's he doing now? Where is he still in Paris? What is still in Paris eating poo somewhere? There's a little homo who desecrated Jesus Christ. Thumb the Olympic ceremony opening for no reason and he sat there with a bunch of trannies and now he's sitting around Paris eating poo. Who is he? Where is he? What's he up to next? What are his future plans? Because he's planning something else which is heinous. He must be. He's sitting around planning things that are heinous, eating poo from an heinous and I want him found. Find him. Instead, France arrests his pavle for telling the truth on telegram instead of arresting the poo here. He's a fucking  He's eating poo! He's eating poo! That's not fine dined! That's not perigian cuisine! That's not fine dining! I mean I'm not a massive fan of French food but I know it's not turd. Michelin chocolate starfish! Guys I believe you're most of you are Christians on a Muslim. Yes this is Romania, it's mostly the most Christian country in Europe. You cannot allow them to desecrate something as important as the last supper. We're transsexuals and little children, pedophilia. There has to be a point you stand up to your beliefs. If you have something in life and you don't stand up for it, it won't want last. If you have a house you don't maintain it, it will fall down. Business you don't work, it's gone. Relationship you don't take care of or shall leave you. It's the same with religion. If you Christians don't start standing up for things, when they mock you publicly and openly you'll have no religion left. It doesn't matter, it's a matter of time. Especially now Romania and all these other countries have opened the border. Millions of people who come here are not Christian and if you don't say this is a Christian country.  You respect Christianity, they won't respect it either. It's the end. And it's the man's job. It's the job of men to defend things. This is what a man is supposed to do. It's man and woman for a reason, but the man is a fighter. The man not to stand up and fight against these things. Guys, this is supposed to be the most Christian country in Europe. When they try this crap again, I expect to see you all at the next time to see wherever it is. Thank you guys. Let me tell you what I know, Andrew. Let me tell you what I know. I know that the corrupt prosecutor who's trying to put us in jail was barking orders down the phone to try and put us in jail at that moment. You know what you do? You know him. The crowd. They're doing a protest. I can't prove human trafficking, but we need to put them in jail. The ending is barking orders all around D-Cott and all around the Romanian authorities. And there were people screaming into telephones to put us in jail for that. But someone, someone because that's like...  This is not a Romanian problem. This is a few bad actors in what is actually quite a decent country filled with many decent people Someone said you know what I'm not throwing those men in jail for defending Jesus Christ This guy's a Muslim Jesus is an important prophet to him. This guy's a Christian Jesus Christ is his Lord and Savior I'm not putting these men in jail for defending Jesus Christ and someone in Romania saved us I don't know who you are, but thank you very much. I appreciate not going to jail, but I was ready This is Thomas Jolly the person who was in charge of making a ritual to open the Olympics to insult Jesus Christ and mock execute children on national television He is a little gay who is now currently in Paris eating poo if anybody sees him Can you remind him that desecrating Jesus Christ is never gonna be art? It's never gonna be interesting. It's never gonna be funny. You're not edgy. You're a little poo-ier. It's disgusting. I think he's in Spain right now It's a vacation. He's got a South Korea next. Right? There's a free free banquet Free for all you can eat buffet These people are disgusting don't forget his face. He's  the pooey or for the rest of his life. And what he's done should reward eternal mocking, eternal damn nation, eternal ostracization. What do you do with vile? Do not let these people forget. I know we're living in a time vacuum and we forget everything happened in 2020. Don't let him get away with it. Don't let him get away with it. Absolutely, just stop. If you're French and you're the head of any committee and Marine Le Pen comes in and you're like, hmm, you know what? We're French, we're gonna do something cool. I don't know, maybe we're gonna do another reenactment of the Battle of Walter. We're gonna do something cool and he comes along. Hello, I would like to apply for the job of the big cultural event. You have to say, get the fuck out. MIRD. Pooey. Kick him out of your office. Well, I mean, I know we talked about the Southport attacks and I know that's gonna get us in jail and I know we shouldn't talk about it because to be fair though. No, I will. No, the British government have done a really good job at protecting children because now what they've done is after passing no laws at all. Okay. Here we had the record breaking day where 800 military age males who don't...  knows where they're from, from war zones, which probably have mental health issues because they've seen a lot of people die and grew up in a very violent environment have arrived on the shores of the UK and they get free hotel, free accommodation, they get to stay for free, unlimited amount of time and they're now living amongst us and your children are no longer safe, but of course if you talk about those things on the internet you will go to jail. Very interesting and we have the article here. Thank you very much. You take those. 700 things from the whole of the day a little bit earlier on. They are saying this morning that 703 migrants were detected crossing the English Channel yesterday. Now that would be the highest number on a single day since Sir Keir Starmer became Prime Minister and the third highest daily number so far this year. Where's Sir John Jarvis when you need him? Where's Nelson with the royal f***ing armada? Where's the admiral? Where's HMS victory? Where's the f***ing navy? Where's the f***ing England? Nelson would never...  of let this happen. He would have armed the 24 pounder guns and he would have sunk those bulls boats. You don't have a country if you don't have a border. You don't have a country if you don't have a border. Unbelievable 700 people in one day. The worst thing is we have the best natural border in the world. It's the reason we became a world superpower. We have the English channel defended by the royal navy and we can't stop inflatable dinghy. If flatable dinghy. Fill with murderers. Fill with murderers. And now your children are no longer safe. But if you talk about that, you go to jail. You do. Failed society. And as for the BBC, of course, they'll report on you going to jail, but they won't report on all the murders committed by these people. They try and hush all that. By the way, here's another person who worked for them who got caught from dogs. Another BBC reporter with  a British crocodile expert. They don't talk about the fact he had a show on the BBC. He's a crocodile expert and was jailed for sexual abuse of dogs because he was in the ass. These are the people who are in charge of the media who are telling you that you should you're a far right thug for wanting your children alive. If you don't want your children dead, you're a far right thug. Unf...real. Unf...real. Social life out of BBC. And here we are. Even when even as the riots are ongoing because people realize there's no political solution, it doesn't matter if you vote for labor, it doesn't matter if you vote for conservative, they're the same shit side of the same coin. They won't stop people coming into country, they won't protect your children, they won't take positive action, they won't do anything to prevent murder of little girls on the streets of the UK, a formerly brilliant country. So when people finally have had enough because all democratic solutions have failed and they start to protest, which is their right, they start to protest which is their right.  They're attacked and locked in jail. So here we are, having the mainstream media pretending that these people had no justification for what they did and they shouldn't even be mad. I'm joined by Matthew Thompson now to talk through this. So Matthew, the last point there is crucial, isn't it? Some people might be sharing simply to warn their friends, but it could be considered an offense because they're amplifying this. Absolutely, and that's the key message is that however you think you're acting innocently on social media, whatever platform it is, you're just sharing something for whatever reason, that could potentially be a criminal offense. And look, it's a criminal offense to share something we don't like potentially off, off. Yeah, I'm going to keep sharing it. And you know what, you know what, put me in jail. I'm an American citizen and I'm guaranteed the right of some free speech by my constitution, and you could suck my dick. I'm not in England and I'm posting things on an American website from outside the territory of England using my God-given First Amendment of Mike.  Constitution and you can f**k off. If you're gonna put me in jail, put me in jail, I'm not scared of jail. This scumbag then goes on the news to talk about new laws for locking up people who tweet But no new laws to protect little girls from getting stabbed to death not single one. Crime is crime and so to that end, I Can announce today that following this meeting we will establish a national capability across police forces to tackle violent disorder These thugs of mobile they move from community to community shut the f**k up Fixed shut the f**k up shut the f**k up and save little girls from getting stabbed instead of trying to arrest the people who highlight the problem You want our rest the person who highlights the problem as opposed to fix the problem itself and as I said I don't want the problem to go away. I don't care what they said. I don't care what they shouted. They were Angry I'd be angry too. I'm angry right now. Absolutely disgusting. All of our Western nations are failing in real time France arrests Pavill the owner of telegram because they don't allow him  to have a backdoor access to get everybody's IP to arrest you for thought crimes. So Pavlo goes to jail while Pooey urs roamed the streets freely. The founder of the Dubai-based messaging platform Telegram just arrested in Paris this weekend over content moderation policies. The app has long faced scrutiny for enabling cyber criminals and extremism. Oh, it faced scrutiny for extremism. Oh, is he even poo extreme? Is he even pooping dogs? Yeah, is he having sex with little boys and filming it? Because that's pretty extreme. Is mocking Jesus Christ on the Olympic ceremony? Would that be considered extreme? Would it either those things that nobody went to jail for, be considered extreme? Because Pavlo went to jail. But if you have sex with little boys, or if you stab little girls, or if you talk about it, or if you eat poo, or if you decide to insult Jesus Christ to the entire world, that's all fine. But if you don't let them have a backdoor into Telegram, so they can arrest anybody who complains about it privately to their friends, you're a criminal. Get f**k off. After we set all these things on the internet, after we made it...  the matrix works now unfair all this oh your mates show no guess what they did they rated our house again through us and jail and stole our stuff a corrupt Romania is as though the world doesn't know that now all you've done is make yourself look like a corrupt backwards third rate kangaroo bull let me let me corrupt let me correct that what the prosecutors in my case have done romanians good romanians is make all of you look like corrupt communist losers this guy has ruined your international reputation you think any business people the influencer gonna come and move here and live a nice life now zero percent chance we were the canary in the coal mine we thought we just move here and live a nice law abiding life and look what they did to us you can forget about foreign investment they stole all of our stuff through us in jail for 24 hours and they tried to get a court to hold us back in jail without trial and the judge let us go after 24 hours and this was my speech god bless the judge you are okay  Oh, our free, free, free. Listen, I'm going to say something to everybody. Listen to me. I moved from Romania 10 years ago and I found an amazing country for the beautiful people and I told the whole world about Romania. If you mentioned the name Romania anywhere in the world, they'll say, and you think it's there, it's there. I've done nothing but promoted countries. I've done nothing but say fantastic things about Romania and the streets. And when I did this, people would say to me, if Romania is so nice, it was so safe, it's so beautiful. Why is it such a bad reputation? I said, well, there's probably a few bad actors, a few bad people who destroy the entire reputation. Like the few fools at decal, which just came along and told us that the mothers of our children are somehow human trapping. I've been nice, I've been patient, I've played the game, I've respected the judiciary, I've gone to every appointment on time. But they bust in my house again. And now I've come along saying those 35 victims, you know all 30 of those girls, 30 of them have statements in our defense. But what are you saying we've done?  Absolutely nothing wrong two up to two more of the mothers of our children and two more never even did to Romania They've even been here. They just found random girls We knew in other countries and made them sign pieces of paper. This is a set up. It's absolutely disgusting Fair play to that judge who saw through the book Let us free and also one more thing the media is complicit all of you are when they first threw us in jail When they first put us in there you all run around saying human trafficker None of you said where's the evidence? Where's the proof? Where's the picture? Where's the videos? Non three years later they do the same Go and you're all sitting there going human trafficking. I'm all human traffickers clearly if you human traffic someone There is evidence this is a set up it to stitch up the three prosecutors that decal in my house I said why are you here? There's no case. They said there's a case if we make one this is a Set up all of it is This is why We just set up and it's done purpose and  that is designed to come up with the most heinous possible crisis, slander our name. And every single Romanian citizen should be disgusted that they are spending millions of euros wasting their time out of an innocent men and jail instead of fixing the roads, fixing the hospitals, fixing this country of a beautiful country for a beautiful people and three idiots and decal have f***** everything. Ask for money laundering, share all approach that money laundering, no problem. Supposedly we're money laundering because we buy luxury goods and we try and hide that money. We buy luxury goods for other people and hide our money. If you buy your girlfriend a handbag in Romania, they charge you with f***** money laundering. This is disgusting. This is disgusting. We have children. This is disgusting. Thank you. How's that working out, by the way, that case, Romania? Prosecutors, how's that working out for you? Oh, the judge said it's not even worth a trial. Alright, thanks for wasting two and a half years of my life. But this is happening all across the western world. No, the Irish t*****.  is gone to jail. Enoch Powell. Tell the story of Enoch. Well, the story of Enoch Powell is this. Enoch Powell refuses to call a boy a girl in his school. He's a teacher and he is a Christian and he's a good man. He spends 500 days in jail, you know? Because they I kiddo the law. They I kiddo the law. They I kiddo the law to punish dissidents, to punish people who speak out against insane agendas. Oh, of course he's not in jail for saying for not saying they them. Of course he's not in jail for that. He was in jail because he wouldn't say they them and they told him to stay away from the school because he's causing emotional stress to the trans kid and he because it's his job keeps showing up to school to teach the kids science. So that's why he's violating an order on child safety and emotional distress 500 days.  days he spent in prison. 500 days they are making an example out of him to punish dissidents who don't follow the script. That's all they're f**king doing. Nothing to do with protecting kids mental health. He's trying to teach science to kids for a very low salary in his time with his life. He's doing the most important job besides maybe farming, which is educating the next generation and bringing them up to speed with all the fantastic discoveries we've made as human beings over the last 6000 years and he needs to go to jail because as a science teacher he won't say a boys or girl. Mental free and outpower. Gentlemen, I've shown you maybe 10% of the stories I had for 2024. 2024 was a very chaotic year and so many things happened that you don't even remember most of them. We all suffer from TikTok brain to some degree now. The world is moving so quickly and what scary is, although you may recollect...  Some of these stories, and there's a bunch you don't remember, is that you remember last New Year's Eve like it was yesterday. Time is flying, the world is speeding up. As AI comes into power, as computers gain more and more control, as human capital becomes less and less valuable, the world will move faster than ever before. Technological advancements will come quicker than they ever have. You'll be expected to react, to act, to do things faster than they've ever been done. The world is getting quicker, and the point of this emergency meeting was to highlight to you how quickly it's already moving, how fast you're already forgetting, how a year can disappear in the blink of an eye. It is only going to get worse. 2025 perhaps may be the best year of your life. I like to believe, after living through all of this insanity in these dark days, that better days are coming. Thank God Trump won, there are some huge plans to reform Western civilization as a whole. Light is the best disinfectant, and light is now being broadcast and shine on all of the disgusting...  horrible heinous acts that are being committed by people who have worked for the matrix for a very long time. We have hope now, which means that this is the year we must win harder than we've ever won. And it is our goal and our New Year's resolution to ensure we do exactly that. Once we regain our geographical freedom, which will happen sometime this year, the daddy world tour in conjunction with the real world will happen globally from Bangkok to Baton Rouge, Louisiana. We're going to be everywhere, meeting all of our fans, pumping daddy to the moon, controlling the crypto markets, and making sure that the real world students win monumentally because we have four short years of sanity before we run the risk of falling back into the precipice of darkness. It is for this reason that although you can be happy that the election was won, although you can be happy a good year is coming, you cannot rest on your laurels and get lazy. You must make hay while the sun shines because a rainy day is sure to come again. And last year with  Absolutely insane. It was crazy. I like to believe this year will be better, but we're only three days in. Sorry two days in not even four a hours, 36 hours in and already cyber trucks are blowing up outside of hotels with killing people and assassination attempts against the president and Elon Musk. It may be a wild ride, but if you learn to surf, you can win. Gentlemen, this is the year for winners. It's going to get harder and harder for loser to win. It's going to be easier and easier for a winner for win. So I want you guys to knuckle down, lock in and pay a lot of attention because 2025 has to be a year that we all remember filled with amazing stories. I'm pissed at those news stories, bro. I'm mad. I'm pissed. I'm pissed. I'm pissed. I'm reading all the others I have. I haven't been shown. I am pissed. Tristan. I am. I am pissed. No. I am pissed. No.  I'm pissed. Tristan, they're f**king scumbags. They're species of sh**. I am pissed. They're liars. All they do is lie and try and subjugate and destroy the masculine spirit of protection and remove the fabric of society, the very basic things that capsules functioning for so long when I haven't allowed to protect our own children. I am pissed. I'm pissed. Well, let's take this into the 2025. And although we've done a pretty good job. We've had an amazing year. To be fair. We've been a thorn in their side, but I feel like we can do more damage. Before we go, you just reminded me of something we had an amazing year. There's a tweet. I want to mention here. Let me load it up. Oh, our year recap for all the people who are like, the tastes were looked in Romania for a year. We put together a short compilation, didn't we? Of all the things we've done this year. Men, if you're honest with yourselves and you compare yourself to us, you're going to realize how bad the human.  you mentally failed and the primary objective of that is to inspire you to try harder this year. It's a few important tweets that I've tweeted in the last few days. Let's find them because we killed it this year and we've had a wonderful time. Let me find the important tweets. We have, we have this guy who has his gay sons, openly gay sons. I mean, showers, they can showers naked with them. It's very string. Every time someone hates on us, they always see their words into weird. He has a pido. Everyone hates all of sense of being a pido file. So he's a pido. And then we also have really important tweet, I tweeted. Ah, actually, this is our tweet this morning. The UK is far worse than people realize. It's the most dystopian failed state where personal safety from criminals is impossible to buy or find due to lack of armed security and you live in a perma fear of murderous criminals and the police. The theater kids in charge cry all day about misogyny, native men doing anything remotely masculine and threatened to lock you in jail for even a joke under the guise of protecting women while allowing hundreds of thousands of military age men from the f***.  third world to arrive on boats and attack women. They punished a native people for following the rules. Never ending tax increases and restrictions with police intimidation are standard practice. While those without respect for the culture or law are treated with kid gloves to avoid igniting racial tensions. Stab someone to death and you're from the third world, not your fault. You must have been angry that day, six months in jail. Tweet you're unhappy about it, locked up for years. Three little girls got stabbed to death and the video I made in response to them got me charged by the CPS and now facing extra tradition to the UK for jail. The UK foreign office has lobbied Romania to remove me for the internet. To the devastating effect I have had on young boys. I'm being touted with a charge under the terrorism act for God knows what. I guess I'll find out when I get there. Members of parliament complain about me all day and do nothing to fix the rapes, drugs or crime. Reform is needed. Not only politically, but spiritually. They scared the native man with the latest rounds of political jailing for standing up for his country. Do not go quietly.  into the night people of the UK. Nigel Farage, it's Britain's last hope. Yeah he is. And there's a lot of good people on team reform and they're the only people with any shot of winning that can bring any semblance of normality back to the island. Gentlemen, this is what a winner's year should sound like. I want you guys, if you're inside of the real world, I'm gonna launch a new product. I've just thought of this now, the top of my head, I'm gonna speak to tech after this show. We're gonna, excuse me. I'm gonna launch a new feature for the real world. I'm gonna speak to tech after this show. I'm gonna get it all built out where you can track your substantial achievements throughout 2025. And then on the first day of 2026, it will make a list like this for you. Every time you achieve something big, you write it down, you track the date, and at the end of the year, it's gonna automatically compile a list for you so you can keep track of how good of a year you've had. If you join the real world, if you pay attention, if you focus, if you work, and you fill out that, if you fill in that feature, along with doing all the work,  increasing your power level and making money, you should have a fantastic list which can rival mine at the end of this year. You have wasted 2024. If I asked you to tell me what you have done in 2024, you couldn't name more than five things and probably three of them wouldn't matter at all. But if you try hard and you focus, if you join the real world now, you can fill in the feature which we're going to launch and you could enjoy a list like this. Let me tell you how a winner's year sounds. This is everything my brother and I have achieved in 2024 alone. 65 take confidential episodes, 68 emergency meeting episodes, over 75 items launched on topg.com, three series of comic books written and launched on DNGcomics.com, 23 hyper super cars purchased, including bagadies, crunnings eggs and baganis, revolutionary fireblood supplement launched on topg.com. Here, all of the vitamins you need in one simple scoop, 10,000 percent of every single vitamin it takes disgusting because it's good for you. Our official intelligence campus added to the real world. Champions  program launched inside of the real world. Fundraiser.com is so far funded over 31 million dollars of startup companies. 140 foot luxury yacht commissioned, four digit BTC holdings achieved, escaped our second incarceration attempt. The first incarceration attempt was beaten in court. 334 trainings completed. Over 15,000 orphans fed globally via tapepledge.com. Protested in respect for Jesus outside of the French Embassy post-Olympic desecration, 18 podcasts achieving over 190 million combined views. Gave away a Trump-adorn Lamborghini to a student of the real world. Launched Daddycoin. Burr $110 million a crypto live on stream. We were convicted of tax evasion, which is the $2.6 million they spent blowing up the hoodies, I guess they wanted their money back. Held war room summit for 250 soldiers at the Romania HQ. Funded 68 other war room events globally, including Bangkok, Santiago, and La Vela and Andora. Earn over $125 million US dollars across the tape enterprises. Conglomerate. Launched Optimized Learning Center inside of the real world. It's amazing how much you can achieve if you-  actually try and you should feel deep shame if 2024 did not change your life. That's the kind of year you need to have if you want to be a winner. 2025 you should have a list which rivals ours. When we ask you at the end of 2025 what you've achieved, you should have a list which you could hold parallel to ours and not feel a deep sense of shame. Without feeling a deep sting of regret for how you have wasted your time. You've wasted 2024. All of these global events happen. You didn't even pay a f**k pension. You don't ever remember because you're too busy jerking off. 2025 could be the year to remember. You join the real world, you track your successes, and we're going to talk again exactly a year from now to see what you've achieved. I'm pissed. Bro, I'm pissed. We've had a good year though, Andrew. And you know what, 2025 is going to be an even better year. For me and you, we don't lose. It's either J. Don't bet against the tape brothers. A lot of you in 2024 are betting against us, hoping that would be  locked up forever, hoping we convicted, cases been dropped, second investigation is gonna fall apart. Betting against us is never fucking smart. Hoping we go broke, hoping something bad would happen. Hoping we wake up one day sad. I'm having the time of my fucking life. Doesn't matter if we go free or we go to jail, we're gonna have the best time of our life. You bet against me? It's one of you gonna lose. And the day we are free, Daddy is going to the f**k moon.