 First they try and cancel you. They can't call me stupid and they can't call me unsuccessful and they can't call me to things they want to call me So instead they have a semi-bad person. Then they put you in jail. If you ever have anything people are gonna come and try and take it, which is why they put you in jail in the first place I have influence and they want to take it off me. And if that doesn't work, they kill you. Everything comes to an end one day unless you die. And if you die then it doesn't matter anymore. Andrew Tate, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. Uh, why are you still alive? Well good to meet you Jack. First is Shake hands. Thank you. It's a nice morning having breakfast, nicotine and caffeine. Yes. Well I'm still alive I think because I don't think that I'm as high-profile as I previously was. Before when I was saying those things that they were gonna come for me, I was worried they were gonna skip stage two. But they're now very invested in the second stage. So trying very hard to put me in jail. I was in jail I'm out. I think as it stands I currently have eight ongoing criminal cases. Which is uh, yeah. Did they make more money in stage two? Well, when you analyze these things is quite...  interesting. If you look at, let's say the British government, they can take a prosecutor who makes 30, 40,000 a year, they can type loads of pieces of paper, they can mess with somebody who's wealthy who's going to hire a million pound a month legal team, and of course that million pound a month, 50% is tax. So they're getting half a million a month off a 30 grand a year employee, and they have all the interests of just keeping it going for as long as possible. So the UK state, I mean, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist and I have to be careful what I say I certainly know and what I pretend I don't certainly know. But let's put it this way. Romania was a proxy. They were told by Western powers to mess with me. And then even though we discussed the matrix and we talk about how things are set up, what effectively that happens is if a Western government says there's a guy in your country who want him dealt with a prosecutor will investigate that guy. They'll put together a case. It'll go to court. That's what's happened. It looks like the judiciary is semi fair here. And it's slowly being thrown away little by little.  I'm winning because I've done nothing wrong. So now the UK states like, we can't trust those darn Romanians. We'll do it. So now they've raised a bunch of charges against me and they're trying to. I said it on Rahim. I said I did one of his podcasts about six, seven months ago. I said I believe the UK is going to come for me next. I literally said the words and within a month. I don't know if I'm speaking things into reality or I'm just, I could just see the future. I'm not sure which one it is. But now the UK states trying to say I avoided tax and money laundering and blah, blah, blah. So we'll see how it all goes. Are you a citizen of the US or the UK? UK, I've got a British passport. So I actually see myself for English and American. Because the English culture is a hard one to describe. You have to grow up with it to understand it. I came to explain it to you. But there's something English inside of me. Like Americans are all friendly. Hello, the English are not that. If you see someone crash their car, it's just like, ha, ha, ha. It's like a different culture. They ain't American to be like.  UK buddy English like you can't park there so I see myself English and I do kind of miss England but recently look at Kierstarmer what he's just done locking everyone up for tweets it's getting dystopian in the western world now it's getting kind of scary so then you sit and think well where where can you live where can you move to I mean Romania was very good to me Romania has no problem with me but they're obviously not prepared to protect me if the price is high enough so then you're like okay so where do you go the world's kind of small where would you move if you had to leave America today if you'd be able to buy maybe Thailand see Dubai's good but you know what the thing I love Dubai and I love the idea of Dubai and it's great but for a couple months a year because it's a city it's like one city there's no rules to go and Dubai's full of people I do want to talk to but it's also unfortunately full of people I don't want to talk to you know like yeah there's gonna be everyone like oh all right it's like go away so um Dubai but besides Dubai which is you  obvious choice. Tartor. I don't know. If you think of any word, let me know. I'm thinking of Svalbard. You know, ever a Svalbard? No, where's that? It's a tiny island. I think it's either Danish or Norwegian territory up near the Arctic Circle. And you don't even need a passport or a visa to live there. You can just go to Svalbard and live on Svalbard. I think it's dark for like nine months a year. But maybe I'll move to Svalbard, get some Huskies, get a pet bear. Sit up there, I'm not sure. Andrew, you've greatly impacted many people, including myself. Your mission, the way you carry yourself, have significantly influenced mine and many young men's beliefs. That said, I want to dive into what truly matters to you regarding your mission. Can you elaborate on what your mission is and why it's important to you? Well, yeah, that's a very good question. The primary reason the world is in the message in today is because masculinity has been under attack for a very long time. I wouldn't say it's because I'm particularly...  good with words, I just understand that there's not a single societal ill you can name now that is not directly correlated to a decline in masculinity. We could even test it. You can name a societal ill and I'll say it's because men aren't men anymore. Men are the protectors and men are the ones who enforce boundaries and parameters. We always have been. And because that's been declining, there's been more and more encroachment on the not just a fabric of society, but even the fabric of truth. Right? Even what is a man? What is a woman? You live in LA? You know better than me, right? So objective truth is now under assault. Nobody's kids are safe from the LGBT agenda. Nobody's country is safe from unchecked migrants flooding across the border. Like nothing's safe anymore. And it's the men's job to say, no, that's enough. This is a hard parameter. We refuse to accept it. This is what men do, not women, typically. So they attack the men first. You destroy the warriors of a society before you want to conquer it. And it's my goal, I guess.  objective to just try and restore some of the typically traditionally masculine traits inside of the men of the world today. And they call that toxically masculine, which of course is a lie. It's actually such an interesting, it's so hypocritical they say toxically masculine, because if they call the police, they want a toxically masculine man. If you have to go to war, you want toxically masculine men. If you need a firefighter, you want a toxically masculine man. And then they call it all toxic and try and throw it out the window. It's so interesting how hypocritical they are. So if you will often see the more masculine a society is, the harder is to sigh up the populace because typically in a masculine patriarchal society, the men protect their women from certain ideals and they protect their women from certain degrees of brainwashing. I give you a very simple example. If you look at the COVID debacle and every household where the woman was in charge, I guarantee they were all masked up and they all took their injections because they were...  scared. They were fearful and women are easy to scare. They're easier to scare than men. So you can put it all over the news. Everyone's going to die and you can use an emotional argument because women are typically more emotional than logical and you can talk about the fact that your grandma's going to die if you don't take the injection and bubble blood. In a household run by the men, all this crap came on the news and unless he's a total pussy, he was like, you know what, just let everyone just calm down. Let's wait a few weeks, just relax before we start getting injections. Far more calm. So that's what a man's typical job has always been and we've lost that in the West now so they can come along with absolute insanity. And because there's not a male logical barrier to the emotional arguments to the propaganda to the garbage, you see the entire population being brainwashed very, very quickly. I can give you a very recent example of this. Joe Biden's the best president ever. He's not seen aisle. He's not seen aisle. Next day, he's seen aisle. He must go next day. Camila is the best. Like boom, boom, boom, they, they, they forgot that they were saying that Joe Biden was perfectly capable. Like two.  two weeks ago and nobody liked Camila, even the liberals didn't pretend to like her. And now they're all like Camila is great, Camila is great. It's like, it's incredible, but that's because no one comes along or there's no barrier to the brainwashing and a lot of people are fully slave-minded. The world makes a lot more sense when you understand there's a huge contingent of people who genuinely want to be slaves because they feel happier as a slave because they don't think. And then they don't need any personal responsibility for themselves and they don't have to blame themselves for their own failings. So they want to just be part of a system. It's like, it's kind of scary that they could do COVID all over again. They could do it all over again. A certain percentage of people have learned their lesson, but there's a huge percentage of people who have learned nothing at all. Camila's great, whatever they're supposed to do. And a lot of this comes from masculinity. I think that men as a whole, call me misogynistic, that would be terrible. This never happened before. But men as a whole, we're typically more prepared to say or do something which may...  somebody's feelings because we believe it's right than a woman. A woman would be like, ah, but feelings, feelings, feelings, and it might not be more logical. So a man can sit there and say, no, she's unfit for the job. Oh, but she's a black woman, the first one president. I don't care. She's unfit for the job. So I think masculinity solves a lot of the societal ills that the West is currently facing. We're certainly going to need it. We're going to need masculinity as the world divides into its two polar's. And we have China, Russia, and all these other countries, which are very masculine nations. And we're sitting around arguing about what a man is, what a woman is. It's interesting. So yeah, I mean, my mission, I never thought of it as a mission, but I just saw the world was such bullshit. And I saw the only answer. It was a very simple one. So I thought, okay, well, let me at least be a beacon for that. And then I kind of grew a following in this where it's going, I guess. Because because truthfully and and don't interrupt, but the whole COVID debacle was literally continue.  on men being policies. The reason COVID happened is because men are policies. That's why it happened. In the countries where they weren't policies, it didn't happen. And I can give you a very simple example. I was sitting here in a restaurant, my brother was dating a girl from Kyrgyzstan. We said, Kyrgyzstan, what's that like? And she was describing Kyrgyzstan. And we said, what was COVID like during Kyrgyzstan? Like, oh, they tried that, but within four A.A. hours, everyone said, no, I have to work. I don't care. COVID was over in three days in Kyrgyzstan because the men were like, I have to go to work, piss off. That was it. But in the West, everyone's such cowards, everyone's so scared, it managed to last for years and years. Because men are the resilience, and men are also the only ones who are ever going to be able to, when I say rebellion, I don't mean violent, but I do mean rebellion. If enough of the men, the male population disagree with an idea, then you can't enforce it. You can have an idea that none of the women agree with. You could still enforce it. Because I mean, they can cry and mow. They can make Facebook posts, stick it on a pink hat. And opinion only matters is back by violent. That's right, nobody gives a shit. But if the men refuse to listen, it's different because...  exactly you nailed it and opinion only matters is backed by violence. In fact, nothing in the world matters on the suspect by violence. A core order means nothing unless it's backed by violence. Everything in the world is violence. We have an a violent world with a whole bunch of layers on top of it. So if you don't have the propensity and capability for violence, you don't mean anything anyway, which is actually why all these people want to be slave minded in the first place because they're looking, they're sitting in a room or they're looking around and they're being told certain ideas and they understand if they disagree with those ideas, they have to defend themselves themselves and their point of view. And they don't feel capable with violence. So they're like, ah, they've said, Camel is great. If I say Camel is not great, they're going to yell at me and I'm scared of it ever even possibly getting violent because I'm incompetent. So therefore, Camel is great. So that's why they just want to take away masculinity, make a whole bunch of weak, pussy's and idiots and. And this is where a lot of the confusion comes from my message because people call me misogynistic because I talk about the masculine and feminine frames and I'm not being insulting in any way when I say a feminine, the feminine frame is the frame which allows you to be more.  As a person they see that as an insult, but it's not an insult. That's a woman super power that she's malleable and the masculine frame is no I'm not malleable. No. I'm rigid and I'm I'm obtuse and it's this way and I don't care what you say and I don't care You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. Do something. That's the masculine frame of it all Andrew I do want to get more into the 2024 election in a bit, but You said recently that you're enjoying boredom You stated fun is her mom and having less fun is more fun. Yeah, how is getting off house arrest changed your day to day? I miss house arrest. I want to go back I had no I had no pressure or stress to leave my house under house arrest now I'm off house arrest. It's a sunny day. I have all these fancy cars and so many nice places to go and have a coffee And I feel obligated to try and live my life, but on house arrest. I didn't have to worry about any of those things What is fun? I know you you live in LA your young man You tell me what's fun in the world today? What's fun? people like to go to clubs  Awful anything else? You would like to go to arrow one. Do you know what that is? No, it's like a very popular grocery store Very expensive. This is what I mean go to the grocery store Like I don't know what's fun anymore. I feel like the world's kind of the same wherever you are people often say me What's the Romania like can I say well? Yes really beautiful. It's got beautiful nature. It's got amazing history I'm like what's it like living there? Well you either go out for dinner or you stay home In LA you go out for dinner or you stay home in Tokyo you go out for dinner or you stay home Like there's nothing to do besides go out to eat or stay in your house You can go clubs and those kind of things but I'm definitely certainly passed all of that So yeah, then you have to find fun. What do I find fun? I love I love fighting I love driving because they're very active things that take my brain off work Besides I like to do my work my idea of fun is completing all my emails and you've been playing a lot of Uno recently I mean well Uno is fun now you mentioned Uno's fun, but a masculine competition is fun. I Think what's fun as a man is  Being the best at anything, right? So my girl will say to me, why do you work all the time while you do this work? I said no because I have to be the richest man on the planet. That's why I want as much money as a fossil She goes you don't you have enough money. It's like I know but it's a game. It's a video game. I want a high score Where do you find competition now? Well, I live I live with guys I live with my friends and we make sure that it's constant and endless competition because we live together So if my brother does 100 push ups I have to do 101 which for me until do 102 and then I'll do 103 and we'll just call each other names All day until thousands of push ups have been done. So I live in a very masculine environment because masculine competition drives you forward We all work together. We're all work inside of the company and we're very successful Uno of course, but uh, yeah, I don't I don't really know what's fun anymore. I feel like When I was young when I was 21-22 before the internet was such a big thing before smartphones were a thing People could be a lot more present and you could go somewhere and it could be fun But now you have access to all the world's information and you have the ability  to view any other place on the planet at the same time you're somewhere else and you have all these other people to talk to and all these things to do. I just feel like nothing's really fun anymore besides working hard or you didn't activity which is so adrenaline filled that it distracts you which is why I love driving fast cars and fighting because the only time I'm not thinking about work otherwise it's like okay I may as well. Everything else is signaling kind of yeah well if you even look at if you look at how things change when I went to clubs when I was 21 everyone was having fun. Last time I went to a club everyone was pretending to have fun for an Instagram story so they'd sit there like this and then get their phone out and go and then sit but about that like so. The fun is only for the Instagram so we're living in a world now where no one's actually trying to have fun we're trying to show everyone else how much fun we're having. Nobody's actually enjoying anything it's just a competition right of FOMO and yeah so I'm happy just to get my work done and maybe I'm starting to get old after all on 37 I'm getting old I see my kids I do my e-mail.  I train hard, maybe go for a drive to the car, maybe get a coffee. That's it. That's on house arrest. I didn't even have to do the drive in the coffee part. So it was even more peaceful, kind of mishouse arrest, kind of misjail. Maybe I should go all the way back. Regarding the current case, so Florida judge ruled that two of the victims in the case were lying about the allegations. Where's the case currently at? What does that really mean? The Florida case? Can you give us an update on the case? Yeah, so I have to be careful what I say. But basically there was American girls who started this whole debacle. We can go down the rabbit hole as to whether they were sponsored by a liberal NGO to attack us initially or if their liberal NGO came along afterwards to fund their legal bills, which seems to me more suspicious than if they weren't already set up and sent. So it's actually very scary. We can look at it and remove it from my case. It's very scary. If you're a high-profile man, if you're extremely famous and you talk against the system, if you talk for the system, then of course you can have sex with the world.  you want, you go to islands, you can do whatever you want. But if you talk against the system, at some point in the future all they need to do is find one girl and sponsor her to go and be around you. You don't need to have sexual intercourse with her, you don't need to touch her, she used to be in your vicinity or a day or two and then make crazy accusations. And they face any repercussions or false allegations. It looks like they're going to in an American court, but that puts the Romanian case in a very difficult situation, right? Because American court saying that it was all slurred by liars. But the Romanian police knew it was started by liars. I don't think the Romanian prosecutors of the police were stupid enough to actually believe in where they said, at all. They knew it was started by liars and for some reason they either saw an opportunity for personal gain or they were instructed by Western governments, we don't care it's a lie. Do your absolute best to wreck these guys. And I have to be careful what I say because I'm in a Romanian judicial process. But even when it all initially started and I first sat down with the Romanian police, they were laughing at the whole.  idea of the story. Everyone was laughing. It was all a joke. And then when I got arrested, they were like, yeah, well, you know, Miss Leifah. Like, yeah, it's not real, but, you know, whatever. Like it's just, it was a very strange scenario. So I don't know if they're like, we can get promotions out of this and some of the big get promotions. Perhaps they got the promotion because they were instructed to by Western government. There's a lot of things going on. However, if anyone thinks this is about human trafficking, they're not very smart. In the power dynamics of earth, when there's an opportunity, you take it. That's just how it works. And I guess they thought this guy has a lot of influence. He's talking against our agendas. We're trying very hard to convince men to chop their dicks off. And he's trying very hard to make sure they don't. And we have an opportunity here. We can use to wreck him and damage his influence. They so believed at least damage his life. And they did it. I guess they intended for me to be mentally broken. When I left the Jails, the solidaries confinement cell or they intended for me to go bankrupt because they tried to take all my money. They intended to do a lot of damage to me and my influence.  They have failed, but they're not done yet. So we'll see how it goes. I mean, there's never been a period in human history where you could be a king of anything and not be a war. So if you want to become monumentally famous, if you want to get larger and larger, if your podcast becomes the most famous podcast in the world, people are going to come to you and say, are you pro trans, whatever? And if you decide to say no, you need to go to sleep that night knowing there's going to be consequences for that. That's how it works in the world. There's no such thing as you get to just get big and say whatever you want. There's a reason all the celebrities all say the same thing. The soul-selling process I've explained before, but it's pretty simple. Most things are gate-capped. So if you look at, if you're a sports star, you're on a team. If you say things you're not supposed to say, you're off the team. If you're a music star, you have a producer or a record label. If you're on YouTube, right? They'll take you off YouTube. Most things are gate-capped. To become famous without gatekeepers, very unusual, which is what I managed to do because...  I wasn't on a platform they could quite easily or quickly delete me from. But when your gate kept you have certain things you're allowed to say and you're not allowed to say. And if you are, if you get famous without the gatekeeper, they try and give you one. So with me, they came along with a sponsorship deal for $50 million and they said, we're going to sponsor you. You're going to have official opinions on XYZ and we're going to need 50 mil. And I said, well, I don't need the money. When was that? That was about seven months before I was arrested, six, seven months before I was arrested. So that's 2022, I think. And I said, well, I'm unhappy with these official opinions you want me to have. And then what they do is they start doing veiled threats. They say, well, we also have the best PR teams and the best legal teams in the world. So if anything bad happens, our PR team and our lawyers can clean everything up. What they're really saying is we can use our PR team and our legal teams to wreck you. That's what they're basically saying. It's like the mafia, they used to go into someone's house or someone's store and say, someone's going to break your windows. And if you don't pay us to stop them, your windows will get broken. But basically it's them breaking the windows and you have to pay them to stop.  they're breaking the windows, but they pretend it's somebody else. So that's effectively how it works. And if you decline their money, they get pretty angry pretty quickly. And before you know what your trouble starts to begin. And I declined the money. And then it was two months after that that I was canceled. I was deleted from everything from Instagram from YouTube, et cetera. Two weeks later. Two to three weeks later, I woke up one day and there was about 400 pages. LGBT pages, primarily calling me a homophob with the same picture and the same blurb overnight. I woke up and there was like 400 of these pages all in unison. Say you must have put it in the group chat. Almphobar, and then I got deleted from everything. And they intended on that damaging my influence. It didn't work. I just moved everyone over to Rumble. So I actually took a huge percentage of their market share, would piss them off more. And then then this girl turns up and she makes false allegations and then jail comes. So yeah, it's a power struggle. And typically they want to own you. They want you to agree to some contract for some some of  money where you're going to say certain things when you're told to say them or you're not going to disagree with certain things unless you get permission. And once you do sign that contract, it goes further because once you sign those contracts, then you get invited to the parties. Once you go to the parties, and we all know what happens from there, right? You're at the party and you're talking to someone just saying hello, being friendly, whatever, or you're drinking, they're drinking, whatever. Even if you don't sleep together, they can just get you on video talking to a 17-year-old girl. They can make up the rest of the story from there, especially if she will corroborate and she will lie for them. She wants to be famous, right? So now the 17-year-old girl, she wants to be in movies. So she says, that's right. So she says, you touched my ass. Now you got the endless law fair. They'll use their PR teams to build it up and put it all over the media, they'll destroy your name, they'll destroy your reputation. So with me, they're like, okay, Andrew, the most Google man in the world is time to get rich. I was like, oh, I'm already rich. And I make my own money. I'm not an influencer with a business. I'm a businessman with influence. I make my own money. I don't need your money. Ah, but we want you to take our money, do as we say.  not talk about certain subjects, come to our parties, let us get blackmail over you, come hang around with all the A-listers, and I was like, no. I'm famous, that's fine, I'm the what most well-known man, but leave me, I'm in Romania, leave me alone. Let's talk about the other most well-known man. You tweeted a few weeks ago, the beast hazard children. For context, Ava Cris Tyson is based allegations of sexual relations with a minor, but I will say Mr. Beast has eventually denounced this hired a private investigator as taking measures against it. Oh, now he is, is he? Now, now. I mean, no, I know what you're saying. What do you think of Mr. Beast? Well, I don't know him personally, I've never met him. His videos must be entertaining, because people watch them, but I don't believe it's a coincidence that the largest YouTube channel on the planet aimed at children managed to get one of their members of staff to convert to whatever, to change gender, to convert to the insanity of transgenderism. I think that a lot of this stuff is purposeful, and the reason I know that is because you're not allowed to be the...  just channel on YouTube unless you've already signed their contracts. The things I was just describing to you, the things I was just saying. The algorithm decides which channels big or which channels small. It's not organic, it's not accidental. They can suppress you, they want to suppress you, they can put you to the front, if they want to put you to the front. The fact they let Mr. Beast become the biggest channel means they sat with him in advance and said you're going to have official opinions on XYZ. And especially if you're going to be the most famous YouTube channel on the planet, they probably want a level further and said one of you is going to transgender or transition, sorry, you're going to transition. So all the children at home can see you transition because we're going to attempt to normalize this transitioning. I mean, this is not a conspiracy theory. I say this and people go where did you come up with this conspiracy? Well, what's the conspiracy? The YouTube algorithm 100% promotes and they've allowed them to be the biggest channel. These are objective facts. They're pushing LGBT at every single avenue possible. Young people spend all their time on YouTube and the internet. They don't want legacy media anymore. So they need to reach them by this mechanism. Like you can look at all the objective.  facts and come to the simple conclusion that this was all planned. You think Mr. Beast is weak or kind of signing this deal? I think that he's done what most celebrities have done. I mean, if Mr. Beast is weak, then all celebrities are weak. But they all basically sit there and say, do I want to try and save the world or do I just want to get paid? And then I guess there's a level further to decide up what they'll say is, well, I'm not a bad person for taking the money because maybe transgenderism isn't that bad because then they haven't got a myth or a coward. So you either admit you're a coward pushing something that you don't agree with or you can pretend to agree with it. So you can either pretend to agree with it, which is what he did at the beginning. All this transphobia is so upsetting. I remember from tweeting about it. Otherwise he has to say, well, yeah, I just agree that I'm a bitch and I'm scared and I want to stay relevant. The thing is with all these celebrities, they're only relevant because they're allowed to be. Me and a few others are very unique where the matrix tries to get rid of your relevance and you're actually still relevant because you have something interesting to say. I mean, Mr. Beast, okay, cool. I've never watched many of his videos, but I believe you could get basically any  Buddy give them his budget give them his production team give them his building team give them all the things he has Build all these stupid game shows and you can put any jackass there and say yay the game show starts. Yeah Like he's eat who gives a shit about him nobody He's absolutely replaceable so if he goes against the matrix they they vanish his ass these bang next Next same with pop stars and music stars the reason they agree to this stuff is they stand up there They're given their music they're given their lyrics. They're given their two. It's all given to them go La la la la la all right cool. Yeah, let me make make this one number one manipulate all make this one number one And make this one number three and they could just get some other 18-year-old blonde like it doesn't matter. They're also irreplaceable that they know they have no They have no bargaining chips. How do you make yourself irreplaceable? Well, you make yourself irreplaceable I have at least by having a life which has been so full of struggle and unfortunate circumstance I have interesting things to talk about but these people don't want to go through that do they so they want to be famous in rich and Evan easy life  So when you when you look at the Mr. Beast debacle the fact that he allowed it all to happen and now he's gonna come along and say I can't believe the person who wants to chop their dick off is sexually weird. Oh, you can't believe that are you surprised sir? Because I never was and anyone with a brain never was and we all knew he's obviously something wrong with the guy and Now he's gonna come along and pretend that he's a good person and he's gonna find out what happened And I've seen there's a lot of other allegations coming out of sexual assault and all this crap and all this crap is coming out Well, you have a pit of degeneracy right you have a pit of degeneracy and I believe all of this was planned You can't convince me otherwise and it was an attempt to normalize transgenderism to children He played part in that and what I think Mr. Beast should do is he probably has enough money in banks and they'll come and take it So we need to find a way to hide it somewhere find a country and hide it and then he's to come out and say the truth And he used to say look why that same token Andrew wouldn't the matrix want to shut down like the allegations of Chris like wouldn't they Trying to protect absolutely. I guess they would  But there's only so much control they have, right? They tried to shut down the allegations of the vaccine killing people. But there's only so much they can do. And then eventually, it all starts to come out. And they probably suppressed it at first. And they suppressed a little bit. But it keeps coming out. It keeps coming out. It gets worse and worse. But certainly, let's put it this way. If you look at the fact that the BBC or the mainstream media have printed something negative about me every single day for four years, if Mr. Beast was against the matrix, I know that you think that they'd be talking about the largest YouTube channel aimed at children in the world with a transgender contestant or presenter, whatever he was, has been caught committing sexual assault. Shouldn't that be front page news? I mean, they barely mentioned it at the MSM. It's drama on Twitter, sure. But the MSM don't seem interested because it's part of the matrix, right? Whereas me, if I sneeze, ooh, I'm a terrible, he's a misogynist. He sneezed in a man's spaining way all over the BBC. So, you know, they're already trying to hope.  people forget. But none of this is a coincidence. And I think that Jimmy, Mr. Beast, his name's Jimmy, I believe, he should stand up and he should admit it. He should say, yeah, I was pressured into this decision and I shouldn't have done it and it was wrong. And he should be should man up and he'd get a lot of respect from people for being brave. But I guess he's scared for his own personal safety or he doesn't want to get hit with some charges for something and end up in a jail cell. So that's how it goes. This idea of trans liberation and drag celebration has bled into the recent 2024 Olympics. What do you think of the Olympic opening ceremony? Yeah, it was deliberately designed to test the resolve of the Christian nations. And when I say Christian nations, in fact, I mean the populations of Christian nations because there's not very many Christian countries left. You can't call America the Christian country anymore because they protect the pride flag more than they protect Jesus Christ. So it's not a Christian country. I think it's like they wanted to test what resolve is left because  They're trying to destroy Western values, which means you have to destroy Christianity along with it And they've been doing that for a very long time and they wanted to poke the bear and see what kind of backlash they would get they had to test their enemies defenses, so they deliberately desecrated Christ and It's so sad You know, I've been thinking about this whole LGBT thing because it's easy to clown on and we insult her all the time But I really believe that if you look at the beginnings of the LGBT propaganda movement a lot of it began with This idea that gay people were brilliant and they were being suppressed because of their sexuality and society was against them Which prevented them from adding and contributing to society So if you look at Alan Turing, I believe his name is is to the British guy who helped solve the enigma code And he was gay and they're saying because he's homosexual you could have done all these amazing things But he was homosexual held him back and well And that was the beginning of the propaganda which is fine, but they gave us this idea that they're gonna free the  gay people from their chains and they're gonna contribute to society in some way. We're gonna let them out the cage and they're gonna do all these amazing things. What have they done besides desecrate Jesus Christ, dance naked in front of our children, try and convince little kids to chop their genitals off? Like what have they achieved? Okay, they made a couple TV shows where they run around being as gay as possible. Like where's the contribution to humanity that we were promised? Because the beginning of the cyoplas, they're gonna contribute to humanity to all these amazing things. Turns out they did fuck all, they did nothing, they've determined it's society. And that is all accumulated at the Olympic opening ceremony where you see them all sit up there and insult Jesus Christ. There's no reason why you want to insult the beliefs of billions of people. Like there's no reason you're gonna do that if you're a good person. Like that's done purposefully. They want to see...  what kind of backlash they would receive. They wanted to see how damaged the psyche of society is. They were hoping that would go under the radar. They hoped they could just pull it off. Nothing would happen. And they could say, oh, look, the Christians really, truly have no bite left. They have nothing left in them. It's really interesting. What they did was similar to something that America did during World War II. Disney made like a trail of Nazi Germany. They had like Donald Duck as Hitler. They were trying to make like the Nazis seem less like scary, I guess, and kind of make a joke out of it. You think it's a similar thing here to make Christianity seem less important? Or do you think it's just a test of how much they'll back it? Yeah, I think it was a test of the Christians resolve. And yeah, it was to mock the idea of the last supper. It was to mock the idea of Jesus dying for your sins. It was just to mock and make light of the whole idea of religion. Because religions in the way of a lot of the things they want to do, right? They have things they have to attack. They have to attack masculinity because it's in the way. They have to attack religion because it's in the way.  If they come along and say we want to do XYZ, if a man doesn't say no, there's still going to be a certain populous or a percentage of the populists who are going to say no, my holy book says no. That is against God. So God's in their way. So they try and remove these things because what they're trying to do is just create a slave class of people who obey every single thing they're told, who listen to every single thing that's set on the TV, who do not use their own eyes to come up to their own objective conclusions. If they say the sky is green, they want people to go outside and look up and go, I must have my colors wrong all my life. The TV said the sky is green. And and and religions in the way of that. So they're trying to get rid of the idea of Christianity because they're trying to destroy Western society as a whole. Western society is, I guess I like to believe in many ways, to pinnacle of humanity. It's done so many amazing things. And I'm not from a Chinese background. I'm not Arabic. I'm not. I'm not from South America. So I can't speak to the benefits of their society. I can only speak to what I'm from.  from a Western society, I think they've created an amazing world. And they're trying to destroy it from the inside out. It's rotting from the inside out. And that's the saddest thing that's when you watch a country like America fall as the empire burns is that it's not just external enemies attacking America. It would actually be a lot easier to swallow if you were watching America be destroyed by external enemies while the American populist galvanized and tried their very best to resist. That would be a much easier thing to swallow than watch what is happening, which is the enemies of America truly don't have enough power to damage America, but we're suffering from this masked betrayal from the inside. And it's kind of sad to see. And Christianity is in the way, masculine is in the way, honors in the way, do is in the way, virtues in the way, there's a lot of things in the way, which are all attacked permanently. And objective truth is in the way. The idea that you can pretend a man is a woman, and you are forced to call that man a woman and forced to use their pronouns is an attack on a ...  objective truth. They don't want you to know what is right and wrong left and right up and down. Blue, red, green. No, there's no objective truth now. Everything is subjective. Everything can change depending on the day. You must ignore your own eyes. It's the final command they want. Your eyes say man, your mouth says woman because the TV said so. And that's the final level of the slave programming because then I mean, you're going to tell a lie, right? And you have to objectively prove it. That's quite difficult. If you have to say we want people to believe the sky is green. The sky is not green. Oh, well, these people use their eyes. So we now need to go out of our way to somehow turn the sky green. Yeah. But if people don't use their eyes, you don't have to do that hard part. You can just say it. It's all emotional. It's all this emotional arguments. You're like, Oh, well, we want the sky to be green. We're not going to actually change a degree. And that's too hard. We just say it's green and everyone's going to listen because everybody ignores our own eyes. So it's a war against subjective truth. That's what a lot of this transgenderism garbage is. And the reason they try and enforce it and force you to pretend men are women when they're not is because.  because they want you to ignore the realities of Earth. I argue with people all the time, they say I'm a misogynist, I say you don't even know what a woman is. If the gender's not real, how is the bigotry real? Like, do you explain to me what a woman is? And that explains to me why I'm a misogynist? It's clown world. So there's not even any objective truth left. It's scary the world we're headed to. Before we get into more global issues, you said a few years ago in a podcast that you speak about issues like Israel, Palestine, talk about your support for Donald Trump, but you don't really care about these things because they don't personally benefit you. Have you had enough success in how that your personal benefit doesn't really matter? Yeah, when I said that, I was, I think I know the podcast you're talking about. I think I know the video you're talking about. And I was trying to explain to people who are perhaps not as successful, not to get caught up in certain ideas. And the problem is, yeah, the problem is, if you get caught up in too many external ideas, you can't focus on yourself and, and,  improving your life and you can't pour from an empty cup. So let's me give an example. Let's say I was unsuccessful. I'm a I work in Starbucks and that's my life. Not to insult people working Starbucks but you know get over it. So you work at Starbucks and I am passionate about the Gaza Israel war. I should take all that passion and I should direct it towards improving myself as a man to where I'm at the point that people are gonna listen to me. So when I talk about Israel Gaza people listen because I have a voice. If you were a Starbucks you don't really have as much of a voice. So I guess the point I was trying to make is that if you improve yourself as a man then your your views and your opinions hold a lot more weight and you should perhaps do that as opposed to get caught up in trying to force an opinion or force a view when you're not necessarily that successful. So now you actually have influence so you should care about these things. Absolutely. Because I have influence. Now I mean I could argue against myself and say well you know the common man can still go protest and you can join a protest and make a difference that's true and the common man still has a degree of...  influence us to what he will accept from the government. We say the governments are in charge, well, to a degree that's true. But truthfully, it's to people who are in charge because we decide how much we accept. All the people refuse to government can't do very much at all. So I could argue against myself at that point. But I guess there's just a lot of people I met who are so ideologically involved or invested in certain things that it prevents them from growing. And I think that as a man, if you truly care about the world, you need to improve yourself first because as a man, if you're not capable, your love means nothing anyway. Right? If you can say I'm a man and I love my dog, but if you can't feed that dog and you can't home that dog and you can't afford to take that dog to the vet and you can't protect that dog, then your love means nothing. Your love as a man is directly correlated to your competence and your capabilities. So when a man who is capable loves you, it means something. A man who's incapable loves you, it means nothing at all. So if you're incapable, not necessarily important, not necessarily financially successful person, it doesn't matter what you.  feel about anything because you could be replaced and nobody gives a shit. So if you truly care about that, I guess the lesson is if you truly care about an issue as a man, the first thing you should do is you should improve yourself. If you have a woman who you truly love, instead of buying her flowers every day, you should improve yourself. If you have a town that you truly love, instead of, I don't know what you would do, instead of telling everyone how great it is, you should improve yourself and you should start a business in that town so that there's more jobs in that town. It doesn't matter what it is. Self-improvement is the answer to showing your love for anything as a man. So when I see people say, oh yeah, I really love my girlfriend or whatever, and then I look at the guy, I say, no, you don't. Because if you did, you wouldn't be sleeping so long. You wouldn't be so insignificant. You'd be trying harder in some way. You'd be doing something. You're not doing anything. You're not doing anything. You don't love anybody. This isn't really about your point, but I'm just genuinely curious. Do you tell the women you're with that you love them? Yeah. Why not? Did you ever, you step a weird thing about that? Like, some hesitancy? No, no, I'm full of love.  I'm a nice man. I think the idea of love is kind of confused, right? Because if I had a girl for a very long time, or girls, I guess we can go down that route, but love is absolutely real, but people can flate that with allowing yourself to be just respected. Like I can say to a woman, look, I love you along my heart, but if you talk to me wrong or out, and it doesn't matter if I miss you because I'm stubborn, so that's fine. Like I'm stubborn as they come. So like if I'm not gonna listen to the matrix, if they're not gonna control me and scare me, you think I'm gonna listen to you. No, I'm gonna do whatever I want. I'm gonna take care of you, and you're gonna talk to me nicely, and that's how this relationship's gonna work. I love her absolutely, but I would never put myself in a position where I'm being disrespected because I love somebody, or I'm allowing her to do whatever she wants because I love her. In fact, it's very much the opposite. When you're a man and you love, we talk about self-improvement and becoming a better version of yourself, so you can give more, that's true. But also, you improve yourself so that she respects you more, so you can lay more boundaries. Like if you love a woman, you're like, I love you, don't.  go out at night. I love you. You're not going to a club with a bunch of dudes. I love you. You're not doing it. And if she isn't listening, well, that's probably your fault because if you were more important or you were more capable or she saw more than you, then she would listen. So, perhaps you need to replace her, perhaps you need to improve yourself, whatever it is. But love is a man actually comes with a lot of parameters. Look at how a dad raises a kid. No, stop. No. The mom's like, yay, fun. And the dad's like, no, don't do this. Don't do this. These are disciplinarian, typically. So, I think the masculine realm is very much like that. Like even with my girl, sometimes I say, she's, oh, I'm really tired. I need to go to the, I'm like, you know what? I've seen how you drive when you're not tired. You're not driving. I'm sending a security team to drive you around because you're just going to crash. You're just useless, you know? And that makes me misogynistic to some women. But to the women I'm with, they love it. They're like, ah, my problems are fixed. I don't have to think. He just fixes everything for me all the time. But that's because I'm capable. Right, I can do those things. So yeah, love is real. People say it's misogynistic, but they've never had a mad actually do those things for this. You know what's interesting?  You can't be the kind of man women want you to be unless you're misogynistic. Because if you think, if you're not misogynistic in any regard and you think a woman can do everything as well as a man can, then you're going to expect her to pay half the on the bills and half on the dates and to protect herself and to take care of herself. And you're not going to ever be the gentleman prince charming she wants you to be. Women say, I want a man who pays for me and takes care of me and educates me and knows things I don't know and shows me things I've never seen, and make sure that I'm physically safe and to, okay, cool. You're describing a man who sees you as in many regards below him. You're describing a misogynist. For me to turn up and take a girl somewhere and expect her to pay half the bill, I'd expect her to have the kind of money I have. Yeah. Whereas I know she hasn't. Because the only way you get money like mine as a woman is to be with me. So I'm a misogynist. Like, you're going to be to a degree misogynistic if you're realistic. And people also confuse the other side of the equation. I'm a sanderous with certain things. There's things I don't trust men.  with. I would never drop my child off at a male only daycare. I don't trust men with children because I don't think men have the patience. I would never like the idea of to I would never choose a female pilot over a male pilot because men are calm or under pressure. And if the planes start shaking in a thunderstorm, I don't want anyone to start having an emotional breakdown. Maybe they saw an episode of Sex and the City before the one the plane and they're about to set about their acts and now they're shaking the plane. No, I don't need it. So you can call me a massage and install you on. If you're a realist, if you are a realist and you're going to see the world for what it is to a degree, you're going to have some opinions with your misogynistic. You're going to have opinions with your homophobic. You're going to have opinions with your racist. You have certain opinions about certain things. If you sit and say that there are certain places in the world where violent crime is a lot more likely to happen than in the Western world, they'll turn around to you and say, you're racist. I don't care if they're brown. I care that there's a violent society. So, but you're racist. Fine. I'm a realist. That's what I am. If you're a realist, you have to be prepared for all this.  these insults. The funny thing about these insults is that they're never given with good intention. The people who call me a misogynist don't give a shit about women. They don't give a shit about protecting women. They don't care about women's rights. They just don't like me. So it's weaponized virtue, right? They can't call me stupid and they can't call me unsuccessful and they can't call me to things they want to call me. So instead they have the same bad person. So they take this virtue and they weaponize it into a bullet and they shoot at me, but it's bullshit. They don't care about women. I spend $25 million a year on takepledge.com feeding children. They feed nobody. They've never fed a single starving little girl in their lives and then they pretend they care more about females than I do because I say women can't protect themselves and should be protected. It's all clown. I want to touch on your dynamics with women in a bit, but the 2024 US election is coming up. What outcomes are possible and which outcomes do you prefer? Well, you're going to outcome friend.  With two outcomes, we have a chance or it's over. If they manage to steal this election from Trump, it is so over. It's over for a variety of reasons. In fact, because the fact that we're not currently in a situation where Trump has a 99% approval rate shows that it's already almost over for the West, the fact that there are full grown adults who will sit there and want Kamala to girl boss her way into office. As opposed to getting one of the most competent and successful businessmen on the planet back in office, we have the most successful presidency in history ever. And we don't want him back. No, we want this girl boss who is universally hated and who's never done an interview, won't sit down. She's never told you her policy. She's never told you her intention to fix anything. She has no track record of competence, nothing but she's a girl and girl boss. So let's make her in charge.  of the most powerful military on the planet. The fact that there is a percentage of the population who want that to happen shows that it's already over. There's a lot of things you can disagree on. And you can say, well, I respect your opinion, but we disagree. If you want Camilo to win, you are an idiot. I do not respect your opinion. You're 100% stupid. You shouldn't be allowed to vote. You're genuinely dumb. Because when you even ask these people their reason, they're going to say some identity politics craft. She's a black girl. So who gives a shit if she's purple? If she's incompetent, she's incompetent. Name one thing she's ever done as VP. Name one thing she's promised to do that you actually care about. And when I've asked this question, the only answer I seem to give is about abortion, which is really amazing to me that you have people inside of America who will sit there and go, okay, we're on the verge of World War III with Israel and Gaza and Lebanon and Iran. We're on the verge of World War II.  of World War III with Russia and Ukraine, inflation's out of control, nobody can afford groceries, crime is out of control. The southern borders are wide open, drugs are out of control. There's all these things that are important, and they'll ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore, ignore. I wanna kill my baby, so I'm voting for Kamala. Like the fact that that's even your mindset shows you're a dumbass. If you want to vote for Kamala, you're an idiot. It's gonna be over for Western civilization if they steal this from Trump. For a variety of reasons. One for all the reasons I just described as regards to who her voters are and how they've managed to use the media machine to sial people into believing she's a better choice than Trump. The fact they've even managed to do that is remarkable. But secondly, it's gonna destroy all faith in democratic institutions, because America's the bedrock of democracy. And we know they steal elections now already, but there's a certain amount of people in the world who believe that they don't steal elections. Well, they're gonna see. Because if...  If they're stealing them in America, you think they're not stealing them in fucking Myanmar? You think they didn't just steal the French one when Marine Le Pen was winning, and then she blinked and she lost and McCron's back? Who the fuck likes McCron? Find me a single person on the planet who's a fan of McCron. Who marries a woman 35 years older than him? It's weird. If she's a woman at all, probably a dude. Looks like a fucking dude. So you can add some criminal charges to France for the list. So they're stealing the elections everywhere around the world. But what happens if Kamala wins the election tomorrow? Okay. So if Kamala wins the election tomorrow, it's a good question. I'm gonna feel very sorry for people. I think that it's just gonna be, we're gonna be closer and closer towards slavery. They're just gonna... Do we see riots? You think? Well, that's why they did January 6th, right? They taught everyone a lesson for January 6th. BLM, if you riot for the side of the matrix, you're allowed to riot. If you riot for the other side, even though they didn't even riot, if you peacefully protest for the other side, then you face the full force of the law. So it's gonna be very...  If Kamala wins, I think that the whole idea of Western civilization is going to accelerate in its decline. I don't think Trump can save it. I think he can slow it down. I think he's massively important for the culture. For all the things we just talked about masculinity, Trump is a masculine man. I think he's good for the culture. I think he'll have a fantastic four years. I think he can do a lot to slow things down. However, if Kamala gets in, it's going to accelerate the LGBT girl boss. Garbage bullshit, along with terrible policy, along with the people who are actually in charge of America, who won't be Kamala, raping the tax base, stealing as much money as possible, accelerating inflation. What's actually going to happen is you're going to see that as America descends into poverty, which it does. The fact that American culture is extremely thin is going to be highlighted and then is going to be, you say riots. I think mass civil unrest. I think crime will get out control and it'll be mass civil unrest because there's nothing  find the country besides the idea you can get rich. In other countries, if you go to Croatia, everybody speaks the same language. Everybody's seen the same TV shows. Everybody's grandma kind of looks the same. Everybody has this unifying factor behind them. Everyone knows the Croatian flag. Everyone learned the same history. In America, some people like the flag. Some people hate the flag. Some people think America's good. Some people think America's bad. Everyone speaks different languages. Everyone has different religion. Everyone looks different. The only thing that unifies America is we can all get rich. Well, once we realize that's not the case, as they continue to inflate the currency and steal from the tax base, crime's going to get worse and worse and worse. And now we have this insane policies on race where if you commit crime as a certain race, you're less likely to get in trouble, or they don't want to arrest you, or they don't want to show your mug shot, or give you a lean more lenient sentence. So now you have a division of the races, the Native white man in America is a second-class citizen. I say that as a brown person. The Native white person in England is a second-class citizen. So you have the natives who pay the most tax or second-class citizens, paying taxes to afford the children of people who are invading the country.  and shouldn't even be there, and out-reproducing them eight to one. The average white family has one or two kids. These migrant families have eight, nine, ten. Like, everything's collapsing. Like, it's collapsing. If Kamala wins, it's all going to be accelerated because they're going to prove that, well, what's interesting is, if Kamala wins, they prove you don't have a democratic solution to your problems. So, that puts the sensible person in a very difficult position. Then you don't have many choices left because right now, people are still coping with this voting idea. Well, vote our way out of this. Don't worry. Well, vote our way out. Once they realize that's not possible, well, then you have two choices. You run away. You have three choices. You run away. You change country. You sit there waiting to die, or you try and fix it. But unfortunately, without political solution, the only way you can fix things is violence. I mean, you have civil war. Andrew, you have a quote, uh, women aren't interested in voting. They care about Instagram likes.  and a rich man putting them on a boat. True. How does, like, do you think women actually vote in the elections? No. Do you think immigrants vote? No. So what they're doing is they're using women and illegal immigrants as a cop out for how they rig the elections. I've messaged the 50 or 60 women I know in America and asked if they're voting. Four said yes. And I asked them they ever voted before and they all said no. And all four of voting trumped by the way. I don't think women are as interested in voting as men on a whole. And I think the women who are interested in voting probably vote the same as their husbands. And their husband is probably going to be voting right. I think the reason that they push so hard, the female vote and they especially, I mean, the female, the whole female idea, people can argue with me on perhaps that's a conspiracy theory. But I'm sure the illegal immigrant parts true, but it's the same. There's no way they would get away with these bullshit policies they get through. They're the only masculine men who are voting. Everyone would know that it's set up.  right? So they say, ah, yes, Trump lost because of the female vote, which is a lie. They just say it's the female vote so they can rig it. They do it, especially with illegal immigrants. Anyone with a brain knows that anybody who snuck their way into America and shouldn't be there and has managed to cross the jungle and get into America. Now he's trying to find money to live and eat. There is no way he cares enough to go stand in line at a polling station and and cast a vote, not at large enough, enough numbers to affect the election at least. There's no way that's possible. It doesn't even make logical sense and you can sit and say, oh, no, that's not true. They'd vote dem because the dems will let them stay. They don't listen to the news and also these people don't trust the dems or anyone else. Why would they trust the dems? They don't give a shit. They're in America. They're not supposed to be there. They're trying to make money and lay low. There's no way they're waiting in lines at polling stations. They're just flooding the country with illegal immigrants so that they can rig the election. They can cast votes as many as they...  want with these fake ballots and they can say the illegal immigrants did it and we can't check them on it because they can say, ah yeah, it was an illegal immigrant with no passport and no name and that's why it happened. There's no way that they're casting their own votes. It's all just a setup. What are your events you're going to get to? I mean, I guess the most fair democratic electrical, electoral systems on the planet now are places like Venezuela. We're both sides cheat. Because you know, it's like, oh, they're cheating. We're cheating. Who cheats the best? At least to a degree, it's a competence test, right? The better team wins because they're better at cheating, the more competent government wins. But now in the west, you have one team cheating, the other team going law and order and and I guess, I mean, the Republicans don't care because they're stealing from the pot just like the Democrats are. They don't want Trump to win either. They don't only want to win if it was a leader that wouldn't that would allow them to steal. Why don't Republicans want Trump to win? Because Trump is in the way of the people who are really in charge of America being in charge of America, which are the intelligence operations and the military.  industrial complex and the banks and the media and Trump is the kind of person who stands in the way and doesn't agree with everything he's told. If you're a Camelow vote or let me ask you a simple question. When she gets office and the shadow figures call her, the people who are really in charge of the world and they say we need to do this and it's going to be bad for the American population but it's going to be good for them. It's going to enrich the rich and it's going to be bad for the normal man. You really think Camelow's going to stick up to you? You really think Camelow Harris is going to go, not on my watch. No way. Is it a girl boss? It's just a girl boss. Yeah. And she's going to risk getting bullets fired at her like they're doing it, Trump. You think she's going to risk taking a fucking bullet in the dome for you? She doesn't give a shit. She can do what Biden did. Okay. She probably even answered her phone. She probably just put a voicemail on it saying yes to whatever you want. Leave me alone. Please don't kill me. Fucking useless. And I mean, Trump will slow it down but the fact that there's still even, there shouldn't leave me a competition. It's remarkable. This is even.  in a competition that they've managed to sire up people into somehow believing that Camila is competent enough to lead a country. I wouldn't trust that I run a fucking coffee shop unbelievable. What would happen if Trump were killed tomorrow? You know what's kind of interesting about Trump's situations because you have to analyze Trump's job is to save America. Does he save America by winning the election or losing the election? Does he save America by staying alive or getting killed? Like because in different ways he does damage to the system. Trump's now I'm sure you thought about this for your own situation. Well, absolutely. This is exactly right. You get to a certain point where either way it goes, you can still damage the system. If Trump wins, he'll do his very best to save America. And we have fantastic president. He'd be a massive for the culture. If he loses, he highlights the elections aren't fair, which is still a very important lesson that a lot people at home need to learn. So either way, it's good.  If they let him live, he can run for president and and achieve one of those two things who probably build a little diagram off of this. Does Trump live? Yes. Okay. Does he win? X does he lose? Why does Trump get assassinated? Well, down there highlighting their scared of him, highlighting that the matrix and the military, Dustal Complex are real because they're prepared to assassinate people and they don't believe in elections. They don't want them to be a fair democratic choice. They'd rather fix everything with a bullet. So Trump's now at a position where he does damage to the matrix are regardless, which is. I mean, nobody wants him to die. I'm a huge fan of him. He doesn't want to be he doesn't want to be martyred. We don't want him to be martyred. That'd be terrible. But at least he's now at a position where it's win-win for him and his mission. I guess that's the ultimate goal of any man to be put in a position where if regardless of any way it goes as win-win. I'm in the same position. I'm a legend. If they let me out, I'm a legend. If they let me go. So. You spoke with Candice. When I had her on the podcast a few weeks ago, she said that the deep state was responsible for the assassination. You believe it was some loan shooter?  or oh it's never alone should rest bullshit. Some guy there's one roof in the whole area. Some dude climbed up on that roof with a long barrel gun, managed to get a bunch of shots off. Once Trump went down, because they didn't know if he was shot or eaten and out down, then he was killed. Of course he was killed, they're always killed. The guy who killed JFK, he was killed in jail. He was stabbed to death. The guy who stabbed him to death was stabbed to death. Yeah. Coincidence, right? Like of course, there's always some lone shooter. Then they sit and they bring in the head of the secret service. This bimbo sit Sarah says nothing important. Oh yeah, I trod my buzz, fire her, get rid of her. Why won't Trump say this? What? I listened to the spaces the other night. Yeah, he wouldn't say it. It's incredible. But then when you're in his position of power, sometimes you have to choose your enemies. It's like you really want to make an enemy of the secret service? It's hard. It's not easy. Even me. People think I'm outspoken. I promise, even on this podcast, there's a whole bunch of...  I want to say that I cannot say because I just won't live long enough. I mean, agencies is the one of them. Well, that's right. And you have to decide. You have to say, do I skirt or do I make? Do I take certain concessions so I can do more damage to the matrix by existing for longer? Or do I go all guns blazing for one podcast and getting a car crash on the way out? It's like it's hard. So yeah, he had to pretend that the Secret Service did a good job. When truthfully, they were incompetent. The President was shot. They failed on every level. The woman who's in charge of them should never have been in charge of them. Should have never had female officers in the first place. Now that female officer, everyone's mocking on Twitter, is now defending JD Vance. She hasn't lost a job. She's still the woman who can't find her holster. I mean, I can find my holster. Like it's unbelievable. This goes back into gender roles where we sit and say that men do good at certain things, women are good at certain things. But you know what I'd say that because that makes you misogynistic or not allowed to be objectively realistic and sit and say that a man should be in charge of the protection of the President. Show me Putin's security team. Why don't we get our Secret Service agents? Take a...  weapons, get Putin's team, take their weapons and have a let's see Russia versus America, let's fix it. Those, those Sambo experts, those Sistema experts from Russia will tear our agents apart. They won't even be a fight, it wouldn't be a competition. If you've seen Putin's bodyguards, they're killers. And we're talking about the most important man in the world and we're like, ah yeah, but you know, what's more important? Keep him safe or girl bosses, you know, what's more, we need more girl bosses. Scy is broken down to a level. It's absolutely unacceptable. It's crazy. It's truly crazy. You know what's really overused? The word need, need and want are confused. I have these arguments with people at the time with my girl, because I need a coffee. I say, don't say need. You want a coffee. Don't say need. I don't like what people say need. No, you need air. You need air and me. You don't need coffee. And you see this all the time with DEI. We need more female agents. So you want more female agents to push an agenda.  Why do we need them? If it's not to push your agenda, why do we need them? We can't get the job done with big strong men. No, we can't. All clown world. But Trump can't say it. And maybe Trump, I mean, Trump's a very smart man. I'm a huge fan of his. He probably knows a lot of things I don't know. Of course. Perhaps he's had conversations in dark rooms and they're like, look, if you want to have a chance to even win this and stay alive long enough, you'll be friends with XYZ. You can tell the truth about this, but you have to lie about this. It's just, and that doesn't make him a bad person. That's him just trying to do concessions to stay alive. I completely get it. But yeah, it was a massive failure. And it was 100% a setup. There's no way you can just climb on a roof, the only roof in the vicinity, out of rally. Why was that the first televised Trump rally ever? Very strange. I mean, but that shows how evil they are, right? They're so evil. They wanted the world to watch him get his brains blown out. They wanted you to see that clip on repeat, thousands of times of him taking a bullet into the fucking dome and half his head missing. And then...  want that to happen to teach you all a lesson for what happens when you talk against our authority. Send a MSM to get it on camera his head coming off. Unbelievable. A key to net of Satanism is showing truly evil. Truly evil. And whoever decided that whoever made that call, he's known to investigate him, no one's even talking about him anymore. Now we've now we've forgotten the assassination. It's all fixed. We fired the head of the secret service. We replaced it with some other useless idiot. The same useless officers are in charge. Whoever decided to kill Trump, who cares who that was. This guy, this one guy with no social media who barely existed on internet him. He did it. And we killed him as soon as he got all his bullets off. Fucking. He's also in a black rock commercial, but yeah, there's that. Coincidence. Oh, yeah. Coincidence. You know, it's he was in a black rock convert commercial. The three people in Mr. Beasts video, one of them want to be a tranny. These are all just coincidences. You have to be a conspiracy theorist to, you know, connect the fucking dots. What would it take to save American pollutants? Well, I think you need a competent nationalist, which is what Trump is, but it should always.  be a competition between competent nationalists. The fact that it's not a competition between competent nationalists shows a failing other system in the first place. It should be two people who are competent, who know exactly what they're doing, who both love America. That's what it should be. Instead, it's always usually, well, in recent times it's Trump, right? But so you have a competent nationalist against an incompetent person who hates America. Why is this even a competition? And that's a huge percentage of the population are not only themselves incompetent and stupid, but they also hate America. So they're living inside of America and they hate it. Go somewhere else. Leave America if it's so racist. I love to. America's racist. Fine. You say America's racist, racist. Tell me a country that's not racist. Japan's racist, China's racist, Thailand's fucking racist, Africa's racist. I've been, who to to to this that. They all look the same to people outside inside of Africa. They're super racist. Different tribes are going to war killing each other. America's one of the least racist places on the fucking planet. You're dumb if you don't realize that. Right? So yeah, I mean.  To save American politics, you need to have competent nationalists. You need to have fair elections to actually matter. The President needs to have actual power to make policy and decisions instead of the military industrial complex and the three-letter agencies and the banks and the media. We have to get the power back. But the world is cyclical, right? And democracy is a great idea that is born from the failure of having a king. You have a king and he's fantastic and he builds a nation and the nation does well. And then he has a son who's not quite as good as the original king, but he does his best. And he has another son and by then he's a spoiled little brat and he doesn't fucking pay attention and the whole thing starts to fall apart and people start to riot and say we don't want a king anymore. We want to choose our own leaders. So let's bring a democracy. So they choose our own leader and the democracy comes and they want to prove that having a king is not the right way to go and having a democracy is the correct way to run a country. So they do a fantastic job and they start to build things. And then over time the democracy degrades just like the empire or just like the royal family degrade it. And over time people start to realize that if they become and they get...  into a position of power or democracy that they don't really have to change very much. They can just steal as much as possible. And as the democracy degrades, you end up in the final stages of it, where we are now, where most people with a brain would go back to a king. Everything is cyclical. If you were to say right now, do you wanna make Trump forever leader, but like, yep, to the end. And who do you want after him, Baron Trump, yep? When they oppress conquer their oppressors, the empire often becomes weaker. Well, there you go. Yeah, there you go. So, I think most people with a brain America right now would allocate the Trump family to forever leaders. We'd say, okay, let's give us a king back for a while until they fuck it up. And then we'll go back to a democracy. Everything is cyclical. Nothing lasts forever, right? So, we're in the final stages of not only the Western Empire, but we're in the final stages of the idea of democracies now, because even the idea of the faith in the democracy has been eroded so heavily. And I guess maybe Trump's job, we're gonna have to see what God's job for Trump is. Is it his job to get into power and try and save America and be good for the masculine culture? Or is it his job to lose? So everybody realizes that elections aren't real. We're gonna see, business win win either way. What are your favorite?  What are your three favorite countries in least three favorite countries? It's difficult to answer because it's favorite for what? Because there's good and bad of everywhere. You know, because I would say Romania. OK, well, Romania is one of my favorite countries for a lot of reasons. It's highly religious. It's very safe. There's beautiful nature. There's lots to do. You can walk around. I walk around with a million dollar watch, driving a $3 million car. Nobody messes with me. Perfectly safe. Girls walk alone at night. It's all great. But then the legal system's a nightmare. I can tell you from personal experience. So there's good and bad for each place. So it's like which country has my favorite legal system? Which country has the best nature? Which country is best to visit? Because sometimes visiting a country is different than living in a country. They're all very different things. And what you'll often find, the true red pill of it all, is that there's no light without dark. So all of the things you love about a country, quite often come from all of the negative...  of things about countries. So I just described Romania the fact that it's safe to walk alone at night and any of you or any woman can walk alone at night and it's perfectly safe. That is true. The reason for that is because the legal system's a mess. Because if they catch you doing anything, you're going to jail and you're stuck there and you're not getting out and it doesn't matter. You know, like I could tell you endless examples if you go to America, cars get broken and two cars get stolen. Here cars don't get stolen. In fact, there was a couple of car thefts once it was big on the news. That's how big of a deal it was. There was a couple of car thefts on this particular street. The police set up a undercover agent and they saw someone walking up and down the street and a guy who was looking in a car window got picked up. Now in America, you can't arrest someone and put someone in jail for looking in a car window. Here they can go. There were some car thefts last month. He looked in the window, meh, close enough, year. And they put him in jail for a year without trial. So it's like, yeah, it's safe. It's a good country to tell it happens to you. That's right. So it's like which side of it you're on when you're walking along with your family, you're looking around going it's so fantastic here.  So safe. When you're in jail, you're like, this is not fair. So it's the same in Japan. Japan is a 99% conviction rate. That's because if you go to court in Japan, you're going to jail. Did you do it? Who cares? Society's safe. So it's like, do you want what's best for the ant or do you want what's best for the ant farm? They're different things. If you're an ant who's been sent to die for the ant farm, you're unhappy, but if you're one of the ants in the ant farm who wasn't sent to die but the ant farm's safer, you are happy. It's, there's no perfect place. I mean, you look at America and England. Okay, yeah, you haven't got to fear the law as much but now you have to fear the criminals because they get bail and they walk away, or they get out on some human rights crap or they only do two years or whatever. In fact, a worse country for that is actually America because you have to fear the criminals and the law. They'll fuck you over some financial crimes and they'll let murderers walk. The whole thing's a joke. In England, you don't have to fear the law very much. You only have to fear the criminals but London is out control. In Romania, there's no criminals but the real mafia are the government. You don't want to mess with them here. It's hard for me to see what my favorite country is. Pfft.  like Romania is the US or UK in your bottom through? Well, I feel betrayed by them. They've betrayed me because they're run by global homo. Like if I was gay and I was this famous, I'd be standing next to the leaders of the country. And I would be basically above the law and untouchable and celebrate it as the beacon of Western civilization. But because I'm not gay because I go against their agendas, they're trying to put me in jail and they've betrayed me. So now that's not a particularly Western thing. I want to make this clear. We talk about the fact that the matrix will put you in jail if you speak against authority. That's the truth. That's the truth anywhere. If you talk against Putin in Russia, you're going to die. If you talk against G in China, you're going to die. If you talk against a power in the West, you don't die first. First they try jail. Then they'll kill you. I mean, Russia might try jail too. They might give you a chance. But it's the same everywhere. The thing is if you live in Russia or China, you probably agree with your leader because they're competent. The problem is in the West, you can't...  include the leader less or mentally insane, because they're not competent and they're idiots. So we're in a very difficult quagmire where in other countries, sure, you can't speak against authority, but at least you believe that authority is competent. Whereas in the West, we don't have that luxury. We're ruled by idiots. Or I wouldn't even say idiots, they're not stupid, they're treasonous. They know what they're doing. They're not dumb. They're just treasonous and evil, more than stupid. So American England have betrayed me and abandoned me because of my views, which makes me feel kind of homeless. I mean, it's kind of sad to think that your host nations have betrayed you. If I was Azerbaijanian and I was his famous, I'd be one of the most respected men in Azerbaijan. I'd be having lunch in the presidential palace with the president of Azerbaijan, everything would be fine. My nations should be happy for what I'm doing. What am I doing? I'm teaching young men how to make money. I'm inspiring young men to work hard and go to the gym. I'm inspiring young men to stick up for what they believe is right. I should be celebrated as a cultural phenomenon instead of attacked. So yeah, I've been betrayed by them. And it makes me feel quite sad because I am patriotic. And I do love both nations.  But what can you do when they're run by a homosexual mafia who are mad at anybody who doesn't want to shop his dick off? What can you do about it? And and I mean, I'm not Russian. I Can't say oh, I love Putin. I love how Russia thinks I'm Russian. I'm not actually Russian. I don't speak Russian I'm not actually from there and what's another thing that's interesting when you get to a certain level of fame and wealth is that you realize why people stay in the countries They're from because if you're a Brazilian billionaire you stay in Brazil quite often If you're an American billionaire you stay in America quite often you say well, why is that but at a certain level of influence and wealth You become a target not just for criminals but also for governments if I move to somewhere obscure right let's say I move to Uzbekistan. I'm gonna move to Uzbekistan. I'm gonna leave me alone You're talking to Uzbekistanies aren't gonna sit around going. We have one of the most famous rich men in the world here Is he giving you any money? Is he giving you any money? Is he giving you any money? No, he's not he paid nobody any money. All right, okay Let's find years go by I keep talking about  I'm living in this great life, sleeping with their women, driving on their roads. You tell me sooner or later someone, even if it's thought at the top level, even if it's a lower police chief, a judge, whoever, I've had enough of this. He'd better pay me something. And before you know it, you're in a cell again for some reason, you know? I'm sure if I would have given enough money to Romanian political parties, this wouldn't have happened to me. And I was asked often if I wanted to invest. And I thought, I don't wanna invest in the wrong investor. Donate. I don't wanna donate to the wrong team and get myself in trouble. So I tried to stay out of it. Then when you're in jail, they're like, oh, so which political parties did you donate to because you can call that? I was surprised that you didn't actually. Well, I tried to stay out of politics because that's how you get in trouble. So I thought I'll just stay out of it. I'm American, they won't mess with me because I'm American and I'm good for the country. But once America gave the green light to do it, because they had to ask. You see yourself becoming a donor? No. Well, sorry. I don't know anymore.  People keep saying, I'm going to go, I don't know. My host nation to betrayed me. All the countries I'd like to live in are still under... What do you mean is the Islamic country? Or Muslim country? Well, yeah. I was going to say most of the countries I'd like to live in besides, let's say, Dubai or Saudi Arabia, etc. Even those, they're still within Western hemisphere in regards to influence. If the American government wants you, it's very hard for a government to say no. That's the American government. As clown world as they are, if the American government's like, we need this guy, it's very difficult for any government to buy anywhere else to say no, we're going to protect him. Because I'm not from there. I'm not their guy. It's different if I was Saudi and I'm in Saudi, and Americans want a Saudi. But when the Americans want an American in Saudi, they're like, are you really going to fuck everything up between us over this dude? You don't even know what he's done. He's done this, this, this, and this. And the Saudis don't know what they're lying on it. They're like, ah, okay. And they get you. I might become a pirate. I'm thinking of buying a yacht and going out to international waters, living.  a few years at sea. Problem is I hate the ocean and I don't swim in it ever. But maybe I'll just, you know, to make a political point that I can't trust any nation now on earth. I'm going to go live on a boat somewhere until they eventually raid me with helicopters. Black seal team six turn up to take me to jail. Maybe you'll go to space. Yeah, maybe there's going to be somewhere I can hide. I don't know. But I don't think I'm as big a target as I was at one point. When I was all over TikTok and I was everywhere, they managed to get rid of me with a very sophisticated AI algorithms now. So I feel like they're going to allow me to live. So we have that little back camera there. Yeah. The back of your head because your face has been well, my voice has been. We'll change it up. Yeah. Change up the voice. Don't show the face and you should be okay. Well, AI you to sound like come all hairs. They'll push it even further. But the laugh more than at the speaking rhyme. Yeah. You quoted Adolf Hitler a while back talking about Muslim soldiers being preferred in his army over Christian ones. The cool.  It's been our misfortune to have the wrong religion. Why did it have to be Christianity with its meekness and flappingness? Islam was a religion of men and hygienic too. The soldiers of Islam received a warrior's heaven, a real earthly paradise with women and wine flowing. What do you make of this quote? And what is Islam kind of promise Muslim men that Christianity doesn't? I do very careful how I answer this question. However, I do believe that Islam is a whole is a more patriarchal religion. And it creates a more patriarchal society. And he's right about it being a warrior's religion as well. That's true. I'm careful to talk about Islam because the beauty of Islam is its rigidness, the fact that it doesn't bend like Christianity does. But that also means when you talk about it, you have to get everything completely right all the time because you can get in trouble. But Christianity as a whole. I mean, even the idea of the Christian faith, the, the, B-  basis of it is to a degree sacrifice. And I love Western Christian nations and I love Christian society and I live in the West and I understand all of these things. I'm just talking about this from a philosophical standpoint. The idea of Christianity is turning the other cheek or Jesus died for our sins, so you sacrifice, you give things up, you give it away or you accept bad things happening. And Islam isn't really like that. And I guess you can kind of apply that to how the two societies are now functioning. I mean, Christians are kind of like, ah, you know, it's all terrible, but it's gonna be okay or it's supposed to be terrible or turn the other cheek or I have Christians who I live with who are very devout and read the Bible every morning and they're like, oh Jesus will fix it. Jesus is coming back, I'm like, okay, but your society's on fire right now. Don't you think you're a job to enforce the ideals and the morals and values of a Christian society now? But Jesus is coming back, yeah, that's great. But don't you.  feel obligated to do anything now to keep the society Christian. And I feel like many Christians don't. Many Christians don't feel like it's their job to enforce Christian society whereas I think many Muslims do. Muslims don't sit and say, oh God will fix it. They say no, we want it to be an Islamic society now and we will make sure it is. I feel like it's more proactive than Christianity. I don't know if that's just because Christianity is based on the ideals of like we said, turn the other cheek and forgiving and forgive, forgive, forgive. Then you have to really analyze things because then you have to sit and say, do I see the world the way I see it because of my religion? Do I see like people who are very forgiving, let's say our Christian and people who are perhaps less forgiving or Islamic, let's just say, do they see the world that way because of their religion or are they that religion because they already see the world that way? You know, so it's like which one right which way round is it? And then you have to look into the depths of faith. You have to be very honest with yourself and say, is this...  is my faith determined by my absolute belief or is my faith determined to a degree by my personality because it's easy for me to be faithful in these tenants because of who I am or is it about God or is it about who I am? Many people, it's polytronition. Well, yeah, a lot of people switch. A lot of people switch. Well, a lot of people are on board. Where you're born, the end. But if you want to seriously actually analyze your faith, you have to sit there and go, is it because I was born here and I was told I was this one? Is it because I've done research and I've chosen? And then if I've chosen, is it me choosing things I already agree with or is it because I believe? It's very interesting to actually go down that rabbit hole. But I don't know. Personally, I saw the Olympics and I went and protested in the name of Christianity. And I'd like to see Christians do a lot less cheek turning. You're at cheeks. You have no cheeks left to turn. And your society's not being degraded and your profits are being mocked. And I think it's time to get back to the crusading type of Christianity instead of the forgive everyone, Jesus will fix it type. Because if you, well, the thing is, we can take it away from religion.  because I've set everybody. But the truth is, if you have any idea on the planet and you don't defend it, the idea won't last. Viktors write history and might makes right. And if you're gonna allow yourself to be attacked and never ever reply or never ever enforce any boundary, you're not gonna have anything left at the end of it. It doesn't matter if it's two plus two equals four. If you're not prepared to defend that idea and the people who believe two plus two equals five are ready to kill over it. And then you're gonna lose them. Math is gonna change. Bastery Ali. So we have Western societies now who are not prepared to defend Christianity at all. They're not reproducing or having children. And then they seem to think that's all gonna be okay in the end. Well, perhaps if Jesus comes back like you believe it'll be okay, but if he doesn't, population dynamics ensure, along with the basic dynamics of how power works, you're gonna be replaced. There's a huge power vacuum in the West. The reason Islam is growing is such strength is because most people in the West feel like they can either be Islamic or be gay because there's no other real power structures.  It was only two, the only two ideals you can't criticize. You can criticize Christianity all day long. So... Why do Muslims have so many children? Well, I mean, we can talk about it being an Islamic thing, but also in many ways it's not just an Islamic thing. It's a third world thing because a lot of Islamic countries are third world, but we can look at migrants even from South America, perhaps who are Christian or from Africa, Christian nations still have a lot of children. There's a lot of African Christian migrants who come to the UK or come to the West and they outbreed the native populations. The reason for that is because the closer you are to survival, the closer you are to your gender roles. If you were to get five men, five women, strand them on an island, the men would go hunt, and the women would collect berries, and, you know, no one would be arguing about feminism, everyone would be doing their job, what they're naturally inclined to do. So the closer you are to survival, the more difficult your life, the closer you are to gender roles, because gender roles give you the optimum chance of survival. So you have people who are from difficult parts of the world here regardless of their religion.  and they're close to their gender roles and the female gender roles reproduction. A woman is supposed to have children. That's what her body is built to do. A man's body is built to work. That's why we're big with muscles. And a woman's body is built to have children. That's why she has a uterus and that's why she has periods. That's what she's meant to do. So that's the basic gender role and we've fallen away from that in the West to the point now where the native women of the West, they don't wanna have kids. If they do wanna have kids, they want to make sure that they already have a huge house and their husband has a whole bunch of money and they get to have a nanny and they get a professional photographer to photograph the kids for their Instagram page and they're not interested in actually having a bunch of children. They're interested in all this other garbage instead. So I mean, people have one, maybe two kids. They don't have six, seven, eight, like they used to. Do you believe the purpose of a woman's life is to have children? I think it's the most important thing she could do. I think it's the number one thing she'll be happy she did when she's older. But I also understand why women aren't having kids.  because we're now living in a society where women are in so much constant competition even for men. So you have women who are sitting there and they have a boyfriend but they're like, oh, I've seen this love story on TikTok about this girl who got picked up on a private jet. That's never happened to me. My boyfriend can't afford a private jet. Do I really want to have kids with this guy or do I want to hold out? Maybe I'll get one of those guys. And then we have that exact conversation. Well, there you go. So, so, so women are now holding out for this Disney fantasy bullshit. Then you end up in a society which we're currently in where 90% of the women are chasing 5% of the men. And then if they even do get one of those 5% men, then they start complaining that he's not loyal. Well, duh. Duh. The whole ivory chick in the world wants this guy. When you expect him to do, fall in love with just you. But you're, oh, you're gonna tell him about your twilight insights. Really? Oh, you're that special. No, you're not that special. You're a pretty young girl like most of the pretty young girls are messaging. So, um, everything's fucked up, right? And, and then women can either have the choice of having children with this man and being one of his many, many baby mothers.  Or they have to accept that they're not gonna get perhaps to man they saw on TikTok or Instagram and have a kick with him, but then they're gonna be resentful towards that man and not treat him the way he wants to be treated, which is gonna allow him to feel like King of the household, which means when COVID comes along, they're all gonna end up wearing the mask, getting the fucking injection. Everything ties in together, how messed up it is. But yeah, things were much easier when the small town girl met a small town man and they had six, seven kids. That was society. Family was society, but now that's gone. Women don't want to have children anymore. And I mean, you can look and say a man's job is to build. We're building more buildings than ever before. A man's done his job, but all the Western populations are declining because women are not doing their job, which is have children. You do not find women nowadays who are 21 and go, I'm 21, I need to start having kids, I need to have eight kids. None. So then what's the answer? A government's answer is pretty simple. They're like, okay, our population's declining would just import people. Because from the macro, if you zoom out far enough, everything looks...  looks the same. We can see the difference between that cup and that bottle right there. We can. But if you do it from space to just two dots. So from the governmental level, they don't sit and think, ah, this person from fucking Syria, Afghanistan, God knows where, isn't the same as the local people. They just think person-person. So go. We need more people. Women aren't having kids. Bring people in. I mean, if you want to be a conspiracy theorist, you could argue that they're deliberately using feminism and LGBT to stop the native women from wanting to have children. Because feminism prevents women from having children. Because one, it makes them want to pursue other things. And two, it makes them unattractive to men. And it makes men not want to marry them. Because no man wants to marry a feminist, no man. And then also, the use feminism to decrease masculinity, which then, in turn, does the opposite effect, no woman wants to marry a man who isn't masculine. So nobody's meeting up anymore. They're doing this to destroy the birth rates of the native populations. Because the native population has grown.  and we expect holiday pay and safe working conditions. So they want to get rid of us and just replace us with third and second world slaves so they can make as much money as possible. That's a conspiracy theory you could argue. But they certainly need people and we don't produce them. And if you say to the average woman like, you know, what would it take for you to have a kid? Oh, it's like a holiday home in this house. I need to live my life first. I want to finish my career. I want to have fun first. I haven't been here. I need to go on holidays. Woman, your job is not to get bags and get Instagram likes to go on holidays. It's your job to have children. That's your job, you know? But women have forgotten that. They've been trained out of that. They've been sied off out of that. It's all sex and city. Fuck everyone you can. You should have your own career. You should have your own money. Blah blah blah. I was actually saying this last night, I have a Ferrari 812. In fact, I have four Ferrari 812 competitions. It's a $1.6 million car. It's the things the only one here in Romania. And I was talking to the girl I was with and I was saying the difference between the mask and the feminine is so pertinent if you look at anything because the masculine world is built on competence and the feminine world is based on being beautiful. I said that is a one.  $6 million for Ari. I've never seen a woman get one by a competence I've never seen a woman go become smart and Learn how to do something and make enough money to buy a $1.6 million for Ari Now I'm not saying it can't be done. I'm not saying it's not been done. I haven't seen it I said as a man you get a Ferrari by a competence You get to ride in Ferrari because you're pretty 98% of women in Ferrari's got there because they were free That's it not because they knew anything not because they've done anything they looked good How it hard if you could get every woman who's ever been in a Ferrari ever and you tick tick the ones who bought it themselves And tick the ones who got picked up by a guy because they were hot 98% of chicks get the best things in life just by being hot. Yeah, why does that matter? Well primarily being hot means being fertile. That's what it's supposed to mean That's just more proof that women are judged by their capability to have children And it's subconscious even for the men dating them who don't realize it But we can tie this back into other things we can tie into the idea that men don't want to have children because  out of the divorce courts because the government's lost its mind and there's a whole bunch of things but we should be prioritizing family. Migrants and immigrants and you talked about why you must have so many kids. Well, we could talk about it from a religious perspective but especially in the third world perspective, the men have a bunch of kids because they ain't got nothing to take, divorce courts. I ain't got none to take. And the women have a bunch of kids because it's a society they grew up in. And people who attend especially in the western world that they can't afford children, that's a joke. I mean the poorest people in the world have kids. This is just they they've just prioritized other things like ruralist starbucks latte and Instagram likes. And it's the failure of society. It's really the failure of civilization when women don't want to have babies anymore. Have you considered starting your own country? Tristan kind of looked into it. Difficult thing with the country is like you need a military to defend it. I mean let's the war room. Yeah, I mean we'd all go down to blaze a glory. We do our best. You get a country, you get an island, you set it up and then you just get invaded and take into jail somewhere for by whoever.  You know, it's quite difficult to do. I'd like to think that America can fix itself or that one Western country will come back to some degree of sanity. I'd like to really believe that, but we're about to see how it all goes. What should a country be optimizing for? Like, is it health, money, happiness? I know you said that individual happiness isn't really ideal to optimize for, but on a country scale, does it make sense? It's a very good question, because once again, to answer it professionally, I have to... Those things you just named, if a country optimizes for the happiness of its constituents, it will not be the most competitive country. If a country optimizes for the competitiveness of its constituents, it will not be the happiest country. But then are these two countries in competition? Because if they are, or are most are, you should probably optimize for competitiveness, because otherwise you have a very short-lived, happy country, which is eventually destroyed. It's kind of what's happening now, right? You have China, which is a collectivist society, and then we have America and these other countries which are individual.  list, but collectivism is going to win in the long run because all the ants work for the good of the ant farm and they're prepared to sacrifice for themselves for the good of the ant farm. So in the end, collectivism is going to win. Now, you can sit and say life in China is no good because it's controlled. Well, that's true, but if they win, then we lose. Well, then life in China is better than being a loser because your country is going to get wrecked. So it's very hard to say what a country should optimize for. And I guess that's the current and never ending battle, right? Of a person who wants to live a good life and the government who wants what's good for the government. So what's good for the ant is always what's good for the ant farm. So you have to decide between these two things and for that to work. I guess what happens is in Western countries, the people, the individuals need to have enough faith in their leaders and enough faith in their government to make to a degree of personal sacrifice which we no longer have, right? So maybe in the days of all, you could say, look, we're going to raise taxes because we're going to build the military. And most Americans would say...  Okay, I accept and understand that because I believe in my government. I believe in my military I believe that my government does not waste money I believe that the wars we get in are just and essential for our defense. I believe this is a good thing We no longer have that in the West now Everybody hates the government because we know they're incompetent cowards and liars and they betray us So we only want what's good for us. We don't want anything that's good for government But then how can our government compete with other rogue governments? If they don't have any true control of the population if they can't do a draft or they can't control the no one listens to them or don't wants to pay the taxes to them It's all a mess. It's difficult. What China has it has collectivism, but people believe in the leader So like this may be bad for me, but it's good for China and I believe in the leader of China. Would you ever optimize for health? well That's what you optimize for on a personal level like that's the first thing you tell people to do get in shape Yeah, I mean, but then it all goes together right because you optimize for health Which is good for the ant but is that truly good for the ant farm? How can you mine? How can you get natural resources? How can you  generate power, how can you do all these things if your primary concern is health of your people? Then you only care about clean air, x, y, z, everything's in balance. Because if you only optimize for health, you're gonna lose. You're gonna lose. And unfortunately, the bottom line of all things as we discussed earlier is violence. So perhaps you need to optimize to the capability to be violent because perhaps that allows you to then get everything else. Which is what the Americans do, by the way. America is the world's largest superpower because it's the world's largest army. So I mean, they could mine for cobalt or they could just overthrow a government and take their cobalt, which is what they effectively do with the American dollar and military groups and sponsoring terrorism and the army. So if you optimize for violence, you can probably fix most of your problems via violence. If you optimize for health, it's hard to fix any other problem. And I really truly believe that if you ever have anything people are gonna come and try and take it. Which is why they put me in jail in the first place. I have influence and they wanna take it off me. So if you're gonna build a country, it's either gonna be Instagram.  No one is going to care about it or you're going to end up having things people want and then you're going to wish you a Bit of violence because they're going to come and take it So perhaps if I had a country it would be a lot like Sparta and we would optimize for violence because Once that's done and we're secure then we consider other things But I think if you don't have the capability to defend yourself you're not going to have very much for very long anyway Who do you think was the greatest emperor? Genghis Khan Caesar Alexander the Great or Napoleon? It's a really good question I think Genghis had the largest empire didn't he? He did he did well I'm a fan of Napoleon as well. I like Napoleon. I was very disappointed by that latest movie where they just made him some simp Also pro Like that with this movie is about Napoleon's simping not the battles of Warloo or anything Not all of his amazing achievements. No, just simping. Let's just make a simp video They just take every hero and try and destroy him in popular culture. It's truly sad It's hard  to compare them all because they're at different periods of history and they achieve different amazing things but I guess they all had one thing in common and it's the mark of all great men since the beginning of time which ties back into what I was saying earlier about my woman saying to you why do I still work as that they were never satisfied. I mean Genghis Khan had the largest empire ever he still won more to the day he died. I think the most successful men on the planet are insatiable so they had insatiability which I think if you're prepared to work for the things you want as opposed to steel insatiability is a virtue in men the greatest men of history were all insatiable people so and we remember them which is what matters right what's the point in living a life as a man to be forgotten and most 99.9 percent of people lived and died and were forgotten so the fact we're still mentioning them I mean they're all successful to be fair. This is kind of random but a trait that was noticed among like some of the highest performing men of all time like Steve Jobs and some of these emperors mentioned was that they're  are light eaters? Are you a light eater naturally? Super light eater. That's really interesting. It's because I think your focus is so on your mission that you kind of forget about food. Yeah, I think you're just the kind of person who doesn't value comfort in general, right? And what is eating? I mean, what is eating excessively? You eat to stay alive, of course, you're a light eater. But if you're going to eat excessively, you're going to be tired and you're going to be full. And you like the idea and the feeling of comfort and you like the feeling of feeling full, I guess, in itself is a comforting thing. If you're used to the idea of adversity, then you're not going to be interested in just eating until you're comfortable all the time. I think it's a comfort, discomfort dynamic. Would you recommend fasting for young men? I eat once a day. When I was younger, you see more, but I'm old now. How old are you? 23. Oh, bro. When I was your age, I could eat whatever I wanted. I know I'm still at a sound old now. When past 30, you'd actually have to eat a lot less. But I think feeling hungry is a good thing. Yeah, I think being hungry puts you in a state of mind where you struggle to sit still and you'll get things done.  and you can put that energy into it very often. You put that in an effective manner. I mean, what is hungry? Once again, I need food. Listen, you can go eight weeks without food. We had, we ate two hours ago. What do you mean you need to eat? I think it's just a mindset of it. I think fasting's good for you, and there's a whole bunch of medical and health reasons for that, but a lot of it's a mindset. You're a full grown man, and you're hungry, and you're having a panic attack because you can't get hold of some food for an hour than you're a dipshit. Then you're never gonna be able to deal with any of life's genuine struggles. Like, you're hungry, shut up. Don't even mention it. Why even tell anyone? I've always found out I'm amazing that people tell people, you sit around people like, man, I'm so hungry. When you want therapy? I mean, there's no food here. Like, shut up until there's food around, or go get something. I don't know, it's just, to me, it's just a degree of broadcasting weakness. Like, I need to eat, I'm hungry, I need to eat, I'm hungry, where are you? A baby? That's what babies cry for food. Like, I, to me, it's all, it's also gay. It's just gay.  hungry to shut up and eat and you could eat in two days from now. You'd be perfectly fine. Do you think crying is signaling? Yeah, I think crying. Like it's like an ask for help. Yeah, well, I mean, babies cry because they want attention and women cry because they want attention. And I think I don't know why men cry as much. Women cry to try and manipulate you primarily. I think men probably do it for the same reason. You're trying to elicit sympathy. But I think men cry a lot less often than women because we understand that sympathy is a lot harder to come by. It doesn't work. And no one's coming to save you. No one's coming to save you. So I mean, if crying worked as well for men as it does for women, men might cry more often, but it doesn't work very well. So most men don't bother with it. But women get to cry and they can elicit sympathy all the time. Female crying is a superpower, right? If a woman attacks you and hits you and you don't touch her and the cops turn up and she's crying, you're going to rest it. So it's just...  It's just the way it works, right? But if the man was crying, they'd be like, we're unstable, arrest him. You get arrested anyway. We're more likely to get arrested if you're crying. So yeah, it's strange. I think there must be some human psychology. There must be some study somewhere that explains why people cry and why it's done. But I think to a degree is to elicit sympathy, but I don't operate from that frame. I've never wanted people to feel sorry for me. I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me, for anything that's happening to me. I put myself in this position. I decided to do it all. I could have shut up. I could have took 50 mil. A lot of things I could have done. I didn't do it. I'm here because I want it to be, because I'm a full grown man. It's my decisions. And I'm prepared to deal with the good and the bad that come with all of them. There's no light without dark. And I don't want people's sympathy. People can understand it's unjust. People can feel angered at the injustice and the injustice. And that's a very masculine response. But I don't need sympathy from anybody. Back to the country thing. So you're basically a global citizen. Your mixed race man must.  Do you are you pro segregation or separatism? Yes, because I Feel like the beauty of cultures are lost when they're all separated If you have coffee and orange juice and apple juice They all have unique characteristics and takes good if you mix them all together. You have nothing So I think that the beauty of cultures are Are seen what in their separate in their separateness right the fact that Japan is so amazing to visit is because it's Japanese Right in a hundred years when it's full of everybody There won't be Japanese anymore they can go into Japan and be the same as going to any other western city and that destroys the point and traveling at all I also think that a lot of people I mean the most homogenous societies typically are the safest Not everybody is smart and not everybody is calm or sane and perhaps  you need as many things as possible to try and hold the fabric of society together. We talked about thin cultures and thick cultures. Perhaps the thicker a culture, just a better it is considering at least 50 percent of the people you walk past are below average intelligence. There's a whole bunch of dumb people out there and perhaps it's easy for the world to get along if these dumb people look around and go, well, everyone else is like me and I'm like them and I don't want to hurt them because they're like me and we all think the same and we're the same people and there's some unifying factor. It's very little unifying in the West. We keep talking about how diversity is a strength, multiculturalism is a strength and diversity is a strength. Is it? I don't know. Is it? I mean, there are some countries that have managed to do it. Tobias managed to be massively successful with an 80 percent immigration rate from all different cultures but it's one city. It's not country. They kick you out if you do anything. And illegal systems at different level, right? So they'll like if Nigerians start committing crime, if there's two big crimes committed by Nigerian men, they'll kick out all the Nigerians all and they'll take the visas from all of them.  They'll say no Nigeria is can come for two years. America can't do that. America can't say one Chinese man committed crimes were stopping visas from China. So who do you see as American because you trust about that? Who do Americans see as American? Well, this is the thing, right? So when you, we had orange juice and apple juice and coffee, and now what do we have? I don't know, what is an American? Is an American someone who seeks across the border and is just born there? Is that an American? If you're not going to divide the country by race or ethnicity or religion or language, like most countries do, like if I go to China with my wife and we have a kid, no one in China is calling that kid Chinese. No one's going to say that's a Chinese child. It was born here, nobody. If we're going to do that in the West, well, there's very important things we must do. First, we have to ensure everybody's treated fairly under the law, which is to think the English has already lost, because you have now you have a two tiered system inside of a multi-ethnic democracy. That's a big problem. But secondly, you need to have something that unifies people.  even if it's just respect and love for the flag. If they're not going to be unified by ethnicity or language, or even a version of history, right? Because the version of history, a Mexican person, believes and understands about Mexico and America and the war that happened and all these things is very different than the version of history the American believes. If you're not going to have any of these unifying factors, culture, songs, anything, you need to at least be unified by love for the country, at least. And one of the things Dubai has is everyone that feels blessed and lucky to be in Dubai and they don't want to leave. Whereas there's a lot of people in America who don't really feel that way anymore and they don't love America. So what makes an American is someone who loves America, but then once again, we've now entered the post-Truth world where everything's subjective, so what does love for America mean? Because the left believe they love America as they burn it down. And the right believe they love America as they try and preserve things. I agree with the right personally, but the people on the left go, no, I love America.  too much to let it be racist. So like once again, what is love? It's subjectiveness. We don't have any unifying factors. There's nothing that unifies people anymore. So what is an American is becoming more and more difficult to answer. It's not the passport. It's not a skin color. It's not a language. It's not a religion. And then I would say it's love for America, but even that's becoming damaged. At this point now, what is an American? I'd say a Trump vote. If you're not voting for Trump, you're not an American. That's how I now view it. But Trump won't be around forever. What comes after that? I'm not sure. Do you believe women should have the right to vote? You know, as a world famous misogynist, it would only be fitting. For me to say no. Well, what is a vote? Like what is a vote? Why do votes? Why do you think votes happen to ensure that certain ideals get in place? Well, what is a vote?  replacement for. A vote is a replacement for a war, right? So the leader died. Who's going to be the new leader? Well, I'll get my guns and you'll get your guns and we'll fight and we'll see who the new leader is. But wars create a lot of bodies and wars are very expensive. And if you needed to have a war every time someone died, you wouldn't get very far as a country because you'd have constant and endless destruction, right? So a vote is a replacement for a war effectively. And in the voting system, there's going to be a large percentage of people who are going to be unhappy with the result, but you accept the result because it was fair, supposedly, but that's no longer fair. So why should anyone accept getting a result they don't like if it wasn't fair, which is very important. But what's really interesting is that voting was supposed to be a replacement for war, but now we have two very distinct teams. You have a team of masculine men and feminine women versus masculine women and feminine men. So you have two teams. You have the right and the right.  left. But if it was a war, the right would clearly win. So our votes now still a fair representation of war or replacement for war where if it was a war, the right would clearly win the war. So is the voting system even still applicable for what it's supposed to be? I mean, should we have any voter regulations? Well, I mean, also my, my view to be honest with you actually is that the people who should be able to vote are the people who, I would say, land owning males or tax paying males typically, or you could say tax paying citizens. You should be having to do something to get a vote, right? Like a minimum amount of taxes, you think? Or just contribute to the system. At least if you're a tax paying adult, let's say you should be able to vote. I won't say women can't vote. Yeah. But the fact that women can vote and affect something like a war where only men go die, I think is very sad. And they'll say no.  only men die women are in the military, only men die more. At-bowl percentage wise, it's 99% 98% men. I'm not sure, but then, I mean, you can go into it from a psychological aspect of women are easier to siop. Do you want them voting? I mean, we can argue that females are easier to siop than men because they don't have the physical propensity for violence so they can't defend their ideals. So women are easier to siop. Do you want them voting when a foreign nation or a foreign government can subvert their mind? I mean, if they respect their husband, they can't, but if they're watching TV all day, women either belong to their husbands ideals or societal ideals, they don't develop their own. They either follow their husband or they follow sex and to see one of the two. Like, do you want a large contingent of voters who can be siop? I don't know. Do you? Well, if you want a very fair and, oh, if you want a very fair country and a very fair democracy, perhaps you don't want that, but if you don't want it to be fair, if you want to be able to put something on the news that Trump has a racist to convince half the population that he's somehow a bad person, even though he hung around with a  rappers every single day until they ran for president was never called racist ever and you want them to vote a certain way. Well, then you do want a certain contingent side-opable. I don't know. I mean, it's difficult to answer. Should women be able to vote? A lot of the problems we are facing would go away of women weren't voting. I'll say that. A lot of the issues that the Western world is currently dealing with wouldn't exist if women weren't voting. Many women would claim it's unfair representation that they can't vote, especially when there's legal statutes relating to abortion, for instance. And I know you probably are under the assumption that abortion isn't just a funeral issue. I think that's very fair. But on birth control and abortion, I'm curious, do the women you date take birth control? Well, the thing is about the abortion argument. The thing that's so interesting about the abortion argument is that not getting pregnant is very preventable. I don't see what the  this obsession with abortion is because not getting pregnant is extremely avoidable. There's contraception for both genders. There's you can track your cycle or whatever. There's a whole bunch of ways you can make sure you don't get pregnant. The fact that you need option number nine, the most gruesome and morally repugnant option to ensure you don't have a child. And that option number nine is so important to you. Just shows a lack of maturity and planning in general. That's the first thing. Second thing when they say, oh yeah, but women should have rights to vote for what happens to our bodies. That's not a female argument. A lot of things happen to men bodies too. A lot of things happen to human bodies that we do that. I mean, men get sent to war to die. Like what are you talking about? And the last point about this whole abortion argument, which I find. I don't think it has anything to do with killing children, really. Because they talk about what if you were raped? Okay, yeah, but exceptions don't disprove.  Yeah, point one percent. Yeah, this is talking about stupid shit. It's an emotional argument they use to rile women up to control them Which actually ties back into what I just said earlier about siopic. They are siopable If you want an abortion, you're not going to get an abortion. They're trying to control your bodies They're going to take your freedom away and women are sitting there Believing the siop and like I said, they're voting for a candidate ignoring all the important issues I named earlier were worth reinflation crime rate said it because they feel like my bodies My body my choice. I'm going to be a slave You shouldn't want an abortion and it's easy to avoid an abortion. Would you have you ever have an abortion? Well, I never I'll never allow any woman I ever dated to have an abortion ever But the fact that women won't sit there and go okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah But I won't have an abortion I don't want one if and I'll never put myself in a position where I need to get one because that doesn't sound very nice to do Like it's all just a siop. It's all just emotional control  The reason the American elections probably the only one in the world where abortions even mentioned, even in other Western countries, they don't do this. In England and France, they don't talk about abortion. Did the women you date take birth control? No, they don't. And the birth control argument, I don't know actually very much about, but I have seen a lot of studies as a late about why it's very bad for women and it can be very bad for them. And I've been cool, I've been luckily lucky, I guess, the women I know don't take it. Perhaps that's why I like them. Perhaps that's why they're not crazy, I don't know. But I know it's supposed to mess with you, hormonally, very badly. But I just find it crazy that they can pull out this abortion card and use it to rile up women and sile up them into voting for a country's demise any time they want. I guess that proves. I mean, perhaps the abortion argument in and of itself is an argument for why women shouldn't vote. They can pull up a stupid subject and they can sile up you into voting for the country's demise for a procedure you should never want, which is perfectly avoidable, which you probably won't even need. You will still vote for the country's demise if they say.  the right words and get you emotionally invested because you are so weak, you can be si-opted in destroying society. Maybe that's proof in and of itself that women shouldn't bother at all. This is a little more lighthearted, but what's the most aggressive thing a woman's done to gain your attention? I've had stalkers. I've had stalkers, yeah. But my brother has a stalker right now, but she's unbeatable, she's the best of the best. She's the best of the best, but I'll let him know if I can talk about that. I'll talk about that. Yeah, I've had stalkers. And you know what, having a stalker, even me as a full-grown man, I very much sympathize for any woman that has a stalker because it even makes me nervous. When someone is everywhere you go or trying to turn up everywhere you are, even me as a man and hers a little girl, it's weird. Pretty much every girl I've dated, I feel like it's had a stalker. Is that the case with you? Well, yeah, it's super common, and it must be extremely intimidating. Especially for social media. Yeah, yeah. It must be very intimidating. So I've had a stalker, I get love letters all the time. I have girls turn up at the house randomly.  I get presents all the time. I had women trying to send voodoo magic or gypsy magic to make me fall in love with them. Did it work? No, it was fun. It was just this girl who I kind of knew I went in a few dates with, but I wasn't that interested in she promised to cook me some food. And she's a gypsy, like Romania has a gypsy population. And my house cleaner is a gypsy as well. And she sent me this food and it came with like a toy night and some writing I didn't understand in a toy soldier and a budget craft. Anyway, I'm just eating the food and my house cleaner goes, don't, don't you eat that? I was like, why? She goes, this is gypsy magic. This means this, this means this. She's trying to make you fall in love with her. This means this, this, this. And she's, spell on the food, don't eat it. Like whatever. So I just ate the food. But then for the following months, I pretended to the girl that I was falling in love with her. So I was like, I can't sleep anymore. Something's happening. You're all I think about. So I played along and she kept sending me food with different trinkets. I go, I was eating good. Every single dinner time for about three months.  I was getting food with different trinkets and I was pretending to fall more and more in love with her And this is before I was arrested and I think I went away. I think I went on holiday somewhere I had some work to do for two weeks. I didn't message her at all and I think she realized I was just making fun of her Yeah, that was fun. Is there a specific type of woman you seem to attract? Maybe not just gypsies. Yeah, she was a pretty gypsy. I mean I guess gypsies are pretty but um Yeah, I get endless Love letters. I mean if you ever want to get a lot of women just become a famous human trafficker They seem to like that one Trafficker Well, I mean it's unfair for me to say right because I'm very well known and I'm known for having money So women message me. I love your videos. I love the things you say are so smart And I kind of think well, yeah, that's true. I am smart and yeah, I understand you like what I say But I am also extremely wealthy and very well known So it's like is this how much is real? What is love? Let's get philosophical What is love? What is attraction right if I if I'm with a woman  They'll say, she's only with you for money. And then they'll say to me, you're only with her because she's beautiful. I'm like, okay, well, if she's only with me for my money and I get to take care of her and I get to afford her a perfect life and she has no stress and no worries and she gets to spend all her time doing things she likes. And I'm only with her because she's gorgeous and beautiful and does everything I say. Is that real love or is that fake love? You know, often what starts is fake love ends up real love. You see like a young, hot, 22 year old Ukrainian model with some old rich man and you're like, she's only with him for money. Well, probably on the first date, but after she starts living a certain lifestyle and getting her handbags and taking care of and her family at home get to eat and she hasn't got to work anymore and she has no stresses and she gets to go out on the boat every day. It ends up being real love. Like that's just how it works. So... Money isn't that superficial either. I mean, that's often a symptom of many other characteristics. Absolutely. Absolutely. If you have money, you're often good at other things or competent and love grows from superficial things. Like a man falls...  doesn't love the woman initially because of how she looks, how she looks and she does as he says, that's enough for a man to love her and fix her problems and give her a nice life, it's enough for a woman to love a man. Women fall in love with the lifestyle and then they fall in love with the man by extension. So what is love? The law of it is superficial and none of it is, people think this idea of true love is that is based on nothing, right? If it's true love, it doesn't matter. Well, this is what true love is that I can stop speaking, I can become a mute and I can become obese and I can have no money and I can put in no effort at all. It takes away power from you. And I can just sit there as a blob and my woman is going to love me anyway. I don't think so. I think she should say, no, you're a man. You don't want a woman who wants that. Of course, exactly. A woman has expectations of me and I have expectations of her and love is conditional. And it's built on certain things. So yeah, it's kind of funny. And people say, women only love you for money. I'm like, well, that's maybe true, but it's real love in a way, you know? Andrew, have you ever been brutally rejected by a woman? Modern history, not in recent history, but I think back before I was deleted on Instagram.  Or when I was first famous you have to be careful when you talk to anybody because a girl has a decision when she speaks to you There's two ways you can get clout she can get clout by being with you or trying to reject you So like they can play that game Which is interesting But I've retired from all these things now like I've settled down and I'm done with talking to girl Like I get thousands of love letters a month and I ignore them all they could be agents of the matrix, right because We've seen two agents have already caused all this mess so far and women are the easiest way to infiltrate a man's inner circle Women are agents of the matrix women are your number one liability is a man if if if I want to Be careful what I say because I've got criminal cases, but I'll fuck I'll say if I wanted to kill someone Right and he knew I wanted to kill it. He wouldn't have his location on Instagram Where he is at the time, but the girl he's dating would because they care more about those Instagram likes and anything else He will take some girl on a date to a nice restaurant and she'll be like oh  And the plate will have the name and that's the end of the game, right? The police do it too, whether it's the gangsters and the criminal or the mafia or the police. If they want to get a man, they watch the women because women have no op-sec. They have no operational control. They don't pay attention to anything. They don't think they don't think in that frame. And even if they do, they care more about their likes than anything else. Solve that Instagram, have to show an Instagram. You can't take a girl. You say to a girl, I think you're the best place in the planet, but you can't put an Instagram. She's like, why? She instantly like, what? I can't show everyone that I went. She doesn't care about going. That's a big test of mine. I'm like, do you pull out your phone when this certain dessert comes out? Yeah, that's like that's very concerning. Absolutely, because they're just trying to solicit attention from the universe, which means they're also going to solicit male attention and also means they enjoy attention. If they enjoy male attention, it's a problem. But, um, yeah, so women are a massive liability. For me to meet a new woman, I'd have to assume she's not an agent of the matrix. And then I'd have to train her up operational security wise and I'd have to make.  sure that she doesn't do anything stupid or say anything stupid or get bitter if I don't do what she wants or betray me later down the line. If I meet a new woman now, how do I know I can trust her in a police interview three months from now? She gets arrested like it's easier. I just don't talk to any girls anymore. I've got my wives. I'm settled down. I've got the ones I trust that I'm done with all the new ones because it's just a headache and a nightmare. What made you realize a girl wasn't the one? I know you don't really believe in the one but wasn't the one for you. It's a good question. What made me realize a girl wasn't the one for me? I don't think I've ever had that realization. I don't think I've ever woken up because if I've ever gotten far enough for the girl to believe she's the one I was prudent and diligent enough to make sure that there was nothing glaringly obvious. However, however, I will say that at a certain age and my age is 37, you do realize that on some level.  It's gonna sound bad. I don't mean this in a horrible way. I mean this in a positive way On some level everyone's replaceable the matter how in love you are with a woman and you break up with them And you feel like you'll never get over them. Yeah, you will You know you will and you'll find someone else who's quite different But has things you like more than you liked the one before and you do get to a certain point where you realize that No one can break you if they leave Because someone else will come and it will be fine. What is heartbreak teach you? Well heartbreak teaches you primarily I think as a man heartbreak is designed to teach you you're an adequacy Because you do get to assert a national on as a man where women will never leave you that does exist There is this magical land you get to where a woman can be like I hate you so much and all you do is She I mean you never even see me and I hate you so much I love you because there's nowhere else to go because they don't want to go down So at the top of the mountain it's very difficult for them to do grade They get there and you do get to that level When's the last time a woman's left you? So in years  I have women who I perhaps haven't even seen in years. We're still messaging me every day. I don't know. They came back. Yeah, well, yeah. I mean, but then what is a relationship? But this is again, you go down into, you get into them, everything gets confusing at a certain point. Because people say, are you with her? I'm like, I don't know. Am I, she still texting me all the time? I reply sometimes. She'll do anything I want if I want or two. I don't want to see her. She has no one else. I have everyone else. Are we together? Probably. Yes, no. It's all confusing, right? But in the normie world, I guess, and outside of global fame and all this in San E, in the normie world, I think heartbreak is designed to teach you lessons. I think everything bad that happens to you as a man is designed to teach you lessons. I think that's why God gives them to you. You're never going to be a good man unless you've suffered. Good men have been through a lot of bad things. And you have to realize why she left or why your heart is broken so that you can change certain things and grow. This is why God puts you in jail or allows you to lose a loved one or.  a heart break or a car crash, anything else. If you're an intelligent person and you crash your car, you sit and say, how did this happen? Was I driving too fast? No. Whose fault was it? Well, an amateur will say, it's their fault. They came speeding out of me, but a professional will say, no, they came speeding out of me. Why couldn't I avoid them? Why couldn't I move? Why didn't I see it? Why am I on this road in the first place? Like a professional analyzes everything from a position of what they could do about it, having control over all things. And it's the same with heartbreak. If you ask an amateur why is heartbroken, will she left me because of blah, blah, blah? And he'll just blame her like a dumbass. She's arrogant. She doesn't listen to me. She, her friends, convinced her to cheat. She wants this, instead of saying, I don't have what it takes to keep her. I don't have what it takes to talk in a way that makes her not want to listen to her friends. I'm not important. So if you self-analysed everything, then everything happens for the same reason. Whether, no matter what bad thing happens to you, including heartbreak, it all happens for the same reason. For you to analyze and get feedback.  I don't know if this is your quote, but I remember it from years back. It's like, if you were richer and more jacked, she wouldn't have left you. Yeah, of course. Do you think that's usually the case? Well, I mean, you can use, it's hyperbull, but it's a basic, it's a basic version that you could apply. Yeah, sure. If you were more important and more successful, she was less likely to leave you. That's, that's the truth. The thing about life is you become a better person by a feedback. You don't ever become a better person via anything else, especially in all practice. People say practice makes perfect and that's the biggest mistake, because it's not true. Because I often get asked, Andrew, how do you speak the way you speak? And I say, well, feedback. And they say, well, you've practiced, right? Well, everyone practices how to talk. There's people who've been alive 30 years longer than me who've been practicing to speak longer than I have. Don't speak the way I speak, for example. It's just an example. You have to feedback. You have to watch yourself talk. You have to see where you've made mistakes. You have to see where you say, um, uh, like, like a dumbass. You have to remove it consciously. You need feedback to improve.  So if a woman left you, that's feedback. Learn the lessons and make sure it doesn't happen again. Or sit and blame her and pretend it's nothing to do with you and then wait for it to happen to you again because it will. That's how life works. Like feedback I got from jail or my father dying or heartbreak or being stabbed or whatever it is, all of these things happen for you to learn from them. And everybody in life has these events and everybody in life has these traumas they can learn from. But most people are too stupid or too arrogant or too cowardly to sit down, blame themselves, look in the mirror, analyze the entire situation as if it was their fault and see what they can do to prevent it from happening again. If I get wet in the rain, I blame myself. Why didn't I bring an umbrella? Why was I outside? Why was the car not nearer? Why didn't I check the weather? It's all me. Where's the average person goes, why are you wet? I, it rained. And it's not their fault because the sky rains. It's not my fault. I can't stop the sky raining. Whereas I believe I could, I believe I could have stopped myself getting wet even if I can't stop the rain. It's a mentality.  If you were born a woman, would you still have the same vision and dedicate your life to spreading the same message? I actually think I have no idea what I do about a woman because I think that would be a dire existence But that's from the masculine frame because my I want to build an empire and As a woman if I still thought like that That would make me a very predatory woman. I'd be dangerous if I was a beautiful woman And I thought like me a patro. Yeah, if I thought like me But I wouldn't think like me because I'd be a woman. I think the best thing you can do is a woman is have a bunch of children I think it's the best thing you can do is have a bunch of children I think it's also one of the best things you can do as a man But as a man you have to protect and provide for those children so you have other pursuits, right as a man You don't have a want to have a bunch of children and not be able to give them a good life But as a woman You could find the right man and you can have a bunch of children and he can make sure that they have a good life And I think that's the most important thing you do. I think that's what a female's empire is is family So I think of all as a woman. I'd be parr-  I mean, but then once again, let's be honest all the things I talked about how and why society's damaged and how women are chasing the top 5% of men and all these things If I was a woman would I be a gold digger gold digger? Probably Probably yeah, I mean I want I want a good life like That's how the world works so Interesting it's really interesting for me to as a thought experiment I can't imagine the female me but if she was anything like me as a man She'd be dangerous, that's for sure What is a man learn from life about women and what does he need to learn himself? Women teach you a lot about how to get women which is actually quite interesting like very true They do women teach you a lot about how to get women themselves If you want to piss a woman off ignore don't insult her. Just don't reply and You should know that because when did a woman annoy you most when she ignored you? That's right so like you can learn so much from them but  Women are the prize effectively. Sexual access or access to sexuality has always been a prize for men that effectively had to be earned. You had to go to war and get, come back with a Valor star or you had to be a king or something to get access to sexuality. So women were the prize. On a tool of certain point and then if you're a high value enough man you can say you become the prize blah blah. But effectively women are a fantastic mirror and how women treat you tell you a lot about yourself. Because women are ruthless and if you're not a, if you, they don't see value in you or if they don't see value they can extract from you you're invisible to them. You know you can go to a nice restaurant with a girl and you can say how many men are in here and she'll say I'm three or four and she'll ignore every way or. I heard you say this and I tried it and they all said two three. Yeah. The way you don't exist. There were like hundreds of men in here. Wait, you still exist in their mind or if they can't get something from you you're invisible. So how women treat you in general is a good mark for how much value you openly.  If they can, if they can instantly see value on you, they'll talk to you and treat you a certain way. People think that beautiful women are really bitchy and rude. Nothing on. They're actually very nice and soft and sweet. They're actually quite shy and insecure if you're that guy. But if you're not that guy, they're like, get the fuck away from me. Because they don't even want to bother having a conversation on any level because you don't exude enough value. So women are a mirror. They'll tell you everything you need to know about yourself. And you should pay attention to it and you should change it. And you should fix it. What can you only learn by yourself? Well, I mean, I think the world's going to constantly and endlessly give you feedback. It doesn't, I mean, a women are a fantastic mirror and there's no point getting mad at the mirror. But I guess to a degree, the whole world is a mirror on some level. And I think that the hardest, the thing that people struggle with most, especially men, is that we only learn lessons to hard way. That's the problem. You want to be good at learning lessons to easy way, which is really paying attention and making sure the feedback you're receiving. You need to be  perceptive to it so that it doesn't have to be so hard hitting. You need to be the kind of person who goes out for a drive and his wheels slide a bit and he slows down. But what people typically do is they go out for a drive, they're wheels slide a little bit, they continue and then they crash and then they realize I should have slowed down once they hit a tree. They only learn the hard way. But when they got the easy little bits of feedback, they didn't want to pay attention to them because it was easy and they thought they got away with it. And it's the same with a relationship and the same with everything else. There's little bits of feedback. You go, ah, okay, this is going to be a problem later on if I continue, but they ignore that part. They wait for all to blow up and go wrong. And then they learn. So men only learn the hard way. And I guess you can speed things up if you try and learn the easy way. But sooner or later, hard things are going to happen anyway. God's going to make sure that so you're never going to be able to avoid that car crash one way or another. Something's going to happen and it's going to hit you. And then it's your chance to prove to God you are the person you say you are and to just be cerebral enough about things to understand that everything comes to an end one day unless you die. And if you die, then it doesn't matter anymore. So, you know,  It doesn't, they can throw you in solitary confinement. It's gonna end one day where you're gonna die. And when you die, it doesn't matter anymore. So there's no point in being completely distraught about it. You have to find the joy in the crack and the sunlight through the roof and that's life. What else can you do? Andrew, you're born with your brother Tristan is evident. What moment solidified your relationship with Tristan? We've always been, we've always been like this. I can't imagine us, I can't remember us ever not being like this. So it's difficult. Every single day solidifies that. It's hard for me to even say, we are a team. We'll always be a team and I think that's what brothers are supposed to be. I find it strange from brothers aren't a team. And if you're not a team with your brother, there's something that's in the way of that most often, whether it's egos, which have been, I mean, a lot of people have outside influences or they have egos, which perhaps the matrix is injecting into them. Perhaps there's something outside there in the world with the universe that's convincing you that.  your ego or ex-wise that is more important than your own brother. Females are another thing. People fall in love with their woman or their wife and their wife's like, I'm waiting to live with me. I don't need to be with him all the time. Come be with me. Females are another thing. But if you're not very close to your brother, something's in the way. So you should find out what that is. And you should then once again analyze, is that thing worth more than your relationship with your brother? Maybe it is. Maybe it isn't. I don't know. But in our case, our brotherhoods always come first. So we never had money in the way or jobs in the way because we always work together. We never had women in the way because we always lived together and the women had to come and join our household as opposed to Oscar to make a household with the girls. It was always us too as a team. And we've always been able to rely on each other. And I know that that is a massive source of strength. But it seems very rare. I was surprised by how rare that was until I became famous. And then people are like, where's the other brother's at? You know? But interesting. It's often said that a true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes when everyone else sees a smile. What is Tristan and your other close friends? No  about you that the world doesn't see. I think a true friend is someone who expects the best from you, to be honest. I think that masculine bullying to a bully. I think that the masculine realm of bullying is actually very, very powerful. I think that a true friend expects the best of you. I think if I were to go home right now and say I'm too sad to work, everyone would call me a dickhead and be like, something a faggot. That's what you mean, you're too tired to what we're talking about. I think that that peer pressure and camaraderie that comes with the masculine world, a lot of it can be delivered in a non PC way, but that's actually the power of it. So I expect my friends to hold me to a higher guard as opposed to see pain in me. And if they do see pain, I expect them to help me get through it. That's what I expect a friend to see more than anything else. Did they see anything right now? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think that if they do, then we're all busy getting things done and we all expect  best of each other. I would never have friends who don't do what they're supposed to do. It's just the way we are. We're a group of people who are all competent people and we do what we're supposed to do. And if there was one person who continually failed, they wouldn't be our friend very long because we wouldn't have any shared values. And irregardless of how I feel, I have things I'm supposed to do and they must be done, whether I'm happy or sad. So how important really is it? If I wake up sad or I wake up happy or I wake up angry, I have the same schedule for the day. So it doesn't matter if I came and sat in this chair, happy, sad, angry, whatever the podcast is going to happen. I'm going to do the podcast. I just don't understand the importance we put on feelings. Again, it was never something, I mean, this is a modern phenomenon, right? Men had due in honor and how they felt was not to be taken into consideration because they had things they were supposed to do. Now, once again, everything's become subjective, perhaps we're highlighting the importance of feelings amongst men because one we're trying to feminize them and two we're trying to make everything subjective once again. Oh, he doesn't  go to the gym because of XYZ or he feels down or he's depressed or he has ADHD or whatever fucking garbage that come up with, that's fine but he needs to go to the gym. So we can talk about all the reasons he doesn't go for the root forever. That's a very long life long conversation but he needs to go. So we've removed the needs and we've removed the hard facts and the duty and the honor and the commitment and we've replaced all with this subjectiveness and there's nothing more subjective than feelings. How I feel inside on a day I say I'm happy might be the exact same way someone feels inside on the day they say they're sad because their expectation might be higher for happy because they only think they're happy when they're running around laughing like a child whereas I think I'm happy as long as I'm not distraught. I'm happy all the time because I've nothing to cry about. So what am I going to cry about? The masculine fixation on emotion could be pushed for pharmaceuticals. Oh, oh yeah, it's a push for pharmaceuticals. It's a push for feminization. It's a push for subjectivism. It's a push to remove duty and honor. It's a tack on masculinity. I don't really give a shit how the men I know feel.  because they have things they need to do. And as long as they're going to do them, like they're supposed to do them, I don't really care that much. And if they were to come to me and say they feel down about something and they had a good reason, I wouldn't be insensitive, that's fine. But we're talking about a death of a family member or something. And we're talking about one or two days until you just get back to life. You have things to do. There are people in Gaza right now whose families are getting blown to smithereens. Are they sitting around doing therapy or are they rebuilding their homes? Action solves all things, time solves all things, God solves all things. And to sit around and be obsessed with feelings is highly feminine. I don't like that energy around me. I don't even accept it from women. I don't even like when women sit around. I'm sad. OK, that's fine. But I'm not, and there's things to do. You're not going to bring your negative energy in this house. If the cheer up we get out. The serum talk about being sad over nothing. It's just infantiles what children do. I think this obsession with feelings in general is once again purported by the matrix and they're trying to convince everybody that if you feel a certain way, it's OK to act a certain way. When truthfully, it's not. If I feel angry, it's OK to go.  you're not allowed to act on your anger or act, especially as a man. Women do this all the time. Oh, but I was a PMS or I had my period. So you're an adult. You're an adult. You're not allowed to scream at people. You're an adult. Control yourself. If you can't control yourself because you feel a certain way, then you're not allowed an opinion or anything because you're still a fucking kid. You're still a child. For all the women who say they do certain things because of PMS because they can't control themselves, even though they're a full grown adult. Why are you voting and having an opinion or anything because you're still a fucking child? Right? I feel angry. I don't shoot anyone. I feel sad. I don't cry. Get on with life. It's the adult mentality. So I'm not sure. Feelings don't cross my mind. If that makes sense. They don't cross my mind because they don't affect my day. So it doesn't change anything. So I have other things to think about. Going back to your childhood, do you know what your GPA was in school? I can't remember. I don't know. I got moved up too great.  I remember that, but then I asked to move back down because I didn't make friends as easily and they moved me down one grade. So I was one grade ahead, but I was only in school in America until I was like 10 and then I went to school in England, which was a very different experience. Did you interesting getting trouble a lot in school? Yeah. But now we didn't get in trouble a lot. No, I think we were fairly good students. We were kind of, we weren't particularly popular, we weren't unpopular. We were kind of like a side, side group to the main groups of the school. We had our own thing going on, but we were American and back then in England being from America for some reason was a big deal. But school was fairly easy. I'd ever tried that hard, but I always did well. I should have tried much harder, but even then when I was young I understood it was bullshit. And the worst of time. So I got B's and A's, but I didn't try to get B's.  and A's, I've just got these and A's because I had half a brain, you know, but I could have done it. Did you have a favorite subject in school? I could have done fantastically and gone and done really amazingly academically, but I just knew it wasn't going to make me rich and I wanted to be rich, so I just wasn't interested in it. My favorite thing in school, I don't even think I had a favorite subject. There were all just obligations I had to complete. So I just, I just did them all. They were all obligations to do. They were all fairly easy to do, but I knew it wasn't going to give me what I wanted. Once you guys got finished with your schoolwork, like what did you guys do? Like what was the activities? Yeah, so I had to play. My father was a professional chess player, so I had to play chess a lot. When I was in America and then when I moved to England, I started doing martial arts or even just fairly normal things. But even when I was only 15, 16, I was trying to find ways to make money. I started my first job when I was 15 years old, carrying boxes of fish, I used to carry boxes of ice. And I've always, I'm not sure why I've always been obsessed with money. I don't know if it's going to grow up poor, but a lot of poor people grew up and they didn't seem as obsessed as me.  always been obsessed with the idea of having money. And I think that in the world today, if you truly actually want something and you never give up on it, you're definitely gonna get it. But that's all I ever wanted. I wanted someone to just teach me how to make money. I remember even from the age of 15, going to school, or if I ever met anyone who was rich, or whatever, I'd say, I don't wanna learn a subject. I want money. I'm like, oh yeah, we go to school. No, no, no. I want to learn, teach me how to make money. Don't teach me fucking English. I speak English. Teach me how to make money. I'm just gonna be all these obstacles in the way. You have to go to school, you have to get your grades, and then you get a job, or didn't learn how to make money. And I couldn't find anyone to just teach me how to make money, which is I guess why I launched my school now that I currently have, because it teaches you how to make money. That's what it's for. Why did you create your school? I mean, you said it's, like, what age did you realize school was a scam? Did you know from the get-go? I knew from the get-go that school was a scam. I've always known it. And I was actually talking about this four or five years ago, I was discussing with someone how university is a scam.  and how people go because there's nothing else to do. They just finish high school or college, and they don't know what else to do, and they can't find a high paying job, so they go to university just a waste time. And somebody agreed with me and said, yeah, but there's no alternative, and I decided to launch an alternative. So we now own university.com, it's the largest online educational platform on the planet. $49 a month is cheaper than pizza, or hamburger, and we teach people how to make money online. Yeah. And there's a bunch of reasons why we're doing that. One of the primary reasons we're doing that also is because one of the ways the matrix keeps everybody under control is what we were discussing earlier, gatekeepers, and one of the largest gatekeepers is your job. If you have to call all the transsexuals, she's at your job, or the HR department will fire you, well, then they're doing very good and continuing to infiltrate the transgender movement amongst the minds of men in the world today. So I like the idea of any fan of mine being able to make his own money and being outside of the matrix and not being fully controlled so we can feed his family. So I feel like there's benefits to my-  to teach people how to make money online. Also, it was a gap in the market because everybody's tired of the idea of traditional education which teaches you absolutely nothing. And we're doing fantastic, you know, we have over 250,000 students, it's $49 a month, we teach people how to make money. And we're starting to launch our own initiatives now, we've just launched fundraiser.com. So I've taken $50 million in my own money. And now anybody who is a member of the real world who has a business plan can apply for funding, so I'm gonna own a percentage of all these other companies. The Matrix-led educational institutions were very unhappy with me getting university.com and buying that, that piston off, which was fun. So everything's going online anyway. Most things are moving online and this is a revolution in the educational space. And I think it's also one of the reasons why I was attacked so heavily because the educational mafia's and the loans attached to them have huge political sway. It's probably one of the reasons why they're so mad at me. But it teaches young men how to get rich and young men who are rich are harder to control. And as you said earlier, money often...  comes with other attributes. If you're good at making money, you've learned how to work hard and be dedicated and explain yourself to other people and have your own opinion and think outside the box. And if I can teach hundreds of thousands of young men how to get rich and not need a job, all the other skills are gonna learn along the way is gonna make them difficult to control as people. They're gonna be the kind of people who resist the matrix. So it all ties in together and it everyone benefits, right? I've gone through the real world, Andrew, and I think it's extremely useful. I think a common critique with courses and these kind of online programs is that you can find the information elsewhere online. But I think it's useful because of the amalgamation of the information and the actual path it shows you to take to make the money. And then the community aspect of people actually, like I made X amount and you can meet someone who's already made the money, doing the business you wanna do, talk with him, like learn the updated things. I don't know, I mean, sure the information's available online but you don't know where to look for each thing, you don't know how they connect. Absolutely, yeah.  laid it all out for you, right? So it's like saying, well, why would you buy a dictionary when all the words are available online? Well, in a dictionary, they're in order. Yeah. So it makes it a lot easier to digest. And then there's the community aspect, of course. And the fact we're always updating it and adding to the platform. We update the platform at AM every day. There's no other school in the world that updates itself every day. If you go to learn a college, if you go to a college, you're learning the same thing. It's a decade old. Yes, it's 10 years old. They don't update their textbooks every day. They don't update their information every day. And you can't post everything online, like on YouTube. In the real world, for instance, I went through the AI course and it showed me something about prompt engineering. And I was like, OK, you probably won't find this on Reddit. Like, they could actually put this. So you could prompt it in a way to get ex-result. Yeah, but they can't say that. Yeah, exactly. There's some interesting things. No, they're super interesting things. And the most important thing is that we've made it $49 a month, so it's super affordable for anybody. So I'm very, very proud of the school we've built. And we've just begun. We're going to launch the real world token soon. So everybody who's inside of the real world can increase their...  power level by making money. And there's going to be an airdrop that allows everybody to get the token. So it's quite a revolutionary thing we've done. You join $49. You learn how to make money as you make money, which is more than you've invested. You increase your power level, and then you're going to get free crypto coins based on your power level. So we are genuinely making people rich. We are improving the world. And that good karma of making hundreds of thousands of people rich, I feel like, is a massive shield against the evil and the satanists who are trying their very best to destroy the world and put me in jail. So my primary objective every single day, all day, every day, is to make the real world as powerful as possible, and make people as much money as possible. And once they have money, and they realize that money is not alone, you need money is not, money alone is not enough. You need brotherhood and network, then they can join the world. So in the real world, you help people learn really practical methods of making money to get big results. What are the most practical, spiritual, and energetic beliefs you have? Well, I don't want to be cliche. People who have the art, people talk about manifesting.  right? Manifestation is real, but not because your mind manages to magically attract the things you want. I don't believe it. Your results reflect your thoughts. Yeah, exactly. I think it just reminds you of what you really want and it allows you to find energy all the time. If you manifest yourself having a perfect physique, you're going to be a lot more motivated in the gym. It's not the thought that makes the physique. It's the gym that makes the physique. However, the manifestation makes you want to go to the gym. So I do believe that if you understood the power of your thoughts, you'd never think negatively ever again. But I think manifestation works in another way. I also think that once you understand all of the bad things and good things that come into your life are a perfect plan from God himself, you're going to be a lot less affected by the bad things. If something bad happens to you as part of God's plan, he knows what he's doing. In the end, you're going to be happy to happen. I often ask people, is there anything bad that's happened to you in the past? At the time you were to straw about that you now wish didn't even happen. And truthfully, you're like, no, I'm kind of.  glad it all happened because of. So if you understand you're always going to get there eventually, why be upset about it now, right? If you know in a year from now, you'll be glad it happened, why be upset about it happening now? You have to be cerebral enough about things. And I think if you take these approaches, if you take the approach of manifesting what you want, so you're constantly motivated and understanding all the bad things that happened to you or just a lesson and one day you're going to get over it, it's pretty easy to be a happy, contented, balanced person. I don't think there's any serious magic to happiness. I think it's a choice and it's pretty easy to do. I think the unhappiest people in the world don't have any struggle at all. You often find that people who are struggling but know exactly what they're supposed to do. If they're getting up every day and they're grinding and they're working hard and they don't have what they want yet, but they believe they're going to get it and they're trying their very best and they're dedicating themselves, they're very happy. Perhaps the people who are born with a trust fund and unlimited money and have no struggles in their life and they have no objectives to try and conquer are truly the miserable ones. Perhaps we're built for struggle. Perhaps the human mind and soul and spirit is built to struggle.  perhaps we're built to suffer. I don't me as a man. I'm happiest when I suffer. Why did the Emperor as we discuss earlier on constantly trying to expand their empires? Because they want to struggle. They want a difficulty. Would you play a video game if it was easy? If you could never die, I mean, cheats get boring pretty quick. You play it because it's hard. That's the whole point of it. You're supposed to struggle with it. You're supposed to suffer with it. So I think a lot of people confuse these things and they sit and say, ah, this is merely making me unhappy or people ask me about my current legal troubles. Is it making you unhappy? It must be really stressful. I said, yeah, perhaps, but if I didn't have it, perhaps I'd be worse. If I didn't have any, if I woke up and everything was just perfect, that'd be great for a few weeks. But if you just wake up and nothing ever goes wrong, I think that'd be quite depressing in its own way. That's the beauty of life is to up in the down because there's no light without dark. So if you understand these things, it's pretty easy to be happy. I guess on manifestation, is there anything that you don't teach people because it's too strange? Like, are there any unusual manifestation attacks?  you've used in the past decade, like speaking to moon water, collecting crystals, something weird. Is there anything that you've tried? It's a good question. I think I don't do anything that's crazy. If I say something, I stick to it. I believe that your word is your bond and you should stick to everything you say. So for me, the simplest life hack is to make sure I never see myself as a liar. If I say something, I'm going to do it. So if I say I'm going to run a marathon, I now have the energy to run the marathon because I don't want to break my word to myself. Which the hack to that is, I don't need the energy to run the marathon. I need the energy to sail on a marathon, which is a lot less. But once I've said it, I have to do it. Does that make sense? So if I look at something and I don't want to do it, and I think that looks too hard to do, I'll tell Tristan or I'll tell someone close to me, I'm going to do it. So now I have to do it. That's how I'll do things. So I'll, we can take a very simple example. There's 10 rocks to move, and I don't want to move them. They're too heavy. But if I say to someone, I can move all those rocks. I'm going to move all those rocks. Now,  have to move them. Otherwise, I'm a liar, especially. I think that's also easy because of my social circle, because they'll call me out on it. You said you're going to move those rocks. So now I have to do it. So I don't need the energy to get the work done. I need the energy to tell people I'm going to do the work and I have to keep my word to myself, which maybe some people find strange, but I think it's pretty simple. You have to build trust with yourself once you trust yourself, you can do the things you say you have to be the kind of person who doesn't lie to anybody, including yourself, especially yourself, don't lie to yourself ever, just be brutally honest with yourself all the time. Otherwise, you're not going to be able to make the correct move on the chessboard. If you think you're better than you are or worse than you are, you're going to make mistakes. You need to know exactly where you are and all of your capabilities, which once again is feedback like we said before.