 A woman can make or break a man's life. Same job, same house, same car, same dog, same sofa, same bed. Different reality. Yeah. Bro, different reality. And even worse, you'll know it's just the most when you have a girl who flips, who was cool, and now she ain't. And you're like, ah! Everything was good. Now you're upset what? Over what? And you'll see. But a woman can make or break a man's life. So you mentioned traditional women. Yeah. What do you find or know this? What do you find these women, bro? Firstly, you find her traditional woman because you have to make a traditional woman. You can't find a woman. You have to make a woman. You have to teach her and guide her. She has to learn from you. She has to grow from you. So you need to find a woman early enough in her career path of running around dating men before her to do anything detrimental to her psyche where she cannot absorb the lessons which you want to preach upon her. To answer the question we asked earlier, if you're at home and it's Valentine's Day and you're sad, et cetera, good. Good. You're lucky. And you're blessed. And you need that mental reframe. And it's amazing how powerful a man.  to a reframe can be. I think a lot of people even underestimate that, that the exact same scenario with a complete different reframe of it can change the outcome and all the lessons you learn from it. When bad things happen to me, my first answer is good. I've trained myself. This has happened good. Good. Supposed to happen, good. And that's the ultimate reframe. Because if you're gonna sit and go, why me? You gotta do it yourself. You need all these bad things to happen to you and you have to use them as fuel. I think that the universe or God or whoever you wanna call it, I think they know what they're doing. You're gonna get exactly what you deserve in this life. And if you don't have the things you want, quite often you don't actually deserve them. And if you start acting in a way where you do deserve them, you'll be surprised how quickly and easy they appear. You'll see. And a lot of you are sloppy and lazy and you don't care to look back and realize where you've been sloppy or lazy or realize where you've made mistakes. And then you're not understanding why your life is constant blunders and bluffs. Well, that's because you keep making mistakes money. Why are they with these guys or these broke guys or why they with this guy who's trying to come up? I think if you're actually really trying your best and your life and you're doing your...  very best to build a life even if you don't have it yet. I think people can smell it. Not just women, men, people can smell the ambit, they can see their life's in order. They're good, there's some things right. It's a, you can call it magic. You can call it energy. You can call it something. Potential is very loud. And it's kind of amazing that guys will sit and, what do I do about this girl? How do I get this girl? And they'll send super chats. How do I get this girl? How do I get that girl? If you actually just do the things you know you're supposed to be doing and get your life in order, you'd be amazed how quickly it all falls together. It's like everything else. In chess, good moves to come from good positions. Boxing. You land a good punch because you're standing in the right place at the right time. You do the right things. The rest of it's actually pretty easy. And as bad as this world is and as difficult as women are and feminism and all these things, I promise you, if you're acting the way a man should act with honor, integrity, your hard working, your perspicacious and you have perseverance and you do all the things you're supposed to do, you're gonna find a loyal woman who adores you. You're gonna find it. You can be in the world, you can be in, cause it's mine.  Where? Ratchet City, but you'll find a girl who's obsessed with you if you're doing all the things you're supposed to do. Even if you're not a millionaire yet, but if you're doing the things you're supposed to do. It's kind of beautiful how God will give that to you if you find and get your act together. I think all the bad things that happened to you in your life are extremely important. I think pain is one of the most important elements of the alchemy that's required to become the most fantastic version of yourself. If you look at any superhero movie, the superhero had pain. Batman's Batman because it killed his parents. They didn't kill his parents. He simply wouldn't be Batman. I think a lot of men when bad things happen to them, a heartbreak, etc. They don't understand that all that pain that's been given to you in that scenario is extremely important and valuable. Probably the worst experience as a man is to go through life and everything go right all of the time. Actually imagine it. You're born, you're wake up, everything's fine. Your girl ain't got to leave and you don't have to go gym and no one's going to try and fight you. And your bills are always paid. That sounds, that sounds depressing to me. A genuinely all these bad things are supposed to happen to you so you can level up. You're supposed to go  through the pains you can get better. It's a universal law of, it's a constant of the universe. Even if you want to build bigger muscles, you have to destroy the old ones. That's how they grow bigger, right? You want to be more resilient, you want to be more observant, you want to be more capable of dealing with negative scenarios or heartbreak or bad things happening to you. Well, then you better get used to pain. Pain is the flavor of life. And the people who try and change the flavor are never going to be as competitive as the people who eat it up and go, okay, that's what it tastes like. Find by me and give me some more. And those are the ones who get very good at it. So if you're sitting here at home and you're sad, fantastic. I'm a little bit jealous. I'm genuinely a little bit jealous. Bad things are supposed to happen to you, but you have to use them as fuel. You can't sit there and let the bad things happen to you and feel sorry for yourself. You've got to take all that pain and turn it into something good. That's your responsibility as an adult. Yeah, I think men have a natural innate masculine instinct to protect and to provide. Yep. If you're a man who has this stuff in order, you naturally want to protect those you care about. And you naturally want to provide.  for them. You have no problem paying their bills and taking care of them. A good man has no problem paying the bills for his woman and paying the bills for his kids and making sure they're safe. That's what a man wants to do when he has his things in order. If you're the kind of man who doesn't feel that way innately, there's something wrong with you. And there's probably 50s unacceptable guys. Yeah, and there's probably something wrong with you because you're not being the best version of yourself and it's amazing how easily you'll do the things you're supposed to do when you're the man you're supposed to be. And if you focus on making sure you're as strong and rich and smart and hard working and intelligent as possible and if you're careful with the company you keep, both male and female and you have friends like that's what's so important about masculine networks. So if you're if you're the good person around the right people you're going to end up affecting everyone around you. You can't go through the world without leaving a ripple, a ripple effect. And that's why you have to be your best version of yourself and that ripple effect is going to be vast and it's going to be continuous into space time and you don't know how the barf life works. You don't know about you being a nice courteous person holding that door open at one time. How that can affect someone's life in such a positive way or smiling at someone  someone when they do something nice to you or helping someone who needs help. You can be a genuinely good person but to do that you need to be a man of capability. You need to understand that the whole world can be fixed and men and people get their act in order. And I truly believe that all of this falls on men but I actually believe that men are meant to lead and women in general in general is a general rule when they find a man they respect they follow him. And I know that because if you meet a good woman she loves you all of a sudden she likes to music you like, she likes to cars you like, she believes to politics you watch, she watches to shows you watch. So if we have such a problem with women, the games you play, all of it. So we have such a problem in the world today that's going to back down to a huge lack of masculine role models on a huge lack of men doing their job because as much as we laugh and clown on women etc. If you're a man who has a stuff in order you're going to find a woman who's will to you. And they do exist. It's all about taking accountability as a person, blaming yourself for absolutely everything so that you have power over the situation because you have no power of you playing the world. You blame women for everything. You have no control.  If you blame yourself, you have control over the situation. And I think that men get their act together. You'll be surprised how that will expand out towards the side and how not only your life gets better, but the life of everyone you care about, everyone you meet, everyone you interact with, their lives get better by extension. And that's what we need to fix the side. If you're working hard, training hard, showing your brave, showing that you're not afraid, this is some of the things that I think people don't understand as well. We talk about emotionality in men and how women find unattractive. And I actually agree by and large, if you cry in front of your chick to a degree she'll lose respect for you. But it depends why and there's always nuance and scenarios where that changes. If you're crying outward frustration or crying like a girl because you can't fix something, then I think she'll lose a lot of respect for you. But if you're sitting there furious with tears running down your face because you're about to go kill the man who hurt her, she ain't going to lose respect for you. That's different. So again, even a lot of the other arguments, a lot of the things people we talk about, emotionality in men or all these things or crying, et cetera, it ties back to the basic premise. I'll tell you now, I would argue with all my money.  And all my status and all of my physical attributes and how-handsome-I am and all- If a woman felt like she wasn't safe with me, like I would allow something to happen to her and I wouldn't do anything about it, she'd leave. Sooner or later, she'd leave and she might leave me for the thug who would kill a dude who looked at her wrong and maybe he's too far the other way, but they crave that safety. There's no light without dark and if you want a woman to truly respect you she needs to rely on you for everything, but you better not fail her and that's- well you have a huge responsibility as a man, you got massive responsibility, you can't be the guy who says I don't know. But when she comes to you and says this is broken and you go I don't know, she's gonna look you like what- who are you? Even if you don't know, you gotta find someone who does know and pay the price and get it fixed, and that's your job as a man. Or you just say no I'll just tell her I love her all the time, everyone on Instagram tells her they love her. And eventually she'll check one of their profiles and he's got nicer car than you and he's better looking than you. And it's just a slow ticking time bomb and we're gonna apply this for relationships and everything else. You don't owe it. Everything is ready.  You have a nice business. You stop working on it. You go broke. You have a nice body. You stop training. You lose it You have love. You stop working on it. You lose that too. Everything is rented And I'll tell you the number one thing in the world that's rented that most people don't realize is that there is your woman's respect for you You can't start slipping Because you start slipping and and the trap is they make you slip. Yes Just stay just eat this food. The superpower is to never be slipping I'll even tell you now if personal is a personal story personal experience But women have said to me you always live with your boys. Why you always with your boys? I'd like to live with you But they never leave me because living with my boys what keeps me sharp That's why I am the man they're in love with in the first place If I live with just them you're never going to be the same as when you're with the predators You're never going to train as hard you're never going to be keep your head on the swivel the same You've got to have that you've got to have that warrior instinct So when we talk about a woman's respect being rented for you that comes down to so many tiny things It comes down to the fact that your phone is charged and your gas tank is full  and you're organized. Bro, some of my best conversations are me sitting with my girl and talking about what we would do when World War Three comes. What we're gonna do when the world, what we would do if someone tried to break into our house where they can't baby, because I put a gate there and I've got arm guards, I've got bulletproof doors. Look, here's a clock, I've got this here. I didn't know that gun was there. Of course I do baby, I've got everything. Like, they love here in that, they don't love it, they love here in that more than anything. They're ready. But, stay ready, because that's what they expect from you as a man. That, I'll tell you, nothing will turn a chick on more than you telling her how you'll fight the entire world to save her. But they also expect the of you. And it doesn't matter how liberal the relationship, doesn't matter how feminist, the girl and guy, if they're walking down the street and a man comes up to attack them, she's gonna expect her man to do something. Damn right. So you're gonna expect him to do something. I think one of the few things left you can offer as a man that social media can not let yet replace us for is security and safety. I think it is your primary objective to make a woman feel safe. And I think if you can do that, she will feel something intrinsic that is...  aligned with her biology that she can't get from social media. And if you do it well and you're good at your job, in fact, her being famous on social media having so much attention ties into her needing safety even more. And I think that that security and safety can be physical, it can be financial, it can be in a lot of different ways. But if you say to a woman, look, you can get a bunch of attention on Instagram, sure. You can make some money on Instagram, sure. A bunch of men are going to message on Instagram, sure. But I'm the only one who's going to make sure nothing bad happens to you. I'm the only one who's going to make sure you don't make mistakes. I'm the only one who's going to make sure that you are taken care of. And if there's a problem, you can call me no matter what. And that requires a degree of competence and capability. But I feel like, and I'm just talking for personal experience, if you can't make a woman feel safe nowadays, in lots of different regards, both physical and financial, and even intellectually safe. If you're competent and a woman comes to you with her problem, it takes you less than a fraction of a second to tell her what to do. If you can make her feel safe, you can compete with the machine mind. But if you can't give her that safety feeling anymore, at your Joe Schmoh...  you can't do it or if you don't feel like or she doesn't look at you as a man who she can come to for guidance or advice. If you can't give her safety, I don't think you can compete with Instagram. I think you're going to lose. No matter how much money you have or how much attention you give her, you can't give her more attention than the world will give her on Insta. You can't safety is all we have left which is which ties into why it's so important you need to be a masculine man in the first place. She needs to look at you. My girl says to me all the time you're my hero. You're like a hero. You're like a superhero. You're like the heroes. I know nobody can touch me if you because you you stop them. Like you have to give that feeling of safety now. You do. Otherwise, I don't think you can compete. So then you have to sit down as a man. Okay, I have this woman. I really love her. She has this Instagram page. She's getting money attention, validation, all these things from there. I want to make her feel safe. How do I do that without coming across a controlling weirdo? Well, she needs to truly respect me and allow me to have enough guidance and enough control over her life or her. Who feels as safe as a person for to respect me as a man or respect my competence. But I  I feel like striving to give your woman safety is now more important than ever. Safety's one of the last true emotional biological triggers that women have left. Truthfully, truthfully, if you care about your woman, you should be doing this anyway. If you live in Phoenix, Arizona, and you see girls who get murdered in Ferris, Phoenix, Arizona, you need to send that news article to your chick. Yes, that's not, that's not being manipulative. That's saying, look, everyone thinks it won't happen to them till it happens. It happens. Look at this. Here's how, and then ask her as an adult. You're an adult. How do you think, look at the scenario, read the article. Why did this happen to her? Well, first it was 9.30 at night. Secondly, she was by herself. Thirdly, she was riding a bike. Like, how do we make sure this never happens to you? Do you understand that I wouldn't be able to continue with my life and be the same person that I lost you? How do I make sure this never happens to you? My number one goal is not to stop you having fun and not to stop you living your life, but I feel like as a man, I need to protect you. Here's this, this, this, this, this, that. Once you show your intention is truly for her safety, she's gonna be far more.  likely she'll have a much higher propensity to listen to what you say because that's the last thing left you can offer as a man. Now if you're lazy, if you're lazy, if you're lazy, if you don't train, if you, uh, you don't know how to fix the fridge, if you come across as incompetent, if you're sloppy, if you're slow, then she's not going to believe you when you try these things because you can say, well, what would you do anyway? I have genuinely never been or every single girl who knows me whenever they watch the movie and this is a swear to God when they watch Taken, they message me. They say you do that, wouldn't you? So of course, top G, they believe I'd leave me. Because I'm that guy. Yeah, I'm that guy in their mind. And you go be that guy. I've had my girl say to me, can I go here? And I say no, it's, I don't trust those people or it's dark or on this planet, 50% of all people alive are females. So that woman you think is so special, that one you really want, she's so special, she ain't special, bro, she ain't special. Get that shit out your head straight away.  Because the more special you think she is, the more you're gonna fuck up when you're talking to her. She ain't special. She takes a shit in the morning like everyone else. It's the fucking human organism who cares. Those girls put your nerve around. Maybe you ain't got their phone numbers, but they exist. So go and go out and get them. So don't be trying too hard. Now the reason I get away with such little work is because I've put such a high price tag on myself. I am a four-time kickboxing world champion multi-millionaire. So even any female, no matter how beautiful knows, I'm never gonna be the guy hitting her up constantly. I'm not gonna be the guy she can call and I'll always answer. I'm not gonna be the dude who will give her lips to work. She knows I got shit going on. Remember what I was saying earlier to you about how I've never struggled with females because I never focused on the females. These other game books and bruises and all these idiots. This is the woman, get the woman, get the woman, forget the bitch, forget her, forget all the chicks. Worry about yourself, get yourself straight. And when your own shit straight, go to your self together, females are...  an added bonus. It's much easier to focus on yourself and get yourself high level and then start getting females than it is to forget about yourself. Spend all your time day game running around the mall doing a thousand approaches trying to pick up a real fucking slut will bang anyone and gain late. Fuck that garbage. All the game you've read before is bullshit. It's absolute bullshit and you're going to see why it's bullshit and one of the upcoming videos about how to keep hot girls especially you're going to see why it's bullshit. But it's bullshit because if you go up to a thousand girls you get five phone numbers and one might fuck you. Yeah I'm sure that's absolutely true but so you're going to spend your life instead of becoming rich instead of becoming strong instead of becoming smart you're just going to fucking run around the mall approaching girls day game. Bullshit garbage for children. All that shit is for children. I focused on myself and that's how I've managed to attain the highest quality females and also not attain retain which is another thing we're doing this separate thing.  Because retaining females is completely different to obtaining females. So we're talking about the factors that you cannot control. In terms of females, we talked about the timing, how some stores are closed, talk about how you have to make her like you more than the other guys. And sometimes that's difficult, let me tell you something. She might be talking to a real G. If she's talking to me, you'd have struggled to make her like you more. That's true. I have more tangible assets, more physical financial and mental assets, plus I know the game. Sometimes you're out class. It's how it goes. Sometimes you're just out class. It's how it goes. It's another thing you can't really control. What you can control in those situations is that you don't make her lose respect for you. And don't kill your chance for the future by being a little begging for attention bullshit. Keep your honor about you. But if you're going to lose the game, there's two ways to lose it. With honor and without honor. You're going to lose. As soon as you sense you're going to lose. You should detect this girl I'm not going to get her.  that you can either lose her by begging, hoping for that little tiny chance, and losing all your respect, or just thinking, you know I'm gonna try again in eight months, fuck this bitch, I'll get someone else. So we all know what the correct decision is. Don't be fucking so desperate for a girl, you just lose all your honor and self-respect. Because then you're never gonna get her. I have her. And that's some real dumb shit. So I want you to understand, when we start talking about women, there's a whole bunch of factors you cannot control. When it comes to approaching hot girls, you have to understand this, summer open for business, and summer close to business. Next, what can you do? The side factors you cannot control, what factors you can control. Well, body language is one of them obviously clothes, and you've discussed all this. But really, when it comes to approaching females, game as a whole is something I don't like. I don't like the idea of it, because it's bullshit. It really is bullshit. I cannot sit here and tell you how to act. Even if I told you to have the exact same mannerisms as me, and say the exact same things I would say, they work for me, but they will not work.  for you because we're individuals. We're absolutely individuals. But the same reason when you learn to fight and you learn the basics of it, but if I were to say mimic my movements millimeter for millimeter, I won't get hit. You will get hit because we're different bodies. It's just we're different people. So I can't sit here and say do this, do this, do this. Anyone who tries to tell you that what they're doing is, they're trying to oversimplify an extremely complicated situation and attempt to get paid because every single female you approach is going to be different. Every single scenario when you're in is going to be different. Every restaurant you sit in is going to be different. You're different to me. The mood she's in is going to be different. The weather is going to be fucking different. Maybe it's raining, maybe it's sunny. Everything has a small park to play. So for me to sit here and say if you do this and then you do this and you do this, you're going to get laid. It's to kind of bullshit people package up, trying to make it a complicated situation seem simple to get money. Being laid is not simple. The only thing you can do if you want to retain, especially in a future video, retain...  as well as obtain hot women is be yourself. You cannot project and act for any considerable period of time. That's not possible. The only way you can be anything for a considerable period of time is to be yourself. So maybe you're a shit person. Yeah fine, maybe. But you have to absolutely not be yourself. Now there are some things which are iron clad that official when it comes to getting females. You can be yourself and be a confident version of yourself as opposed to a meek version of yourself. Confidence is always attractive because men were built to leave. Like I said earlier men were built for combat. So confidence is something you need. Everyone already knows this shit. And confidence doesn't have to be sitting there and bragging. Confidence is little things. When you pick the girl up where are we going? I know where we're going. Not where do you want to go? She's not here that shit. She just want to make decisions. Females don't want to think. They want to be led down a rabbit hole and entertain her. They want to be entertained. They don't want to think. They don't sit there and have to think about it. They'll say yeah we're going to  Even if you get there and it's shit, you're not liking it, so yeah, well, I do. Stick to your fucking guns. The confidence is obviously the first thing, but you know that shit already. Just be confident about who you are and what you say. Don't be into being an asshole. Yep, but be an asshole. In fact, a lot of people confuse to do. A lot of people go, girls like assholes, no, girls like confidence. But nowadays, only assholes have confidence. If you're the rare select guy who's not an asshole and also supremely competent, you're definitely gonna fuck. You ever gonna be an asshole? It's the confidence you're attracted to. Not the asshole, but at least. So yeah, you absolutely have to be yourself. You have to be a confident version of yourself. When we've already talked about this in lesson one, believe you can do anything. You're about to go on a date with Megan Fox. Are you intimidated? No. It's you're the fucking man. And you're gonna fuck her. Same night. I have to take her into the worst restaurant in town. Because you can do anything. It's you're a fucking dude. That's how I think. I didn't brush my hair. I didn't shave. I rock up and fucking close and wear up two days. I'm gonna fuck. Turn it up. Hi.  Start talking shit or you know it should make it because I know my skills. I know I'm the chief You know you're the G You ain't got nothing to worry about you can be yourself and you can be a completely different person to me personality-wise and still be a G You can say completely different things and still be successful You can have different mannerisms and different techniques or whatever bullshit and still be successful If you've implemented the first lessons correct I'm gonna actually I'm gonna digress There is a way to get revenge on women every time any I've heard anyone say all my expert confirmation cheating on the onion revenge I need revenge that's that's that's sick-minded. That's that's in cell level shit The only kind of revenge that you can get on a woman is this ever say goodbye politely Keep working hard and crease your value as a man wait three years four years six years Eleven years and wait till you are the man and she's just now some chick 28 29 She's like Tristan, you know  It should have always been you. Then you can either tell or know or break your heart again. But the thing in the sad part is, it's five years of work. At least five years of work. And nobody wants to do the work. It's like getting in the shape, because I'm sure you know. It's, you know, when guys are fat and they're like, oh, well, you get women because you're in shape. It's like, well, you could be in shape. But it's for you, it's two years. It's three years, you know? Are you willing to do that? The same is with your finances, the same with your mindset, the same with lots of things. So, yeah, if you do the work, the women do naturally come to you. But it's years of work. And everyone wants a quick fix nowadays. Everyone wants a magic pill or a magic spell or magic trick. And there are no. Well, I think a lot of it has to come down with, I mean, success with women is much like success in business or success in sports. It's down to you. It's personal accountability. And that's what a lot of guys want to throw out the window these days. And what they want to do is they want to blame women. It's like failing in every business you've ever attempted  or failing in every boxing match or every American football game, NFL game you've ever played and blaming the referees or blaming the rules. No, it's personal accountability and it's personal responsibility. And when you see guys out there who say like all women are garbage, I believe them because I believe all the women they get to meet are garbage. Because they're bottom fears. They're low to your men and they're attracting low to your women. And low to your people of all sorts of track each other. Low to your men have low to your male friends and get low to your girlfriends. And I believe the women they meet are garbage. They don't get to operate at my level and they don't get to see how wonderful women truly are. Because I'm picking the fruit at the top of the tree. So I think a lot of these guys need to really, really look in the mirror as I do. And sometimes look at myself and be sad. You're a little out of shape. Tristan, you've been sleeping too much, you've been part too hard, you've got bags under your eyes. You let yourself go a bit and you have to keep yourself in check. You have to stay at the very top and if you don't stay at your very top, you're not competitive.  every single species on the whole planet is exactly the same. Every single female of every single species, look at the most competitive males, and think those are the ones I want to have my children. And women, human women, are exactly the same. So if you're not having the success of women that you want, don't go out there trying to blame women, and don't go out there trying to change women. I mean, the six foot four thing, fine. I would have been tall regardless. Right. I would have been six foot four. But if I was a really skinny dude who, you know, I had no money, sat at home playing the Xbox, you know, I'd have no receipts on social media, no woman, no one would know who I was. You know, I'd probably have a patchy beard because of low testosterone, because I've never done any training in my life. That guy's not getting laid. Six four or no six four. There are lots of situations in life where your hands are tied. Okay. You can let this destroy you, which is an option, and people do this all the time, drink themselves to death. I don't know, start cutting themselves, whatever stuff people do to cope with difficult situations. Or you can be...  sad anyway because you're sad either way and work 18 hours a day. You can work 18 hours a day, not let anything distract you and stay focused on the mission. So that way you have less time to think about it and you can be sad while you're working. And then you know when you start to come to terms with everything you got millions of dollars as opposed to all I've come to terms with everything but I'm in a rehab clinic. So I think that bad things are going to happen to you like I never want to watch it. This is the sad truth of it. So I didn't really see why it was difficult as much as it was unpleasant. I don't think it was difficult because there isn't a way out of it. So it's the best way I can describe it. You can be a sad winner or a sad loser. Go and win every day. So yeah. So it's not just that it's getting harder to be the man. It's getting harder to be not the man because you don't even have the safety net of being able to pay $100 to see for the beautiful woman. So yeah it really really sucks to be most people in the world right now but  It is better to be a high-value man. And mine and my brother's message of saying, you know, improve yourself, get smarter, get better, get stronger, um, dress better, and drive a nice car, earn more money. When I'm saying that to young men, it's because I feel like that is now necessary in this world to live a really great life. You can live a life worth living without some of those things. But to live a really great life, really do you? Has your heart ever been broken? Completely. Everybody's heart's been broken. Every single man, every single woman has been through a period where they want someone back. We didn't want them. Difference between me and everyone else's. I never left my pride or my dignity go out the window for it. That's the big problem with the law of this heartbreak stuff. It's not that you're feeling heartbroken is bad. That's part, natural part of the human experience. You just can't sacrifice your dignity for it. Yeah. I'll tell you, I'll tell you a very quick story. This is a story I've never told before. When I was, how old was I? 23? When I was 23, I was dating a ballerina. Which was the prima ballerina of the Cambridge Ballet School.  And I had no money. I was a fighter, but I was coming up. I didn't really have any money. And she lived far away like an hour and a half away, but she used to come see me and we were good for like a year, year and a half. I love this girl, yeah. And she finished ballet school. She started dancing in clubs and London. She couldn't get any ballet works to fight surprise, surprise. So she ended up doing like dancing and I'm not stripping, but like dancing in the club, you know, so now she's around all the London money every day. She's out dancing all the time. She's up late every night. She doesn't want to drive an hour and a half to come see me. None of this shit. So we're kind of falling apart a little bit and she ended up talking to someone famous. David Hay. I don't know who he is. He's a boxer. So anyway, when I finally saw her again, she was like, we had an argument. She's like, well, you know what? You think you're a fighter? This guy, that guy, this guy, that guy. I'm like, look, so I had this argument with her back and forth and I explained to her that these men are just going to use you and they're going to do it. At least get paid. And when she left the house, Tristan said, why are you telling her to the dudes? I'm like, no, I'm just understanding that in my chest position, I've lost this game. Right. The game is done now. Just as sooner or later she's out. All we do is argue she's in the club every night.  the queen's sacrifice right right right should we we broke up three months later I don't know if she's gonna know who she's I don't know I never spoke for a sense but that's kind of the analogy you have to be able to apply to life sometimes chicks got to go yeah sometimes they have to go to save the king and too many dudes most of the time men truly lose it life it's because they've attached themselves to a queen and they won't matter up they won't sacrifice her no no matter what I promised I'm gonna stick by you this is our marriage the house no matter what no matter what and they just stay on that signature which eventually leads to this and it's it's sad to see but men keep doing it what women want from men well the first thing we have to understand is that it depends right of course it depends it depends on how old the woman is what part of her life she's in if she's looking for excitement adventure or she's looking for a family into settle down it completely depends but in general if a woman is gonna dedicate herself to a man then that man has to be all encompassing it has to be a man who can fix most of her problems he needs to provide  stability and safety, which everybody knows, but not many people consider that he also has to provide drama for her. He also has to be entertaining for her. If a woman only talks to you and you're the only man in her life and there's never any drama or there's never any conflict, I'm not saying this is going to start an argument, but if there's never any drama because drama is excitement, then they're going to naturally try and find drama somewhere else and that always ends very badly for the man. You don't want to let the try and find drama outside of the relationship. Women sit there and watch the Kardashians all day. They're addicted to dramas, what they care about. So if you're a woman's entire world, you also have to be the person who can... You have to shock her a bit. You need to be entertaining, all encompassing from head to toe. Women want to be with a man which keeps him entertained and a man which they trust and a man which they believe can fix all of their problems. This is another important thing. If a woman comes to you with an issue and you can't fix it, you'll see very quickly how soon they lose attraction. But truthfully, it doesn't matter if it's getting a girl or it's making money or it's getting status. It doesn't matter what it is. As a man,  competitive environments, I don't think enough men understand how competitive the world is. If you want a girl, you're competing against other men. You're not the only man who had the idea of getting that girl. There's no girl you're going to see and go, ah, I'll get that girl and didn't cross anyone else's mind. Everybody else wants her. You have to outcompete other men. You have to be as competitive as possible. You have to be as successful as possible in all realms. You have to be as good looking, as funny, as smart, as spontaneous, as interesting, as charismatic, as rich, as possible. You need to try very hard to be your absolute best. And as you become a better man, you'll crack through different tiers of attractiveness and eventually you get to the top and you build up to have any girl you want. But the truth is, I have a lot of guys ask me, similar to your question, a guy will come to me and go, how do I get a girl? My bro, you're a loser. Yeah, but I know about how do I get a girl. Well, you're a loser. You're a loser. Why are you asking me? It's like saying, how do I win a race with a push bike? You're racing for our race. What do you want me to do? There's only so much you can do. There's only so hard you can pedal. There's only so many tricks and tips. There's only so many game things you can say, so many pickup lines. If you're a loser, it's going to be very...  very, very difficult and it's going to get harder and harder. The game is rigged to become harder and harder for men. It's not getting easier. It's going the other way. And if you're going to be on a racetrack and there's going to be Ferraris there and you're going to be on a pedal bike or in a Nissan, you're going to get smoked. That's the game. You have to improve yourself. I'm not going to lie to anybody here and say you don't have to improve yourself. You can stay a loser and get chicks because you can't. You need to be a man worthy of respect because a woman needs to respect you to love you. And the way a woman's going to respect you is one of you respect yourself and two of other men respect you. You're not just going to sit around and just think just because you're born with it, you're going to instantly get respect from females with unlimited choice. That's stupid, right? That's absolutely stupid. And in spite of all these facts, some men are still remarkably lazy. Well then you're going to live the reality that you've painted. You made your bed and you're going to live in it. That there's nothing else we can do for you. That's the reality of the world. You need to level up as a man. If any man who's watching this, it's not just money. It's not just being in shape. It's everything. It's life experience. It's a disaster.  It's having that famos. Any emotion you feel should be converted into positive. Influencing. Yeah, you should do good things with any emotion you feel. I can't, and what else are you gonna do with it? And this is a genuine question. What else, let's say your wife breaks her heart. If you're not gonna work, you can't sleep anymore. You're upset, she's running around with a new dude, you see her Instagram stories, she got some new guy, you're furious, and you're angry, and you're jealous, and you're bitter. With all of this inside of you, but you're not gonna go to the gym and work hard and become so fantastically in shape and so rich and so powerful that no girl ever leaves you again. You're not gonna do that. What are you gonna do with it? Text her. Try and explain to her. She doesn't care. Like, you can write the most perfect English. You can write the most beautiful words ever constructed. Forget Shakespeare. You can do, you can do, you can't, she doesn't care. She just doesn't care. She's distracted. Forget about it. She forgot about it.  What are you going to do with all of that inside of you if it's not positive? Well, it's going to consume you and you're going to end up self-destructive, or you're going to embarrass yourself, or you can take all of that and put yourself in a position where it never happens to you again. Those are the choices. So what's the most intelligent choice to make? I don't understand how many humans function in the world today. I don't get people who don't think like me. I don't understand it. I'm like, well, then how would you survive this long? Life is hard. Life is difficult. Maybe I've just been unlucky, which I don't believe in, but I've had so much trauma and bad events and negativity and stress and all these things that happened to me, and I've used all of it to be monumentally successful. If I wasn't that way inclined, with the workload that God put on my shoulders, I'd just be in a ditch somewhere. I'd be able to kill myself by now. I don't understand how people are functioning. If you're not thinking like me, and you're going through life with any other mindset, you've been extremely fortunate that  God smiled on you and allowed you to sit around most of the time doing jack shit and you have yet to be punished for that. I could never have lived that life. If I was a bit lazy or a bit, you know, or I was a bit of a snake or if I lied to people, I'd be dead by now. Like so a lot of these people are just absolutely not really blessed by God that they managed to go through life for such a non-competitive mindset and they still breathing. Like, I don't understand how people can think any other way. I've spoken to dudes and like, yeah, you know, I had a bad couple months. Why? A girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months over some... But the reason I'm the luckiest man on earth is because God has given me endless building blocks to build a superhero. He's given me endless power. He's given me endless motivation. Where do we say? He's given me endless. I have endless sources of power. I can sit here right now and recall events that will prevent me from sleeping for two to three days. That gives me a superpower that other men do not have. They want to go to sleep. They're tired. I can...  I'm stopping tired for days at a time. I can just have a thought. I can remember, I can sit, close my eyes, and use the power of my brain to vividly remember events, and I will not sleep for days. So how do you need any drugs? I've never taken a drug in my life. I've never tried cocaine in my life. I've never tried weed in my life ever. Whoa. I drink a lot of coffee. I smoke cigars, bit of vodka, but I've never tried narcotic in my life. So, and when people come to me and say, oh, this happened, I'm really sad, or my heart broke, or this bad thing happened to me. I say, good, good. Thanks the Lord that he's given you this endless source of motivation. You're wasting it. That's your problem, but it's been given to you. Nitrous oxide has been given to you. You just have to use it in the correct way. So I'm the luckiest man in the world because all the bad things that happened to me have given me all the building blocks to become the most fantastic man in the face of the planet. Every, I don't think there's ever going to be one person on the planet. You're truly compatible with, I think, there's going to be a few. And if you have your life in order as a man, truly in order than you're compatible with a lot more people, I think that if you're a man.  man is struggling to find somebody you're compatible with, that's probably because you're a degree, you're a loser. If your life's in order, then you're compatible with a lot of women. Like me, for example, I don't need a woman to mother me, I don't need a woman to motivate me to tell me to stop playing video games, I don't need to do anything for me, I need her to be happy, positive, protect my spirit, pray for me, maybe little things, make me a coffee, some kind of small gesture, but my money's right, my motivation's right, my life is right, and if she is associated with me, by proxy, she's going to have a fantastic life. I can't fly on my jet and put her on an easy jet, like she's going to end up on jets, she's going to end up in the five-star hotels, she's going to end up not having to worry about money, she's going to end up in the best restaurants, by proxy, she's going to have a very fantastic life, so you'll find that if your expectations of a woman are for her to be happy and you have a lifestyle that makes her happy, a lot of women are pretty happy, and you get along with basically all of them, it's kind of amazing how that works, it thinks a very special type of character to still be dislikable in those kind of scenarios, whereas if you-  your life is less perfect for your reality is less impressive. Then yeah, then you need a girl who's happy to be bored or hot and then it becomes harder. Yeah, but I don't have any of those problems. Here's the truth about male female relationships. Women fuck men they respect. Got to say, they don't fuck men they like, they don't fuck men they love, they fuck men they respect. If she loves you and likes you and doesn't respect you, she will not have sex. I have women who respect me and fucking hate me, but they're here every time I call. There has not been in a history of humanity across any culture, any book, any story, any fable. There has never been across a history of humanity, any respect but in the name of a promiscuous female ever, ever. You name the biggest conquerors that you can possibly name from history. Ganges Khan, Alexander DeGrey, all of them. They all had 100 wives, bunch of children, big G conquer the world. Normal. That's normal evolutionary biology. That's how men are designed to be. There's never been a single female who's been celebrated for a promiscu, eat, ever in history. It's always been found upon and disgusting. But yes, we are completely notly different. Yes, it's different if a woman shoots on a...  man and if a man is at a complete top level of his life and takes every single box and if he decides to be loyal, which some do, and I can be loyal and I have been loyal, but there's also times when I lie for I think, fuck it, I don't want to be and get a new girlfriend every single day of the week, I can do that and I can decide to do that. A woman decides to do the same, purely because her value is high enough to attract so many males because she's beautiful for example, it is completely different for a female to be promissed to on a long enough period of time without devaluing herself because she is fucking people she shouldn't be fucking. There is no way she is sleeping with endless men and all of them are either high value men or treating her the way she should be treated. If you find a woman who slept with 50-100 dudes, she's either fucking dudes which are at her level or haven't worked hard enough to try and get the pussy shoes just too drunk to realize he's a loser plays video games or she's fucking a top G who barely texts her back. So either way she's fucking dudes she shouldn't be fucking or a guy who's at the level who doesn't give her the right amount of attention. For a woman to find a guy who's truly on a level who truly treats her the way she should be treated, that's once every couple years if that.  So when a woman is sleeping around with all these men, she's devaluing herself. She's devaluing herself and the world knows, God knows, the universe knows. When a man doesn't even devalu yourself at all, that's just the way it works. A worse thing women do is they flex. Now that I'm rich, now that I'm talking to you, king of the world, they flex other men's stuff. That really blows my mind. So I'll be in the car, we'll go to get in the car, right? Lambo, I'll get in the car. She'll struggle with the door handles, the handles are unusual, she can't work out how to do it. I'll lean across the open the door for what you make comment. So you didn't have to do that. Do what? We didn't have to open the door, you know, I know how it works, it's about first Lambo I've been in. Bitch, you don't have a Lambo. So why are you bragging that you've been in another man's Lambo? You're gonna flex with someone else's stuff? Imagine a man doing that. Imagine a man going, hey, yes, I've been in a Lambo getting. You ever Lambo getting? No, no, no. I don't have one. That guy does. What's cool about that?  They start bragging about, oh yeah, I've been on jets. You don't have a jet. You don't even have a thousand dollars in your bank account. You've never paid taxes. You don't have any money. You're a brokeie. So, that is true. So women try this idea of, well I want a man that I know all the women walk but then he doesn't walk that bad. So the guys do that. So what I'm saying is what will Smith did, if he put himself in the physician where he had no power and he got abused, at my point is it's why I said the idea of being one woman, brothers and fortress. I'm not even talking about the fact that I don't get sexual variety. I'm talking about the fact that I cannot see myself five years down the line, being in a position of power within my own wife and household. I want a position of power. But someone breaks the road. And if I walk down the street in my chair and someone pulls a weapon and I have to fucking deal with him and I end up getting a fucking manslaughter charge. For example, I don't want her fuck with you and jumping a new dick and I'm gonna sell. No, I need to have a position of power and control and I even know she's loyal to me for life. That's what I want. That's what I enjoy. I want to walk in the house and see.  dinner. Bitch, where is it? I'm not a horrible wake. I love you so much, I call you bitch. Where the fuck's my food? I enjoy that position of power. You're not gonna have that. You ain't gonna host. There's a really long answer to give there. But truthfully, it doesn't matter if it's getting a girl or it's making money or it's getting status, it doesn't matter what it is. As a man, we live in hyper competitive environments. I don't think enough men understand how competitive the world is. If you want a girl you're competing against other men, you're not the only man who had the idea of getting that girl. There's no girl you're gonna see and go, ah, I'll get that girl and then cross anyone else's mind. Everybody else wants her. You have to outcompete other men. You have to be as competitive as possible. You have to be as successful as possible in all realms. You have to be as good looking, as funny, as smart, as spontaneous, as interesting, as charismatic, as rich, as possible. You need to try very hard to be your absolute best. And as you become a better man, you'll crack through different tiers of attractiveness and eventually you get to the top and you'll be able to have any girl you want. But the truth is, I have a lot of guys ask me, similar to your question, a guy will come to me and go,  How do I get a girl? My bro, you're a loser. Yeah, but I know about how do I get a girl. Well, you're a fucking loser. You're a loser. Why are you asking me? It's like saying, how do I win a race with a push bike? You're racing for R-Eats. What do you want me to do? There's only so much you can do. It's only so hard you can pedal. There's only so many tricks and tips. There's only so many game things you can say. So many pickup lines. If you're a loser, it's gonna be very, very difficult. It's gonna get harder and harder. The game is rigged to become harder and harder for men. It's not getting easier. It's going the other way. And if you're gonna be on a race track and there's gonna be Ferraris there and you're gonna be on a pedal bike or in a Nissan, you're gonna get smoked. That's the game. You have to improve yourself. I'm not gonna lie to anybody here and say, you don't have to improve yourself. You can stay a loser and get chicks because you can't. The idea that men don't feel emotions is incorrect. We feel emotions. I would actually argue, we feel emotions. And certain emotions stronger than women. I would argue that we feel heartbreak stronger than women. I would argue, we feel anger like a woman could never understand. I would argue, we are extremely emotional. Reads, rape, pure rage. Look, it's feedback.  So when you get the feedback, it's all about how you internalize it, how you process it. Right? It's having stoic systems not feeling emotions, it's feeling emotion, you're going, okay, why is this happening? How much does this really matter? What's the most intelligent movement? Just, just a fantastic game because in the game of chess, there's no luck. If you lose, no matter how well you play, if you lose, at some point you made a mistake. And it was the most minor mistake, you made a mistake. So you learn to understand that no matter what happens to you, if you lose a scenario, you made a mistake. And it's a tiny one, maybe it was two years ago, whatever, what you made a mistake. And you learn absolute and our accountability. So at that mentality, it's extremely powerful to apply to all things in life. The position I'm in now is the most hated man in the world. Although I agree and I truly believe it's unfair, I still take complete responsibility for it. I'm not going to see how to say it. I tell you why it happened when I talk about TikTok, YouTube, and I'm not going to blame it. Absolutely. There are company making money and they're monetizing the best they can.  Fantastic. All of this is my fault. But the Bugatti on my driver's car and the yacht is my fault private jets. So it's all from my fault. So I take the good with the bad. I think all responsibility for absolutely everything including if a woman leaves me a woman stays if I end up heartbroken if I end up filled with rage I think responsibility for that. Something happens to me that makes me enraged. I will take responsibility. Why has this happened to me? Why do I feel this way? How did I end up in this position? Your woman will fuck up your life completely if you're there. And she may not even know she's doing it. Yeah. But this is how they are. If a woman falls in love with you she wants all of your attention. She wants all of your time. And the truth is it's the biggest waste of the ten, it's the biggest waste of time in the world. Watching Netflix holding hands. How are you going to conquer the world doing that shit? It's the waste of time. They want your time but it's a waste. So if you're a dedicated man, if you want to run a business, you want to be in good shape, if you want to get shit done, you haven't got time to be sitting there all day with a woman. And too many guys take a pitulate and they go all...  my wife wants to go here, oh it's this night, it was date night, oh no no. And then they wonder why I get to be a world champion and I'm rich and they're not. Because I spent more time doing shit for me, well you spent time doing shit for women, not even with anymore. You have to have your woman in order to have your life in it. Because if the woman's in control, you're fucked. Because they don't know any better. They really don't know any better. They don't do it from a spiteful mean. I mean women can be spiteful in a mean, but in general, they just don't know any better. They don't understand why you are so busy. They don't understand why you're so dedicated to becoming brilliant. Because they don't have that, they don't have that energy. If you just focus on yourself, the business you career, the women will just come eventually. That is the truest thing in the world, but the thing in the sad part is, it's five years of work. Yeah. At least, at least five years of work. And nobody wants to do the work. It's like getting in the shape, because I'm sure you know. It's, you know, when guys are, you know, fat and they're like, oh well, you get women because you're in shape. Like, well you could be in shape, but it's for you, it's two years. Three years, you know.  Are you willing to do that? The same is with your finances, the same with your mindset, the same with lots of things. So yeah, if you do the work, the women do naturally come to you, but it's years of work. And everyone wants a quick fix nowadays. Everyone wants a magic pill or a magic spell or a magic trick and the drama. If women don't want you, I can't teach you anything because I've got it on easy mode because I've done all the hard work. I've done all the hard work of getting rich, staying in shape, learning things, becoming articulate. You know, we have to speak, developing a sense of humor, all the things, having a fun lifestyle, all the hard things I've done, mean I now play the women game on easy mode. If I had Instagram, which I don't, if I acted like this, I'd go cancel now, I don't make a new page. There are a bunch of fans that can't see me, but I don't have Instagram. If I did, I'd just sit and look at the inbox and 40, 50 women will write me every single day and I could take my pick. Now those are on the type of women you want to marry, but like I said earlier, I mean, they're good for what they're good for. And I could go and find a way, I could go to the library, approach the beautiful girl.  talk to her a little bit and she'd be on my arm. So I've done all the hard work. So now I'm in easy mode. So you haven't done any of the hard work. I can't tell you why I get women, because I just do. I just do and they just don't. But you did, having this conversation you did, you said work on your sense of humor, work on articulation, work on your intellect, work on your body. So you did. Well, yeah, I did. But then those are the tips that people want. When a fat house, so you don't teach what people want. Of course I do. They need to hear. So when a fat house, a fat dude lives with his mom and plays a video game and says, hey, trust me, give me some tips on how to get women. He's not expecting me to say, change your entire lifestyle, work hard for seven years, and then the women will come easy. He doesn't want that. Well, he wants his magic spell, something you could say to them to trick the brainwashed and make them fall in love. He doesn't exist. Doesn't exist. Women are their own people, and they like what they like. And men like what they like. You know, if I were to say to a really, really obnoxious, rude, low quality.  unattractive, overrate, wait, woman. If she was to ask a supermodel, I'm not a supermodel. I'm not comparing myself in that way. But in terms of male value with everything I've done, maybe, I'm up there. And she would ask a supermodel, hey, how do you get guys? Well, just flutter your eyelashes. There's no magic trick. She looks like a pig. She looks like a Barbie. One of them is going to get the guys attention. One of them isn't. And it's the same with men. But men don't see it that way because there's not such a glaringly obvious difference in what's attractive in what's not. You know, I can look very similar to a dude who's not attractive to women. Does that make sense? But I'm attractive to women because when I open my mouth and speak, they like what I say. When I'm doing things, they like how I live. But I don't need to be that physically different from the guy who can't keep with me. Talk about this man helping him to pull girls in university. Don't focus on the girl. Focus on yourself. If you're worried about the girl, I'm not worried about yourself. Give me a wasting time interview. Right? It's easy. If you want to win a race, Abraham Lincoln said, why do you  6 hours to jump down the tree. I spend the first 5 hours sharpening my axe. Same with nearly everything in life. The better you become as a man, the easier everything else becomes. You don't want to spend all your time trying to pull girls because you make workshit. We just spend all that time. We just spend all that time coming workshit and then you can pull girls quickly. You go out and shift together, especially with females. Too many guys don't have to shift together. I say this with fighting all the time. I see fighters who dedicate it hard working, dangerous men. Get a new girlfriend. I've got to change my training hours. I need to finish early. Yeah, but the other professionals aren't there to let us. You can't spar with good guys. You can't spar with shitbots. Oh yeah, but you know, my girlfriend, I pick her up from the train station. Okay, cool. Give over 6 months of not sparing the killers like me, spar on the pussies. Then he gets an arring, gets the fuck out of them. That is girl leaves him. The fuck was that? Like I've seen it a time and time again. People fucking make these accommodations for females. And the woman's ruthless. If you make an accommodation and you lose your job or you lose your fight, she's gone.  Anyway, what the fuck are you doing? Give it all up and say to me, hey man, how did you get Red Pill? And I say, I got Red Pill because I was a fire. I have to fight. Oh, but I want you to take me here. Can't train me. Oh, but I want you to take me here. Fuck off then, bye. I was just dedicated to my craft. That's all that Red Pill me. I refuse to take shit. Because what it was. And I saw so many other guys, like Compensate and fucking ruin their careers. In fighting, you lose one fight. That's your chance. That was your peak shot. It's done. Like you can't, and you're gonna fucking, well, leave early to pick up some bimbo for a transition. Should we get a fucking taxi? But man, it's ill fuck up your business. It'll fuck up your fight career. It'll fuck up your whole fucking lives. It's too easy to do. You gotta be on the ball. I'm not saying hate women. I'm not saying me anti-movement. You just gotta be like, okay, she loves me because I'm me. I became me because of XYZ. Now she's gonna complain because she's a female and she's a low IQ. But I refuse to Compensate. I'm gonna continue with XYZ because that's who I am. She doesn't like it. She can fucking go. To anyone wanting...  to live like me. Understand that, you know, the whole process of becoming me or Andrew, was it was 20 years of hard work. You know, it started from age 14 when I was broke as fuck, going into that kickboxing gym, starting to build my frame, my muscle, and my kickboxing career, which got me some accolades, which got me some women, which got me some more money, which it was a spiral of really, really, really hard work to get up here. And, you know, if you're 17, 18, 19, yeah, you should be, you know, following me and listening to the things I say. But the first thing I'm going to tell you is you're not going to be a million years for 10 more years, get to the fucking gym, you just do some hard work. You're not a million. It took a lot of hard work. You don't just fall into this position. And if you are lucky enough to be born, rich as fuck, and tall, and built, because you've got all the genetics and stuff, you're probably just going to get sumped. You're probably just going to sump and get pimped on by these women, because you don't know how to be poor and how to be rich. And, you know, you're probably just going to end up in some unfair value exchange, where you're some sugar daddy. It was a very unique...  combination, the perfect storm of events that created Andrew and Tristan take. This isn't some lucky guy sitting up here being, oh, we'll just be fit and rich and whatever. Like, it's gonna take you a decade. The sexual marketplace, if you're a high value man, there's 20% of the guys, but 90% of the girls. This is the reality. So if you put yourself in the top 20%, life's great. And the great thing about being a man is, it's all, you can forge yourself, purely a hard work. Like obviously, if people are born with some genetic gifts, whatever. You can basically forge yourself out of absolutely hard work. Tips on 21, tips upon a high value, beautiful girl, blah, blah, blah. I'm 21, I need a high value, beautiful girl. Oh, no you're wrong. A high value, beautiful girl's hitting you up. No, but you haven't done anything. As a man, you have to build yourself up. And when you build yourself up to a certain level, you can find the girl who you want. The girl with the low body count is beautiful and smart, and wants to marry and wants to have kids. You can find her, but the fact that you can't find her at 21 means you got three years of work to do. Maybe you can find her at 24. This is exactly what Andrew...  says, do women want to be around you? Do men want to be around you? Do friends want to be around you? Do people want to be around you? The fact that you think you have to go out and search for these people is a bad attitude. I'm completely against chasing women in general, but particularly in your 20s. You should be just giving your 20s up to everything you can do to be better, and then women are just gonna see that and jump in front. It's actually very interesting, the masculine experience, because I like to believe that most men on the planet have lived a semi-similar timeline. All of us, as men, experience a very similar human paradigm, and that is that most men are born and you're not important, and then you go to school, and you fall in love with some girls in school, and you fuck someone else, and then you realize that all the 19-year-olds you want when you're 19 are with older dudes, because they have cars or whatever, whatever. And you go through this experience of getting your heart broken and losing your girlfriend, et cetera, et cetera, and many men latch on to some average bitch or accept their gonna have their heart broken forever, but some men decide to become so big and important, strong and irreplaceable. They never have to suffer heartbreak again.  Because every man, they go to heartbreaking deals with sadness, but how you use that energy is the differentiation, the differentiator between humans, right? You are feeling the same pain that many men have felt. Every man out there has had his heart broken and understands how difficult it is as a man. But the difference between me and you, and perhaps the other man out there, is that certain men take that anguish and take that sadness and understand that energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted and used it to build themselves into a man of absolute standing and power. As opposed to sitting around jerking off like you just told me you do. You are a waste. You are wasting your energy. Heartbreak is unlimited motivation. If I was heartbroken, it's been a very long time. But if I was heartbroken, I'd be in the gym every morning. I'd be a beast. I'd be running. I'd be working. I couldn't sleep. I'd be an absolute animal and you're heartbroken. What are you doing? Jerk it off. Like a fucking dumbass. The difference is, as a man, you must build yourself into a man of credibility, which means to build yourself into a man of standing, we all start in a very fairly similar position. I became me, the tedious, arduous...  difficult, never-ending work. You are wasting your time. You know why God made your girl leave you, because he wanted to show you that you ate shit. He wanted to show you that you are human and you're fallible and that you're very replaceable. So he decided to make you fall in love with the girl and he decided to make her leave you to show you that you are a dickhead. Now it is your job to look at the board, understand what's happened, say, I understand God, I deserve that. I'm glad she left me and I'm sad because I am a dickhead and do something about it, because if you refuse, you ignore God's message. Next time you fall in love with a bitch, guess what he's gonna do? He's gonna make her leave you. To remind you once again that you are a dickhead, every single man out here, if you're upset that your girl's leaving you, God is reminding you that you aren't worth shit. You need to get up and work so hard that even in the eyes of God, he is proud of you. God loves his creations, which show him their true potential in beauty by getting up and trying your absolute best. I'm becoming a man of a moral standing. He will reward you and bless you. If you continue to be a dickhead, God will remind you you're a dickhead. So God.  just broke your heart on purpose to show you that the way you're living your life and the man you are simply are not good enough. What have you changed since? Now fucking nothing. You think God's gonna forgive you for no reason. God's gonna go, it's fine. He hasn't learned his lesson. He hasn't changed. He hasn't even tried very hard. He's not operating the gym. He ain't doing nothing. It's fine. Let's just let him fall in love and let's make sure the girl doesn't fuck someone else. I'm only fanciful. No sir. This is gonna repeat endlessly. It's a cycle that will not fucking change until you take the message from God and become the man you're supposed to be. You must stop being a dickhead. You deserve what's happened to you. You deserve how you feel. All of it. When I was 20, me and my girlfriend broke up. I was with four years. I couldn't sleep. I could and this is before social media. You couldn't just chase a bitch. That was it. She's gone now. She moved. I didn't know where she lived. That was it. And I couldn't sleep. Now I wasn't like I was crying my eyes out. But I was just where's my my ho-at. I couldn't sleep. He's something else to do. He's something else to do. So I thought fuck I'll hit the  6am, hip-gydn 3pm, gym at 8pm. I have nothing else to do but fight. So I took all that trauma, all that heartbreak and I molded it into becoming a world-level combat. Right? What did we talk earlier about how trauma can mold you? And trauma could be a fantastic thing. Heartbreak, depression, sadness. These are all fantastic motivators. I'm telling you why they're a fantastic motivator. You go to a guy who's heartbroken. He has all the motivation in the world and he's re-interdictionized to this. He has the motivation. He's putting it in the wrong place. That's 300 cold emails. You can send them to the center. You're going to get a money you could have made. Yeah, I'll tell you right now, some of the greatest accomplishments in my life have come after a heartbreak. Absolutely. It's that fuck I call it fuck you, Annie. Take that and you're like, I, I, because some guys will get butt hurt about that and they'll sit there and know while I win self-pity. I've always thought the correct application of that energy is, okay, prove that she made a shitty mistake. Go out and become fucking millionaire. Go out and become a kickbox. I got a compal and stuff, whatever. And then she's going to look around when she's 50 pounds heavier in a year's time.  Motherfuck. I left him. I let him go. You can, and internally, the up behalf by ego could be like, yeah, I got you. Life's gonna hurt you and how you use that pain is to completely not lose it to you. You can use that pain to galvanize yourself as a man and become a better man you've ever been. I'm not saying that I'm only successful because of some chick. I'm saying that every single time that I was heartbroken, I never wasted a second. I was never wallow. Especially as a young man. We talked about this on the show. You're gonna get your heart broken as a young man. I've had it happen to me. We've all had it happen to us. And it's not even about anger towards a girl. Me and Tristan talked about this on the podcast that we did together, gentlemen game. It's seven years later because of as a man, you're gonna get your value later. Yes. So if you use that energy to put all that work in, these girls, they come back around and I love to see them come back. Not because I'm in love again, just because of slight, you know, I don't tell you so. Now I said this, like anybody who tries to get revenge on a woman. Oh, on a woman. It's a urine. That's in-sell energy. That's a wrong way of looking at it.  The only revenge you can get on a woman who breaks your heart is success. Success in the best of measures level up slowly when she messages you You got two choices. You're gonna say sorry baby. Not my type anymore. Oh you win That's the answer to the question put a plan together for the heartbreak If it comes and make sure that plan is to start everything we've been saying on this podcast It's true. Thomas got a campaign to the com we have to use it in Structural still to this day. That's all I would If something bad happened to me and I don't really upset I would find the most Constructible possible outlet and you have to conscious decision you have to have the emotional controls with a conscious decision in that version Women fuck men they respect that they don't fuck men. They like they don't fuck men They love they fuck men they respect if she loves you and likes you and doesn't respect you She will not have sex I have women who respect me and fucking hate but they're here every time I call They respect you. They're gonna see and this is something as biological and evolution They fuck men they respect so how do you make women respect well first you have to be worthy of respect as an individual There's no hack if you're worthy of respect and where did it  But secondly, you cannot allow blatant disrespect. So if you allow her to blatantly disrespect you and you tolerate that, then you're setting a precedent, which means, well, why would I respect this guy in the first place? I say this to guys all the time. I've had loads of guys and come to people like coaching and stuff. They say, no, my woman doesn't respect me. You got it, I got it. And I say, look, it's much harder to fix something that's broken than just never let it go wrong in the first place. Right. From the second you got together, you should have been a man. You can be, you ever got to be an asshole? You ever got to be aggressive? I'll sit with a girl and very polite and say, look, if we're going to be in a relationship, I'm going to take you serious. They're not going to have male friends. If you want to hang around with a whole bunch of men, then I'm not going to take you serious. What do you mean you want to take you serious? I mean, we can talk, but I'm not going to be, I'm never going to look at you as serious with you. So the idea that the decision is on you, you want to be serious, you're not going to talk to those guys. I'm going to talk to those guys, I'm going to talk to some of you, you decide. And I lay out on them. Now if they choose to keep all of our male friends, then that means she's chosen these friendships over me, which means sooner or later she's going to cheat.  Anyway, like how long until she jumps on a new thing anyway? So why would I be upset about it? But most men are too scared to just put the ultimate in there. And not, you're gonna put the ultimate in there with some scary big, fresh way. Just be clear. Look, any woman I'm with, who I take seriously, doesn't hang around for. So, it's your choice. And this is the point. But most men don't say anything. They let it slide and they let it get completely broken. And they come to me and say, well, how do I fix it? So you have to make it not let it get broken in the first place. You need to understand your boundaries and expectations of the man. And you have to set them. And you have to make sure she complies and sticks to them. And if she doesn't, you're gonna have to find somebody else. If you're stuck with one option, the one chick you met, and you know, she might be a dickhead. Some women are just dickheads. The key is this is a man. This is a bottom, bottom, bottom line. Most men are not prepared to walk away. And if you're not prepared to walk away, you don't have any weapons. If she knows no matter what you won't leave, then what weapons do you? Anything you say, shout and screaming.  Gelling, going out, away for a few days, whatever. She knows you're gonna come back. She have no weapons. The second, imagine a girl came to you and she said, no matter what you do, how long you cheat, no matter what, I will never, never leave. You can almost shit your dude. I know I do. So it's just a point. So as a man, if you're never prepared to walk away, you're never gonna be respected, respect, and the woman thinking, you know what, you might just be, our link, they have to be there. So you have to leave what you say. You have to let her know, look, there's something that won't tolerate, and if you fucking gonna walk away, and if you walk away and she doesn't chase you, then she's gone. Or at least you saved yourself, fucking nasty divorce and getting cheated on and all that shit, and then and there, and saved yourself a bunch of times. But men are too afraid to pull the plug on it because they get addicted to the pussy and they don't believe they can get any more pussy and they get all messed up. You have to be prepared to walk away as a man. So you have to look at any relationship you're in, you say, okay, I'm a nice guy, I love her, she loves me, but I have found her.  And she puts them I'm gonna have to That's true otherwise you're never gonna do this thing. I've been head over heels in love with women Yeah, and never got back and they never knew yeah, what's life? That's how I've been head over He's a lover women I didn't want to lose him and he weren't listening so I walked away and I didn't chase him I lost him, but that's it my honors intact my pride's intact now I don't give a fuck it's time to do that's not so it's better than staying in a relationship Which I'm not happy and just start back on my fucking food and it's kind of like I use chest analogies It's kind of like chest if you're in you're playing a game of chess and you're losing position And the only hope you have with winning is a big sacrifice to give up the food and you don't know That's gonna work or not, but it's the only hope you're better off making the sacrifice Even if you lose because if you don't you're just gonna slowly get ground down and definitely lose in the head Right do you do you love that place? We so much you'd rather delay the break up by seven months and lose without any pride or honor Yeah, I leave without any pride or honor or she cheats on me It's the better just to stay right here. You're not top of that nine more. The end is coming  But she chooses to talk to that dude over you. The end is certain. So can you have enough balls to just say bye, and at least leave your head held high? But the thing, men, it's crazy. These men have never been through any kind of emotional trauma. So the idea of breaking up with a woman is big today. I've been through, when you've been through real shit, a breakup just doesn't become that real. You know, I've got people trying to kill me. I have stab wounds. Tell me again about this girl who doesn't text you back. Who gets your shit? This is being like, this is being people in Syria getting ball. Yeah. You're like, you have to get some perspective, and just realize you're being like, there's just real trauma out here in the world. Terrible things happen day after day, and here you are alive and breathing, and perfectly healthy. And you're going to cry over some bitch. It's man up. Why is your chick going out without you? And maybe once a year for a big friend's birthday or something, if you pick her up, whatever, but truthfully, the woman loves you, I don't think most men...  know how it feels to be loved. If your woman loves you, she doesn't want to go out without you. So if a girl's night happens and my chick were to go out, she would message me 10, 15 times throughout the night I'd be dropped, she'd be home. I would never have a girl go out, not hear from her and her vanish all night long. Yeah. That's not something I would have. And she would never go to some other person's face to sleep without text to me. That's not something that would happen. Now, when I say these things, people say and come and go, oh, you're insecure. I don't have to enforce these rules. When a woman loves you, she doesn't want to do that. So the fact that your chick went out for a night out and vanished for the night is already a massive warning sign. Yeah. I don't think that's something that should happen. I think she should at least text you and say, look, I'm going here, I'm going there, X, Y, Z. You shouldn't have to really press that. If she ever does that once without being told, then you should be able to say to her, look, I'm uncomfortable you going on nights out and staying somewhere without telling me. I want to know where you are from now on. Why? You're insecure. I'm insecure. I'm a man. If anything ever happened to you, you called me. I'd like to know where you are. You should tell me. If she goes, fuck you, I won't ever tell you where I am.  Do you have control of that relationship? Are you a man in that relationship? No. Responsibility and authority are linked. This is what most people forget, especially men in the world today. You have to have authority to have responsibility. The reason the captain of the ship goes down with the ship is because he has responsibility for the ship. And the reason he has responsibilities is because he has authority for what happens. If he says, man the sales, people man the sales. And so if something goes wrong with the ship, it's his fault. If he says, man the sales and everyone ignores him, how can he be held responsible for what happens upon the ship? He can't. If you want me to pay the bills, if you want me to protect you, if you want me to have responsibility for you, if you want to come to me with all of your problems, then I need authority over you. How can I allow myself to fix all your problems when I have no authority to prevent problems in the first place? So, this woman's already acting out of turn. That's the first thing. Second thing. Women don't sleep with men. They don't.  really like them. Even if they like you only after one night, even if it's a one night stand, to some degree she likes you. So whoever she's fucked, she likes to some degree. She might want your attention back, and that's why she's pretending to give a shit to get your attention back. But she likes whoever else she's been. And as a man, you have to have a bottom line. It's hard in the world today. I get it. I understand how hard heartbreak is. I understand how hard it is to lose a chick. I'm not insensitive. It's actually the opposite. I know how hard it would be for any man who's a lover of the woman to lose a woman. I would actually argue the point that a man losing a woman, it's like losing a child. Because you protect her and take care of her. Whereas a woman losing a man is like losing a parent. And I think we're evolutionarily biologically designed to deal with losing parents better than we are to deal with losing children. So I think a break up is harder for men. I get it. Also the fact that a woman can go out and get a new man tomorrow. A general takes time for a man to get a new woman. It's not as easy. So we spend time lonely. They don't. I get it's hard to lose a chick. I get that break up is hard. I get it.  But you have to have a bottom line as a man. My personal bottom line is fucking another dude. If she's gonna let another dude's dick in her pussy, there has to be a point where you just man up and say no, I'm sorry. This is a yeah, that is it, right? You might break up, she might act like a dickhead, she might disrespect you, she might fucking even maybe date a guy, whatever, that's all forgivable. The second a dick's in her, I think that's enough. Guys, maybe feel bad because mine is... No, I think that's enough, and I'll tell you why, you carry on too. You tell it. Because once another dude's fucked her, that's the absolute worst of women can do. And what she's saying to you and to the world is, she has no fear of your repercussion, she has no respect for you as a man, and maybe she'll come back, but if she doesn't truly respect you, do you want that? You're gonna have problems for a very long time. That's my personal view. So I think that's the bottom line. You need to have a bottom line as a man. I believe in loving a woman, I believe in trying to get that woman back. I believe in all that. I don't think it's simple to love a-  woman and try and get her back. But the second she's gonna let another dick in her mouth, enough is enough. Your wife breaks your heart. If you're not gonna work, you can't sleep anymore. You're upset. She's run around with a new dude. You see her Instagram stories. She goes on new guy. You're furious. And you're angry and you're jealous and you're bitter. You're all of this inside of you. But you're not gonna go to the gym and work hard and become so fantastically in shape and so rich and so powerful that no girl ever leaves you again. You're not gonna do that. What are you gonna do? Text her. Try and explain to her. She doesn't care. Like you can write the most perfect English. You can write the most beautiful words ever constructed. Forget Shakespeare. Who can do that? You doesn't care. She just doesn't care. She's distracted. She forgot of us. She forgot about it. So what are you gonna do with all of that inside of you if it's not positive? Well, it's gonna consume you and you're gonna end up self-destructive or you're gonna embarrass yourself or you can take all of that and put yourself in a position where it never happens to you again. Those are the choices.  So what's the most intelligent choice to make? Yeah, you know, I don't understand how many humans function in the world today. I don't get people who don't think like me. I don't understand it. I'm like, well, then how would you survive this long? Life is hard. Life is difficult. Maybe I've just been unlucky, which I don't believe in, but I've had so much trauma and bad events and negativity and stress and all these things that happen to me. And I've used all of it to be monumentally successful. People are functioning. If you're not thinking like me and you're going through life with any other mindset, you've been extremely fortunate that God smiled on you and allowed you to sit around most of the time doing jack shit and you have yet to be punished for that. I could never have looked that like. If I was a bit lazy or a bit, you know, or I was a bit of a snake or if I lied to people, I'd be dead by now. Like so a lot of these people are just absolutely not really blessed by God that they manage to go through life for such a non-competitive mindset and they still breathe it.  I don't understand how people can think any other way. I've spoken to dudes and like, yeah, I had a bad couple months. Why? My girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months? Oh, like you had the, think of how much God loves you to have given you the grace and given you the opportunity to waste months of human time over some chick. Like, talk about breast head to toe. If I waste months, empires are gonna collapse. I'm gonna end up in a cell or dead if I waste months. I have things to do every single day. I can't waste a second. Like, these people are just absolutely infinitely blessed and their mindset is a product of that because they're, they're spoiled children. Absolutely spoiled children. Because there's a whole bunch of people out here daily. We fail. There are men out here who fail daily and they have yet to feel the true consequence for it. They fail to go to the gym and they know they should go on gym. They fail because they forgot their keys and they took them 10 minutes to find them. They fail because they replied to a question they got sent on WhatsApp the wrong way. They fail because they didn't see it.  smile when they're supposed to. They didn't say, please, and thank you to that person who helped them. They failed because they didn't say hi to that girl who's looking at them at the corner of the right. They've just failed perpetually. They go through life, missing every opportunity in just failing, failing, failing. And somehow we put a society which is so soft and God is so giving and so graceful that they still have a place to eat and a summer to sleep and they're still surviving. That shows how nice God is. Because before this society, truthfully, if you were that level of failure, you would be dead. Survival of the fittest. None of these men out here are fit. Their mindset isn't fit. Their realities and fit. They're absolutely failures. They're failures. They're just failing every single day. I'm gonna go, but tomorrow I'll go to the gym. You've been failing your whole life. That's all you've done is fail. And then you sit and wonder why people like me absolutely not be out compete you. It is so easy to become a talk to your male in the world today because the competition is so ridiculously low. There are two percent of killers like me and everybody else, amateur. Head to toe amateur. They can't even pay attention to anything. They can't try it.  anything. They're amateurs and it's really mind blowing to me because I've tried with all of my computational power to imagine having a mindset different to mine. And I just can't see a reality worth having. I can't see a reality worth living. I can't see how you're going to build a life worth experiencing if you have any other mindset. I've never seen somebody massively succeed and they didn't believe in themselves ever. I've never seen somebody who just allows life to happen to them and become blown off course by some sadness. End up doing massively monumental and important things. I've never seen it. So it does. And it's never going to happen because it's competitors like crypto, player versus player. I can sit here right now at power. I can sit here right now and recall events that will prevent me from sleeping for two to three days. That gives me a superpower that other men do not have. They want to go to sleep. They're tired. I can stop being tired for days at a time. I can just have a thought. I can remember. I can sit close my eyes and use the power of my brain to vividly remember events and I will not seek the day.  And when people come to me and say, oh, this happened, I'm really sad, or my heart broke, or this bad thing happened to me. I say, good. Good. Thank the Lord that He's giving you this endless source of motivation. You're wasting it. That's your problem. But it's been given to you. Nitrous oxide has been given to you. You just have to use it in the correct way. So I'm the luckiest man in the world because all the bad things that happened to me have given me all the building blocks to become the most fantastic man on the face of the planet.