 guys don't divorce women initiate divorce you know we got roll it's my seeing here that can break down all the stats on that but women initiate divorce did you have something K oh sorry with my campaign yeah can you please stop being disrespectful for the podcast making these weird faces and stuff like I just like listen I just feel like a lot of your perspective it's very short-minded in regards to the fact that I mean first of all you do you utilize and I'm the first one to be interested to attention you're the first one to utilize a sugar daddy website to quote unquote troll young women to come on your website so that or your podcast so that you can whatever it is you do to them manipulation or degrade whatever is you get a kickoff of that's fine okay you know so I just don't understand why you would feel the need to feel so high  might be over someone where you know 99% of women that you actually troll on make way more money than you really really way more money than you're not fresh fresh makes a lot more money. That's very apparent. Actually, but in New York, whatever you do, they tell her, but it's very apparent who make more money or who has more connections or who's more whatever. So my no, no, no, I finished, I finished. I'm still waiting for you to make a point here instead of making personal attacks, but continue. I don't mean for my thing is I don't understand why you feel the need to personally attack women who utilize men to upgrade their lifestyles. I think when did I attack we don't attack you. I don't know. I'm not saying you are by any means, but I've felt and I've seen personal attacks on women. Okay. That have been you know degraded for a certain perspective or lifestyle that they portray because you don't necessarily agree with it.  And you've personally said to me on multiple occasions that you think women who make their own money or who have their own been going for them are completely useless to you because you want to be the dominant. You want to be the man that provides and you want to be this like, whatever it is, you call yourself. And so without providing financial assistance or anything else to women, this is like, this is what the agreement that we had with each other when I first came on, was the fact that you're on a sugar daddy website and you're trolling women that are looking for a sugar daddy. Financial assistance for that matter. Financial assistance for that matter. Living in a city, in a big city, Miami, Miami is not easy. And then you bring them on here to degrade them for finding men that pay them way more than you make. I'm gonna try that out. It's a pay to take.  Stop, stop the show. All right, this is fantastic. I love this. Yo, King von, what do you say? I am what I am. Yes, thank you for cementing that for me. Thank you. So here's my question though. What, so you made a lot of allegations there. Where do I do great women or say any of these, these allegations that you're making right now? Can you? I think if you were to go back and look at multiple of your episodes, there. What is it that you have potential? You do understand you have a reputation for degrading women online. Okay, can you tell me how so you do how you're aware? What did I say? You're aware reputation. I'm not quoting you because keep in mind. I don't keep in mind. I'm not a I'm not a fan online. I don't watch things. I don't. So, but I have screenshots. Okay. And multiple subscriptions and followers. Multiple people from what I was last on here. And and it's a word on street. In Miami, that's why you don't step out. Well, reputation. You don't step out on the streets because people would fuck you up.  If you stepped out, okay, anyway, to what I'm saying, I like you. All right. You want to do very well. I work and I'm very focused on what I do. Is that what it is? That's why I'm not out like that. I don't go to the club. I'm just because I don't go to the clubs. Doesn't necessarily mean I don't exactly. I don't go to clubs. When the last time you are. So I don't focus on that because I'm focused on other things. Yeah, you bottom down best. That's not working on a fantastic point. But my thing is, please tell me how I degrade women and or these other allegations are made. Because reputation, people could say a bunch of things about you, that aren't necessarily true. Reputation's reputation. But that doesn't mean it's the truth. So tell me how I did degrade women. As you say, what have I said? That's degrading women. Baby, didn't you want to know? Jumper and say that you guys were the known podcasted to grade women. Oh, no. No, no. No, no. There's no jumper. I mean, I'm a big ono jumper. No, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no, no. I'm a big ono jumper. No, no, no. In the world, and you guys did go on there. You flew off.  You said that though you guys said that you guys were the number one. So Selena, I'm sorry for her right now because she's making crazy allegations. So I want to hear. I'm so waiting for you to prove like to prove these allegations like what are you saying? Like when they're the great. When I come back, that's wait, that's not just not true. So stop. Baby, you said that. I never said that. Stop. So what will they will? There was go find. We'll find the clip. Because if you're going to come up, it'll be posted tomorrow. It's fine. It'll be it'll show fine the clip because she doesn't have to be I need it personally. I've never felt intrigued enough to give you the time and energy to like go and buy. But you're on my show right now. But okay, watch your shit. Yeah, because y'all wanted me here. And I would love to be here. That's great. And all what are you doing? But it's Yeah, she's going to go tell her thing. Christina, Christina, handle that. All right, so go ahead. So what are you? So I'm still waiting for you to like say how I degrade women. I'm still waiting.  So I'm here's my thing is are you looking? You're just talking in circles right now? Is that how you feel? Because I feel it sits afloat. I'm only engaged with you one other time. And I've had you be completely depicted by my perception of how you approach them. What did I do? You approached me on a sugar daddy website and asked me to be your sugar baby. And then could afford my allowance. Never did. You couldn't afford my $10,000 allowance a month and said, that's funny. Why don't you just come on my podcast instead? So he pays $40 a month to be on a pod or to be on a fucking app. It's called seeking arrangements to troll women. Yes. And I know advisor girls have talked about it because that's his thing. That's how he gets women. So I just want to be very clear. So I'm just curious why you think that's funny. Quick question, quick question. Just fire. You ask. I'm so fucking weird. And then I'm the gold digger. I'm the gold digger. Because I know that I can abshot more.  of you that you're ever worth. Okay, so are you done making your point now? Because let's really talk about this then. Yeah, you wanted 10,000 a month and I said no because I'm not going to pay you. I don't want 10,000 a month. Yeah, I make well over 10,000 a month. I'm not paying no girl any money. Like I don't do that. So thank you for. You'll never got busy before. No, thank you for. I've never got a flight. Have you ever got a Uber? Stop stopping her up thing. Sorry. So thank you for cementing the fact that I don't pay girls off sugar sites. Thank you. Then why are you on that? Why are you on that? Because I use it as a dating sign. I've said it many times. We do it all the time. Day. It's like why the why the like why pay to be on a sugar daddy website is called seeking arrangement. So you can seek an arrangement. Okay. Why not get on Twitter? I'm seeking. And it's not supposed to be a bottle of. A trowel. A trowel. So you're fake. Are you admitting to your audience? Your fake? Yes. We say all the time. wie ч' lesbian, wie ч' lesbian, wie ч' lesbian?  I love it. So just say it now. So just say it all now. You realize he couldn't even get me to go on the first day with him. He didn't get. We got no head. We got no pussy. He got no nothing for me. Listen, it's bad for the amount of damage. That he was get pussy. No, no, no, you're gonna listen. What I'm gonna. Here's the thing you had to understand. What's up, baby? You asked for 10 K a month. I said no. I never asked for shit. You want to take one? Why you asking for you? You asked me what my perspective was. No, you talk my arrangement. I'm gonna talk now. Okay, I'm gonna talk now. You want to 10 K a month, right? And I said no. And I said, you know what? Come on my pod anyway, because I'm gonna get sun out of you. You shut up on the pod. We got views. We made money. I made money. And then you're here now, back on the pod. And I'm still making money. Didn't pay you no money. You didn't pay shit. Didn't you get paid anything? Really? Okay, because you look.  dumb right now. You're trying to pull me on blast and it's actually working in my favor. I'm not proving that I don't pay chicks to hang out with them. Just facts. No, pretend to. You just pretend to. I mean, you're always like, you're always like, you're not. So anyway, so if you've been disrespectful trying to pull me on blast and stuff. You want to ask me to leave. You can leave for podcasts. Yes, you can. No, because she leaves. I need you. Hey, you can leave her. I have to leave her. Okay, we're her. My name is the K. We're not leaving. I don't know. I'm not leaving. I'm not leaving. I'm not leaving. I was like, my ring. My ring. I know it'll happen. I mean, it's still stupid. My ring. You know, my ring. Okay, Melton only asked people to leave the show when he felt fucking ignorant here. So my ring. Why can't you have a conversation? Chat, chat, chat. No, we had a conversation and she looks dumb right now. Yeah. Why do you have to have chat? Chat, chat, chat. I'm going to leave it to the chat. There's 13,000 people in here right now. Guys. Who wants K. She wants K. Off the Shab. Absolutely. Anselina. Anselina.  Like it if you want to do we'll keep on I'll listen to what y'all say I'm not gonna listen with this I'm gonna listen to what they say so once for kicking one two for keeper A lot of lines let's be real Special guest Yo, let me talk this is respectfully I came on for for K clean this clean that We will respectfully that's not On Okay, get back on Right now  Okay, okay, get back on. Get back on. No, she's leaving. She's out. I don't care. She's out. Did I live in this apartment? You're all right, cool. Okay. This place, you don't know any property. There are a lot of properties. Actually, I own a lot of properties, but okay. He owns a lot of properties, but okay. He owns a lot of properties, but okay. I don't know about this, dude, because he's really not even that fit. He's like, actually, All right, you got to go now. Did people make fun of you in high school? No, you got to go. That's what I feel like. All right, yeah. Now you got to go. This is common here right now. Yeah. Yeah, hello. You got to get out the show now. Hold on. Where were you going? Your mother. I was going to say thank you. Thank you. Well, expect that. That's all you're going to know. I know. Check it. Check it. And then there were none. Thanks God, they were here. Okay. And then there were none. Yeah. Stay tuned. We all have a little friends. You have a little friends. Okay. Well, that's me. Hold on. Yeah, there's other.  No, do you want to do her back? Yes, yes. Okay. What's wrong with the world? You see the asteroid? There's something. She's going to have to write a letter. I know. Okay. All right. All right. Well. All right, Chad. Please like the video because right now my head is is painted as. Chatsy guys, we got a pocket like shots of ladies. It's right here. Is that true? That's what they're saying. No, yeah.  people tell me go on patreon.com sub to our channel like them video guys right now we got 12 people watching do you want to say anything to to the group to the chat but I hear it to the people watching us right now because of the camera you know let me tell you something I'm tall let me tell you something my brother and I used to run a web camming studio it's how we made our first million dollars and I used to deal with crazy women all day every day but let me tell you something man these two fresh and fit work hard these girls are nuts these girls are just enjoying the show but uh yeah these girls are at some crazy no they are not wins we're happy we want to be on the podcast I know this isn't how you want to be on the podcast maybe you'll see me in weeks to come but you know they're dealing with these crazy ass girls right now  I just thought I'd hold the fort in the short term And asking about the black guy my brother gave me that black guy he give you he give you worse if you're brave enough to fight and so you know you can laugh if you want Oh my god Lovely girl bringing me drinks putting ice in them Very well taken care of right here What do you guys think the polite version of Andrew Yeah, he came to see Yeah I didn't like how this girl threw my phone a lot She threw out my phone. Yeah, through our phones. Three. Oh guys. Oh, I saw No video. I don't know if it's your phone by my phone and you are  I don't know, but my phone was thrown. Wow. Not your phone. Oh, someone's phone's been thrown. Like mine. No, it's not like I pay for everything on my own. I'm so happy. You know what's funny? What's funny is when they said to me, Andrew, you're the special guest, decide that I was going to say, you know what, deep down on the jump. I'm like, I think she's going to give a second chance. But she just wouldn't shut up for the three seconds I needed. I need a three seconds to save her. I'll give you three seconds and I'll fix all this. I'll say, do that now. I'll be like my run-to-word. She's a little bit drunk. I might listen, baby. Providing safety. I wouldn't have been there. I wouldn't have been there. I wouldn't have been there. No, I wouldn't have been there. I wouldn't have been there. I wouldn't have been there. But she was just starting to run her mouth and now that's what happens. Now the girl's in Miami. Oh, yeah. Now she goes this way. So. I think I. Providing safety. I think I can see. That's the camera on us. Or is the camera on us for this crazy crazy? It's really on us. It's on us. We're live. We're the stars of the show, girls. We're the stars of the show. How it should have been in the beginning.  Hey man, I agree. You know, what does that show? Yeah, all right. So let me ask you all a question. Let me think of something to ask you, but it's kind of distracting because I'm interested in the thought tree in the distance. In the thought tree. Would you ever act that way as a woman, though? Wouldn't you just like, if I was a chick, even as a man, right? If my wife said to me, leave. I'm not going to get up and say, I'll fuck you up. I was like, thank you very much, my friend. Goodbye. First of all, she knows what type of show this is and what he's going to talk about. But for her to just disrespect him like that, that was just going too far. So I mean, it is what it is. I know. I know. But I think some of these girls would get thrown off kind of want to get thrown off. Yeah. Kind of like a sadistic thing when they're like, you know what a chick's in your face, like slap me, hit me, I dare you. And she's like, and you're like, all right, I know you want it. You know, sort of them. You will never ever catch me doing something embarrassing on camera. I refuse to have something. No, no. No. No, no. What? You can't just have fun. Like, girl, come on. I can have fun.  but I'm not gonna embarrass myself. I obviously think I know, but I, with their own, you know. No, at least be on me, guys, I'm infected. We could go how you think. They see me on the TV for a while. Let's see the thing. You're so excited. Yeah. I'm so excited. What are you infected with? It's in your arms, your arms. Well, you know what actually is, it's not even about, what is about is choosing your battles, right? Life is hard and you need to analyze situations and realize when sometimes you don't stand a chance. There's been times I was, I'll give you an example. I've been arrested by police in some crazy countries, but in Ukraine, I was totally innocent. But I know that the biggest stupid thing I can do is run my mouth to the police in Ukraine, because I'll put a bullet in you, they don't care. So like, what's, she thinks you're gonna argue her way into my run saying, okay, I choose one, you can stay. Like, I just, sometimes you go, I know when you're being, right? And leave with grace and dignity. So I don't know what you ran her mouth for. That's my personal opinion. I don't understand. That is what it is. I just think they're crazy. Yeah, maybe. That's just a chance to kill her.  Sure. It's a key like a storm. But it is good. I agree with it. It's a little exhausting. And more. All right. So that was definitely turn of events. I mean, honestly speaking. I just show begin because that was definitely taking up a lot of time and shout out to everyone watching right now. 13k watching right now. I like the video. I can I was crazy. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. But anyway, Tristan, what was your take? Tristan, can you introduce yourself to the people real quick because people they might not know who you are? You know, I was going to wait for my black guy to fade away. No. No, no, no. That's kind of hot. Yeah, I'm the, I'm the European kickboxing champion. So the cupid is fighting myself, but I still like to stay in shape. So I fight this guy all the time trying to get my skills off. And yeah, he's good. He's good. Who's older? Why? You brother. Yeah, absolutely. Hey, he's my brother. Who's older? Yeah. Don't be playing on it. We're brothers. We don't look like brothers. We don't look like brothers. Oh, yeah. Oh, my god. I don't know that.  No, I don't believe it. Where are brothers? Who's the big brother? We see the ID. Take a guess. Him. He is. Why looks cute and soft. No. Older. Am I the older one? No. He's the older one. Really? I feel like he's the one. I don't know. I don't think your brother is going to be in this place. We're not really brothers. Let me play a game. We lied. We lied. The whole. The whole tape. Brothers. Our whole brand has been a scam from day one. We've been out. Live on your show. You're going to buy your own viral. Make it money. I don't even know this guy. I don't even know him. I found him in Taco Bell. Yeah. Let's let's pretend we're brothers. It's a great. It taught me how to mimic his accent a little bit. I don't quite have it. But it's full of one up until now. So congratulations. What is your name again? We're bad. You're a very smart girl in the town. You're very smart girl, Natalia. You are one up until now. You're propnik. I know, man, I know, man. You're seeing that crazy. Mhmm.  unfold in the back. What was your thoughts on that? Well, my first thought, and I was, I was the twisted into super chats. I'm like $10,000. She told me to be from the 10,000 mononini that was my feeling her mouth and shitting, you know, you're trying to go. Yeah, man, it's whatever. Fake body. Yeah, sometimes people just have too much to drink and I maybe that's what it is. Maybe she came here to intentionally try to set you up by talking about nonsense that you've addressed publicly, as you said. Yeah. So I the way she kept trying to press you, but yeah, trying to press you on that issue, I think it was a, maybe some kind of orchestrated set up because as you said, you didn't like you from the from day one as it is. So I think she was here to try and, you know, bring that out and public, but you spoke about it a hundred times. Yeah. But she made it look better. Yeah. She actually, yeah. Exactly. She, she proves what you said. So guys, there's a real game behind using sugarstates. We talk about it all the time. And when's they're going to break it down for you? Yeah. How to probably use sugar sites.  for next and give what you want. Yeah, to see. So you can see you can get a girl some ads on the part where they show up. What? You don't want to pay me 10k. So let me do your pro. What? OK. Oh, man. All right. So we have real quick and then Andrew, you guys leave the question. You get to the Trish. If you want to ask what the lady's the question, then we'll go from there. Yo, is this the first time you all have been on a podcast with some ladies together? I think it might be. Yeah. Yeah. It might be. Hey, only I'm ready. Hey. Don't mention that. Is everybody's time for? This Lena just say these girls give her pick me vibes. Girl, most quality women would rather be pick me than I pass me around. I'm fighting. Selena is in her 20s, but her voice sounds like she's been smoking for 40 plus years. Yeah, man. Bill Cosby, 50 bucks. Oh, yeah, I said that she's a crack at bitch when she left, by the way, guys. I got you on the good side. Get out of page on patreon page on.com slash fresh free. 50 bucks. Guys want sounds intimacy and sandwiches, two of which can be solved with night cool. All right, guys, we're going to have to go 50 and up, man. Just because there's a lot here. And I definitely want to get to the chat. Sorry, get back to the show.  So I'll read some of these 20s and then we're going to go up to 50 and thank you guys so much for the donations. I appreciate it. This will all go into the hair follicle fund for me to get my hair back because dealing with these curls is fucking top rope. I guess it on salted and shit. You know, I'm saying we got all our camera. But got a bait in this dream. Yeah, dude. Like I literally was like literally scared. I can't believe she was like, bro, she's spent on me. This bitch is 30 for you. I thought that one else in there. I thought it was like half a half a tizer. Huh? What? Hand sanitizing. No, it looked like for me. That's what I was like. It's like. Oh, yeah. I mean. It'll. Yeah. I'm going to say. I like. Mine have been semen from a duchy. Just suck before the show. Who knows, man? I'm infected. All right. So but don't worry. I just clean myself just now. But we got a girl to left the van drew as team is team cap caption. OK. I don't know if they meant that for the other girl. Do you all say, yo real talk? They need to go fam. We got you, bro. They gone. 50 bucks. I think slay to doing something that is not Pepsi.  Okay. Yeah, when she was a coffin. Oh, I wasn't supposed to meet. Yeah, she was covering the storm, bro. I don't know, spray got the beer bug. Who knows? Is there even worth bringing up average guys? You all got a laundry list of things and don't want someone, someone making 40K. That's the average income. What are you doing? That's above average. What males you worth? High value man. Also shout out to Tay and Bianca. Yeah, bro, you got a, and that's from Phantom Zero. Bro, average women don't want average men, bro. That's what it is. Life is an average man is probably one of the worst existences on the planet. In fact, it must be. It must be terrible. I have no idea. But 500 bucks all the way from Australia. Thank you so much. Ah. Damn, the Monco. Bloody hell. The two next to Andrew are so disrespectful and killing the show quality. See that, Tristan? Agui. Yeah, already. You bring me on the show, man. What are you doing? Tristan. Hey, my name. Roberto Moreno. Roberto Moreno, 50 bucks. F&F loves women. That's why us guys are here to try and get women done. Yeah, we hate it, girls. We want to bring them on every night. 50 bucks. Jet setting, Kells shout out to all.  the bros, the tates, FNF, Cooper, J. Waller, Rollo, everybody in the house. I'm H, you to H, you 2.0. Uh, oh, uh, War Room is up next. Uh, Hustlers University is what he means. Okay. Keep checking, uh, the, these hoes. Okay. And then, uh, all right. So Andrew, uh, Tristan, you guys are the special guests. Yeah, I want to discuss. Sorry, I'm hard. All right. Okay. Let me, let me, let me, I have a question. That's one of the questions. This year for me boy actually, Shen Yan, who? Yeah, Shen Yan, who I think is a member of the War Room, right? Yeah. Uh, shout out to him. The War Room represents a welcome's a master of Wudon and his brother, the Towsman to the, uh, uh, land of their birth. See you both tomorrow evening. Hey shout out to you, my friend, man. Hi. Hi. Hi. Dom Domonco. All right. So I get to ask questions now. Yes. I'm still like, I'm just literally ladies on the panel that are not, uh, you know, finally, that are not low IQ. Usually I'm answering the questions. Usually it's all Mr. Tate. You must tell us this because we're the police blah, blah, blah. So this is going to be interesting. I'm going to get a chance to ask your question to the more people. We'll turn it to you guys as well. All right.  Let me think of something that's going to dig a little bit. Let me think of something that's going to make it interesting. When's the last time a man made you cry and why? Deep. Okay. What did he do? And why did you cry and how did it all work? We started with you. Put us on blind. Yeah, let's make it interesting. Let's go. Hey, um, so he was like in various ways about his job, wherever we are, the gym and he just sent me a text. He said, like, I want to work all by myself when I was okay, he gave you a own time. That's fine. I have my car and he's valid. And then I say, please give me a car because you have the ticket. He said, no, you get a solution by yourself. So that he blocked me for WhatsApp and then I have to go and get my car and then bring a hundred and fifty dollars to get my car back. So of course I cry and I'm very upset about it. Obviously. How did it, how did it all work out? Did you have makeup sex? Uh, then then he gave me a money and then he said, I'm sorry. But I say, I wouldn't have said sorry. Yeah. He had a poll.  I'm so sorry. I overreact blah blah blah blah. We're doing okay. So cry of happiness or something? No, no, no. Sadness. Still going to be the happiest. Sadness. One of the last time he made you cry. The last time he made you like, oh, my life ain't worth living. It actually hurts you. It has to be someone that I like or can it be somebody else? Well, I don't know. Maybe you cry over guys. You don't like, I don't know. I'm just asking the last time a man made you cry and what he did and how it all worked on the end of the month. The last time that I cried over a man was over my father because you got arrested and you know, I understand, but that's a call out. But you know, I had you know what? You should always respect your father. So I'm not going to say anything. So I'm not going to cry over my father. I respect any end of the man. I respect your age. I respect that. You should always respect that. My dad will always have my tier. He's my first love and my first breakup. I respect that. I respect that. I love my dad. Yeah, you should always look for father. A.K. Happy birthday to him. This is why I see it's good that we've now sectioned into this because this is now like my chance to just explain why arranged marriage is such a good idea. So.  You love your father. Why can't he choose the man you're with? Oh, see now. Arrange marriage all works out. Let's go to Saudi. We need to bring it back. It's because you haven't found the right man. That's why you feel that way. When you find the right man, you'll marry him. You will. Yeah, you're never sorry. I've been working since for 10 years. That's 10 years. You're going to say you're going to say you're going to die. Not being married. Let's be realistic here. It's because you haven't found the right man. When you find the right man, you get married. What about you? What's the last time a guy made you cry? Why are you left Orlando? We live in Orlando. Orlando are different. That in school is really big fights. And this is when we broke up over fist fight or like screaming match. Wait, was it new year? No. Okay.  after that. So yeah, we're getting too really big fight and I ended up just crying and walking away and ended up ending it. She won't tell us the details because she's still with the guy. She's still with the man. He's watching it now. Don't worry, my G. Look, I can tell she loves you a lot. So I understand because if I was him, I'd be like, oh, what, my, my chicks now and these dudes around that don't worry. She's been very respectful about you. Before the show, she was saying she had a man. She was very, very clear. She's very respectful young ladies. So don't worry about nothing. Yeah, she ain't put your dirty laundry out on the internet. Nothing. She's a good one keeper. Okay. I'm ready. Next. Okay. I can see what he brings to the table. I don't want to get my eye on it. I don't want to get pucks in the head. I'm a fairly big girl. I'm a fairly big girl. But in terms of what, whatever, I cry all the time. I'm a big, I'm a big baby. So I cry. What's your zodiac sign? I'm a Gemini. But I don't let people see me cry. So I'll  Pretend it doesn't matter and then I'll just cry later. Yeah, you know, so my whole thing The last time I cried maybe like a week ago I was in a situation ship with this guy and I stuck around for longer than I should have For sure three years to be precise I stuck around for three years because you know This is someone who I said okay. I'm willing to I'm willing to wait for you to get your shit together. I'll mention Type type deal never did We reconnected after having like a period where we were just no contact whatsoever Found out that he and he might be watching so but whatever who cares He actually still has a girlfriend He told me that he mentioned it prior But I'm not crazy and I have an iron cloud memory and he never mentioned Having a girlfriend so he told me it was okay and  I found out later that it was very much not over. So to me, I thought we were getting back together and we were reconnecting and then I found out later that I was played, that I was hoed. So luckily for you, you're on one of the best platforms in the whole United States. You can tell his girlfriend who he is. Hi! Oh, right now! No! No! Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mrs. Graham. Say hi. I will let her find out. She knows who I am already. So it's not a joke at all. She knows who I am. Anyone who knows this man knows him and I are like this. So... I understand. No. She knows. She knows. No names, they know. She's not leaving though, because you know. Good woman. Yeah. Oh, good woman. All right. What did you do? What were you doing? No. I don't know. I only cry when I'm angry. So I guess I would say when I found out them.  my ex was sleeping with the 18 year old. And he was 42. So let's just what the highlight them rockers. That guys go seeking arrangements game. Can we get them on the show on Wednesday? How do you meet her? How do you meet her? Yeah, I don't know. Some little game that people play on the phone. I don't know. They're when I walk into the restaurant, they're both there in their phone. Like a game. Watch or something. I'm a phone. Wait, what did he admit to? My man's be saying the same thing with my games to the phone. Get this. When I came in the restaurant, he acted like he didn't know who I was. Damn. This is my ex that I was engaged to by the way, too. What? Yeah, he up in his kids with us. That's that's what you want to be independent. That's why yeah, of course. Because it all my sense cases of trauma. Trauma. I'm going to be up in there. Is that every man though? Is that every man going to do that to you? No, not every man. But so it would just say.  Maybe? Maybe? But, baby. He had a kid, so. That I was taking care of. Let's let that anyways. It's crazy. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Don't cry again. Don't cry again. I definitely won't. Um, Oh, last time I cried. Uh, because of a guy. Yeah, obviously. Um, Um, we just ended things. You broke up with me. Um, it was more of like, I think we should do this. And I kind of agreed. Like, it was very much. We broke up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can say it. You can't. Like, I'm done with you. Uh, no, it was, it was for like another, another girl. So. Ooh, Ouch. That is very lying. How long did you win together? He gave you the. Yeah. Uh, we were together for a year. Oh. Wasn't that much.  Why did you know why he left you for the other girl? Um, I, he was like one of those influencers and she was an influencer, but I'm not even, I'm not mad about it because it was more of like, they're now they're in the same. They're at the same level, you know, like I was not an. So you did all that wifey stuff for him. Yeah. And you got fucked over. Yeah. But I'm, again, like, I'm not mad about that's, that's me. That's in my nature. That's who I'm always going to be, whether you fucking over, you don't fuck me over. Um, but he's, he's where he needs to be right now. Like, if anything, I learned from him. Mm-hmm. But now he could learn from her. Like, cause she. I don't think am I? Stupid with first. Stupid. She, she, she a street walker. Does she, uh, she went to the other side of the check? No, no, no. Not at all. I'm not even going to downplay her. Okay.  She's successful. She has her shit together and they're in the same industry. They're both fitness influencers. Yeah, okay. I hate her, bro. No, I'm not a hater. Yeah. And I'll say this because you mentioned like, Hey, but you still got fucked over. That's the risk that comes with it. You know, I'm saying, and a guy that there's always that potential for a guy to break up with you and to leave you or cheat on you. But just like Andrew was saying earlier, if a guy cheats on you, but he's the man of your dreams, it's not that big a deal. Man, it really isn't like cheating women. You always have the choice to walk away. You can walk away if you want to. If that's not something that you want to deal with, then you just walk away. That's not what you deal with. That's not the lifestyle for you. That's the risk that comes with investment, right? It's not just about relationships and investment. If you want to invest money in a company, you risk losing it. So you, it wouldn't make sense to just go through life saying, I'm never going to invest in anything because I might lose. That's not how you win. You have to take chances to win. And sometimes you get burnt. Sometimes you get burnt, right? But one of these days you're going to meet a man who do the same thing as it'll work out perfectly. So you just don't point me into the right man now and then refuse to do it and don't invest. Then it all goes wrong. That's investment. That's the way it goes.  I don't know who this dude is obviously, but I don't know I would have kept both you personally I would have been like listen Who chick I got a new job baby. I'm out sometimes. I got to go see this if this influencer chick You know, it's good as for work, you know, I'm my fucker a little bit I'm gonna collaborate We don't collaborate boom boom and then that's an invention. That's me. That's what I would Andrew you know you should tell me oh go ahead Finish it and you know you don't got anything to say it say it come on say it let's go No, I'm not gonna say that at all. I got what I needed out of him. I learned from him. I know how to run a business Fitness industry now like that I'm I'm making money now Thanks to the knowledge he gave me absolutely good girl So he he served his purpose and now we move on and that's how life works and that like it's not just relationships That works the way in business it works out with everybody you meet with someone for a few years You've worked together you learn something and then it breaks up whether it's business relationships anything else And that's a very intelligent way  to approach you. Absolutely very. I agree. Andrew, you should tell them the story about, because I'm talking about I would have kept you both. You should tell them the story about how you started your webcam business. No. And you flew the girls in. Wow. Okay. Now you're dumping me in a, no, this is a long story. Good story. No. That's a good one. I would be intrigued to see what the girls would love. Unless, unless you want the ladies to ask a question of the guys on the panel. No, I'm not a special guest. I'm going to hear this story. Yeah, I know you're the story. Let's go. Oh, ladies, I want you guys to imagine yourself in a position of girls. What would you do in the situation? I went into it. Just kidding. All right. So let me get some context. I'm going to tell the story. I can do a problem. There's 11,000 you guys in here right now. Almost 12,000. Please like the video guys. I don't want to stop the show. I lost so much hair follicles. The one with these girls. And I got spent on by a big hoe. So guys, I'm probably infected with the whole virus. So the H virus. So please like the video for us. All right. So come to some context, right? So I don't I'm all in the industry anymore. But I used to run a webcam studio like five or six years ago. So you know, like before only five years ago. I knew it.  Listen, yeah, it's an interesting story. I'll explain how I got there. So Now it's a lot more common the idea of only fans webcam that kind of thing But when I was doing it five six seven years ago, it was a lot less common Right, so I was a kickboxer. I was four-time world champion, but kickboxing is not boxing right we make money But we don't make boxing money so I made maybe a hundred hundred fifty thousand of fight Which is okay, but you fight two or three times a year. You know you've got money. You're not Buster ships. Yeah, you make a bit of money I mean, I'm living in London my rents 25 a month and I'm pushing all these nice cars and that so I'm making money But I'm making that much money long story short I invested in this place in Thailand this property which I still have now Which is not worth anything because it is virus in the close to country blah blah blah and I needed to pay I think it was like 400 grand and I had a payment date and I paid 300 grand and I was I had to pay the last hundred grand only at 70 grand now I I was 30 grand short, right and I thought I said to Tristan I said you know what once the last time I got lucky lucky And he's like don't do it. It's like, Prove don't trust the big G. I'm gonna go  the casino with this 70, I'm gonna turn it into 100 because we have like a few days about pay this bill. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, it's a big brother, relax. So I went to the casino and lost all the money. And I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going, I was, I was, I was driving there, right? I'm driving to the casino in the BMW and I'm like, Google in, doing the math. Like, okay, blackjack has the best statistical odds. Roulette has a 2.7% advantage. Blackjack has the best advantage. I memorized the best blackjack theory based on the, the card they have showing in my card, where you hit stick. I memorized the best theory to the best possible statistical odds. I wasn't even playing emotionally. I was playing by statistics and got wrecked. So I lost all the money. It came up to T, lost all the money that a, we don't argue because we're brothers. We don't re-refuse to argue. So he's like, I told you. He's like, yeah. Now we're really in trouble. I didn't tell you. I didn't tell you. Yeah, so this is in London. This is in London, right? So I, through, I don't know how much I can say on YouTube, but through kickboxing and through fighting.  you know, you know, a lot of dodgy people, a lot of bad guys. It's kind of one of their industries, right? So I had some friends so I could head up for 100 grand. So I hit them up, but these are guys you have to pay back, right? So I pay the, I make the payment, blah, blah, blah. And then I need to money fast. And to make, I'm trying to shorten the story because I don't want to go on too long. But I try, I need to money fast. And I said to Tristan, look, I owe us 70 grand. So I'm going to lock myself in my room and I'm not going to leave till I've made it. And this is, this is a long time ago now. So this is maybe 10 years ago. Think about 10 years ago, there was no Twitter, no Instagram, Facebook a bit, my space. Oh, yeah. This is the beginning of the internet. Like the idea of making money online now is so common. But back then you didn't know all these entrepreneurs selling stuff and Instagram. None of that. I didn't know anybody who made money on the internet. But I was determined to find a way to make money on the internet, right? Second thing you needed 100 grand. Yeah, well, exactly. I didn't know that. I did 150. So I said to Tristan, look, I'm going to make some money. I'm going to work out how. So Tristan's like, yeah, whatever. So I'm sitting in my room all day, you know.  fasting, meditation, all this yoga, fire crap, sitting there thinking I need to find a way to make money and I started googling up what money is. And it's actually interesting how the world works because now I've made a whole bunch of money outside of kickboxing and all the lessons I learned back then now apply because I understood the banking system. I understood how money works. I understand fractional reserve banking. I understand all these things quantitative easing. I understand how it's all a lie. Money's fake. It isn't even tied to anything. The gold standards gone, inflation's here and the common man's getting wrecked in real time. So I actually learn a lot about how money works. And then I got really angry because I learned how money works and I still didn't have any. So now I'm really pissed, right? I'm like, oh, so money's a scam and I got them. Right. So I was really angry anyway. So I was watching this YouTube video and I had to write and they were talking about liabilities assets. The difference between having asset liability, blah blah. And I started writing down my assets. It's like, okay, I've got a couple cars, got a house. I'm big and strong. But I'm already fighting out on a house to use it. And what I had was, and please ladies, don't attack me. But through my kickbox in career because I traveled the world, what I would do.  is I'd fly around the world and I'd win a world title or I win a kickboxing fight. And then I'd be with one of the ring girls for a week or whatever. So I had all these girlfriends all around the world. I'm a ring girl. And... And... And... You've been a ring girl? Yeah, you can see it on my YouTube channel. If you win... Nice to meet you. Damn. If you win, you get a ring girl. If you lose, you get nothing. But, um... But, so, they all fall as the big G, right? I'm in London, I'm the world champ that a little... They know I have a mafia debt now. So... So I had all these girlfriends all around the world, whatever, whatever. And by coincidence, I was talking... I wrote them... I didn't write them down, but I thought of them. Well, that's something I kind of have. And I was talking to Tristan and we were talking about how we... We literally were talking about how we'd never open a strip club. So, we're never going to open a strip club because it costs too much to set up. It's too much to invest. We need to make money. We don't have any money. So, that's stupid. Anyway, and by coincidence, and I was never one of those guys, and I will say this now on webcam, on the live to think. I was never, and I never happened one of them porn guys.  I don't go on porn sites, I don't do none of them shit. I never have to, I've never needed to, right? Never been interested. By coincidence, I was on some website, I think it was a gaming website, some not-dopper, some crap. And the corner said, talk to live girls now. And it's something, I think it's because I just thought about the fact that I had all these girls, I was like, so I clicked on it. And I saw some Russian chicks sitting there on some crappy webcam, and like these little tokens coming in. I was like, okay, so maybe I could get it. I can't even see the wheels turning. I'm sitting there going, I love the house. I don't have to put them in. I love that. That was my system. I couldn't come home. I was like, it's so stuff. It's my name. It's everyone. So I was like, this bitch is making money, she even hot, that she's just sitting there. And this is, remember, just the early days of the internet, like dial up. Like she was sitting there, like with her to close on, like moving like this. Like just sitting. I was like, that makes money. That makes money. So I messaged all my girlfriends, I five of them, I was like, look, you're moving to London up the side, we need to be together.  they're coming London, Bubbles. They're going a lot of them. They're nothing to do in London. So don't argue about job for you, babies. We'll be fine. We're going to come work for you. And I was sitting there for a while thinking, how do I organize the fact that these five girls are coming in thinking they're my girlfriends? And I want them all to do this job. And I decided that honesty is always the best policy. And I also decided that I'm not a coward. And I also decided that if all five of these chicks attacked me at once, I've got the Ikea, though I can do it. You understand? I've been around the block. At least two of them are going to be around me. I've been around the block, right? Like, I don't want to take them out, but I could. So they ain't got hands. So I got much to worry about. So I flew all five of them in on separate flights. I sat them all down at the same table and said, listen, ladies, this is what we're going to do. When I talked about the webcam business, talked about how I'd been with them all, asked them to all to come to London, et cetera. Three of them told me to get fucked, go back on a plane. Two of them stayed. And the two who stayed worked for me for a very long time and from there, for the next four years, they've built into an empire, right? And I've had 75 girls, five locations, that was turning over $4 million a month. And it all kind of, it went crazy from there. And all.  Yeah, that's the story of the wet camp business. It's kind of what it is. And that's one of the reasons why I retired. I'm back now because I'm a violent individual by nature. But I retired from fighting because I started to make a whole bunch of money. And then it got more mainstream and I bowed out of it. About four or five years ago we sold all our interests and we're not in that business anymore, but that's how it all worked. That's all it went. So that's how it had to tow. But I was just honest about it and thing. But I actually had a lot of respect for those two girls who stayed. I had a lot of respect for them. It was me and these two chicks. We were living in an apartment. We were a happy thrupple for a while. I don't forget my girls were making us money too. Don't forget that. I was just saying, wait, I was just what? Sitting with my feet up being like, bro, you lost all the money. You see? No, no, no, no, I was doing the exact same thing just for the record. So the webcam had you and the other girls. No, no, no, no, no, it was just a girl's. Oh, it was just a girl. I was just a manager and you know what's actually early. You were the Pimp. I was the Pimp. And we can talk about Pimping as a whole because we can talk about Pimping because Pimping has a very bad, has a very bad name. Yeah, yeah.  And I really, I genuinely believe that pimping if it's done correctly is not a negative thing. And I think that overall if you're a pimple, you're a positively inspirational and motivating person. And that is your job, right? And I want to say this because everyone always does. I'm going to break it down. He's going to break it down. I'm going to break it down. I'm going to break it down. Because people are sitting there saying, why does the girl work for you? Why wouldn't she work for herself? And I'll tell you why. Because the girl works for herself doesn't make any fucking money. You have the opportunities. It's not even just a girl. A girl can make a girl can make 3,000 a month for herself or 50,000 a month, 50, 50 with you. And the difference between men and women are a few things. But women are, once again, I'm not trying to insult anybody, but women, if they find a way to make money, they make enough to make money to pay the bills and they go party. Whereas a man goes, oh, we find a way to make money. Let's never sleep again and make money forever. So we have a different mentality towards money. That's the first thing. Second thing is we can provide emotional support. It's not easy to be a webcam chicken, get no tips, right? So if a girl would log in and no one would send her any money, she'd be upset. But she-  You could come to me, the pimp, and I'd be like, baby, oh, that's because there's a big football game. There's some football game on. It's not your fault. Everyone did shit today. I'm lying through my teeth. But she feels better. Now she's happy again. Now she'll try again. She'll go back with a renewed courage and she'll make it, right? If she's by herself, she's like, oh, no, it likes me. And she'll quit. You'll see even now with only fans, the best biggest only fans girls that exist in the world today are working for agencies run by men. Any girl who's independent makes a couple thousand here and there, blah, blah, blah. They ain't making big money. The girls will make a big, big, big money. A man comes along and says, here's your photo sets. Here's what you're doing today. Here's your schedule. Boom, boom, boom. I got five people in your account, pretending to be you. Got four sugar daddy's are online. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Money. It's a business. I was straight business about it. I was not involved in this business trying to be damn bulls area. It was all money. Of the 75 girls who worked for me, it was money, money, money. I had zero interest in trying to fucking fuck them all or run around, have three, some none of that shit was pure business. That's why I made so much money. The pimps have a very, very important role in the whole industry. I'm telling you.  and overall, all we do is provide motivational support. The idea that you can convince a girl to do something she doesn't want to do and make her do it on mass every day, four years by force is bullshit. I can't come along to you and make you do something you don't want to do. No, all I can do is make it comfortable and make you realize this worthwhile. And financially reward you. I had a business that offered girls a job. The same as McDonald's does, the same as the office does. Sit on the computer, make some money. That's all it was. So I'm here to defend the pimps. All right, we're not bad. I'm a feminist. I made a bunch of chicks rich. We are a man out there who made a girl who paid a girl more money than me. No, between me and you, we've made four girls millionaires before only fans existed. Damn. So when only fans, when only fans of first months, I don't know who this crazy drunk bitch who's sitting at Andrews seat now is. But let me tell you, only fans follow 430 people on Instagram. I'm one of them because I started when I was still in the industry. I was running a huge, only fans, the management company. So they know who I am. They won't be there to know.  who this girl is. You know, only fans is a British company. Oh, indeed. And they know who I am. That's why they follow me. You can check this out right now. Call me a liar. So that's the story. And this is another thing. I'll make one more point. A lot of men talk about how bad is a girl has only fans, et cetera, et cetera. I know some bad bitches, right? Some beautiful women who have an only fans account and her man is running it. And they're making money. And they're in the, they're in the moldies. They're pushing lambo's. Like I, when I see a girl with an only fans account and I know she has a lot of money, I don't think ho. I think, ah, she's married. Happy relationship. There's a man who's actually taking their pictures. Yeah, for sure. And taking their videos. 100%. 100%. 100%. I don't know how to say that. And Andrew, you inspired me. Yeah. There's only behind the scenes. I won't say what it is yet. But I'm currently doing it right now. I'll bring it to late soon. I'm going to go to the floor. Thank you, Chris. I don't want to. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  No, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. And I'm gonna go to you, man. Any questions you got? Just message me anytime. I know this. I know this. Very well. So, ladies, what's your take on that? Number one, in that position, when have you stayed, if you flew you in and you saw the other girls there? And then number two, what are your thoughts on Pimpen? We'll start. That only girls are like, whoa, that story was long. What? No. Would you have stayed or would you have left me in my hour of need? Or would you have stayed by your man and realized, if you worked together, you can be a teen. Which one is it? Say it into the microphone. But don't think about him right now. No, I think about the man you've loved most in your life. Yeah, that's what happened to me right now. Everything that you're talking is happening in my lever right now. I'm like, what is it? I'm making more money than he will. So, let's just exchange details after this. I'm a Q&O and he fans superstars. He probably doesn't know what he's doing. No, everything I just say, like, going into me because I have a manager and he's talking about all the...  to win all the stuff and I'm considering my mind if I should do it because of how I feel, you know, so I'm just listening what you're saying. That is true. There we go. The only fans, 522 followers and they're following. Sorry, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. And I bet they don't follow your manager. So, you know, let's talk. Let's talk. Okay. Cool. What are your thoughts, Miss Ring Girl? She's looking at me with a little bit of anger. Don't get angry. Yeah, you know what it is. Some big strong fire one day romance to her after a show. And it broke her heart. She's now seeing his face attached to your body. So, you can fuck this guy. That's what's happening. Right? True or false? At least give me a true or false? I mean, I like his energy. Okay. He's showing the truth and like, I like that. Yeah, I do respect that. But, um, about the whole pimping thing.  I was a I am a bottle girl. Well one time this guy had the audacity to tell me hey, um, let me get your body done for you. Well, I'm just like No I don't need all my body like sorry like I just know. I'm sorry. I can buy it myself I'm just a natural rule for me The audacity. I mean yes, the audacity. That was Chris Yeah, that was Chris back there. Okay. Um, all right. So what about you? What are your thoughts? Honestly, I don't even know because I get it Like I get it. He needs help, but I don't know if I want to compromise myself and how I'm feeling to help the guy out You know what else as well. I understand that but let me let me give you a little bit more context I rather finesse on my own. You got to help the guys to have you No, sorry finesse on your own didn't exist back then. Oh, The lesson around the platform. The thing who exists finesse in your own doesn't exist now Because it's small it's small money. I'm talking about big money. I'm not proud it's only fansl And back then and back then it wasn't really  compromising yourself like I said, it's like rubbish cameras. It wasn't really a thing. That's the first thing. People wouldn't find you on these. People wouldn't find you. You didn't have Instagram, like it was all that. And secondly, I didn't really approach it from a position of I need help. I don't, there's nothing in my life that I approach from a position of weakness. I don't approach things from weakness, right? You can point a gun to my head. I'm not gonna approach it from weakness. I approach it from strength. So I wasn't sitting there going, baby, please help, I need money. No, no, I was like, listen, I'm your man. So you're gonna do what I say. And we're gonna run an empire. We're gonna get rich rich. Which is because then as you took from them, all of it. Oh my God. Why would they need money? Any money? What are you talking about? That money. Oh my God. They lived with me. Yes, they lived with me. They get to live in a nice big house. Just the honest, I love it. They lived to give a nice big house. I took care of them in every way. And once they worked for me for a few years, I looked after them. And when they retired, I gave, I'll tell you the truth. When they retired, I gave one of them across her career. She worked for seven years.  and she made five and a half million dollars. And when she retired, I gave her a million dollars clean. So I'm an asshole guy. But at the beginning of all, it was like, look, you live here, you do as I say, I'll take care of you. This is what we're going to do. It wasn't about money for them. I wasn't sitting there trying to pitch them some business proposal. I wasn't approaching it from weakness. I was like, look, you're my girl. I want you here. You're going to do this. What you doing over there going to school. You're going to reach me. You're my girl to five girls at the same time. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But I didn't see the point in lying to them all. Put them in different houses, running around like a creature. I just thought, let me approach it. We'll honesty. And I knew that I knew the nature of the reason I did that is because I knew the nature of earth is that if all five left, one would come back. Because that's how things work. Right? So I knew I'd end up with one at least. So I thought, well, let me let's see. And I got two. So it all worked out. Wow. I was thinking two at least. Yeah. Well, I did OK. I did OK. I got two. Three and the three who left, I think they were great. Because they're so broke. So. And far less attractive. The decade is a long time. The decade is a long time. This is a long time ago. Remember 10.  So what was the different place? The internet, everything was a different place. These girls had no chance of getting caught, found, nothing. There was no other things you have to completely imagine. I know I'm an old man. I don't know how old you girls are. But 10 years ago, you had my space. It wasn't like, it wasn't like today. Shuck my space at top five. Now that you put it like that, I don't think I would do it. I guess it's just not what I want. Turn off. I respect that. I respect that. All right. What about you? No, what was the question? Would you stay? Would you stay when you brought you in, flew you in, and then he tells you there's five of the girls there. You thought they're only girl. Hey, we're going to build an empire. You're going to help me with this way. Oh, yeah, of course. You would have stayed. What's the worst thing that could happen back in the day? Like he was saying, you were basically anonymous on the internet. I could say that I was freaking Jeff Bezos. And you know, you would believe it because there was no way to verify those kinds of things. So yes, I would take a chance on making a meal. High five. Boom. See, there you go. Rider died. I would take a chance. And he was not like he was going to stop talking to them if I said no. True.  I stopped talking to the four other girls if I said no. Yeah, it's true. The three girls, you know what's funny about human nature? The three girls who left were so angry at the two who stayed. They messaged the two who stayed for years. Leave him, leave him, leave him. They couldn't stand that these girls are now in the Maldives. These girls are with me in Santa Pay. They couldn't stand it. They were furious. Why don't you leave him? They've looked them long ago, right? But they couldn't sleep at night knowing that these girls were enjoying their life. They couldn't stand it. It was crazy. They were jealous. That's what it was. What about you? It's independent. I have no problem with webcam people and what they do. But I've never been a fan of just showing my body or having any proof for my future children to just pull up or be at school. And so I'm like, look, Jamama with a legs wide open. I'm good on that. But I'll support anyone else wanting to do it. I will probably fuck him and then just go back home. Fair enough. One last spin. One last roll of the dice. One, oh. Well a spin on this. It's fine. Let me text him. It doesn't happen. Yeah. PIID AII. Don't be in a way. There's no way it won't. Hey subscribe  I have, okay, well. It's a complicated question. It is kind of a complicated question. I would say that as somebody that was seeing you, I wouldn't like for you to look at me as a business rather than as the girl that you're seeing. So that would be kind of hard for me. I will say that as a ring girl, if you fought and I am sleeping with you, I'm probably not the type to want something more with you. So if you would have, let me see if I'm explaining it right. Female logic at work here. Yeah. She's insulting all of your girlfriends. I'm trying to process all my thoughts. If I'm the type of girl to sleep with a fighter after they fought, then I'm probably the type of girl to be on webcam. Okay.  So I would probably say yes. If I saw you in a different way, I would- Maybe it's the man that you like. Any girl can be a white-cam girl, honestly. Exactly. But if I saw any green girls like that, true. No, no, but he's talking about those green girls. I'm saying from them out of five girls, if he fought and then he hooked up with one of the girls, right away, that's you're probably looking for something quick, fun, all these things. So yeah, I would probably be a webcam girl as well. But now, if I'm looking for, like how you said, I'm in love with you or I'm looking for something more with you, I don't want you to see me as a business. I want you to see me as like the girl that's going to be like next to you, helping you grow, but not like that. What if I framed it in a way where as I do love you and I haven't seen you in a few months and you are going to help me and we're going to grow together because we have this business. Okay.  You said earlier, there's that one girl that you go home to that, you know, that now there is yes. Okay. All right. If I'm sitting at a tape, you're not going to have that girl that you're saying that you go home to that you love sitting in another table with four other girls that you want the same opportunity for for those four girls. You're going to have it's like you said you're going to have that girl at home and then you're going to have the other four girls working for you. That's different. That's that's I understand your point. Okay. But and I'm not saying this is necessarily true because now you're looking at me like the other four girls and I'm supposed to be different. I understand what you're saying. Okay. And I'm not saying that that's not true. Right. But what I am. Let me give you an example of the two girls who stayed. I'm not even saying I'm still with one or either of them now. But those are probably the women I have the most respect for my life ever. So I think a lot of the girl I think the girls who stayed understood that if.  They actually stick by me. We work on this together. It's not going to be a matter of me seeing them as a business or seeing them in a negative light It's going to end up me seeing them in a positive light and that's how it turned out I do have a lot respect for those two girls. Those are the two girls I would do the most for even if they have a new man now whatever whatever I actually have respect for them as individuals because I really have a lot respect for women in the modern age who stick by their man no matter what you know Like all the girls everyone mocks when I see a chick and like her man cheated whatever I know it's like this stupid bitch. She's the expire man did a that's the woman. I'm like you know what that's a real woman I like that. I like that. I respect that I respect that but and the fact that those two girls like who are these other girls that I was like look I told you the truth I had some girls around the world etc etc but I do care about you I do want us to work together and they're like okay, let's try it. Let's do it I respect them as individuals today. I get that but you're not going to give her the same opportunities that you give the other girls You need to make her different you need to give her a different opportunity now if you're giving if you're giving me and somebody else The same exact opportunity That's something different. It's going to upset you  I understand that. I understand. I know you have valid points. So who's the girl that's staying at home? I understand that. Back in those days, there was nobody at home, right? It was me. It was me and those two and we were at home. That's how it was for a while. Exactly. That's how it was for a long time. Exactly. But now if you're telling me that I'm supposed to love you, that I'm supposed to want something different from you, you need to treat me different than the other four girls that are sitting at that table. You're going to say, baby, we're running this business together. And these four girls here are going to work for us. But you guys got to remember this is after that's during the grind phase. But once you're going to be the first one to get the Gucci bag, you're going to be the first one to be taken on a trip. You're going to be the first one to get the fruits of the labor with other girls. Yes, I meant that you're the person to get. I'm going to say what you didn't understand about the setup. So if you think it was Andrew and two girls forever, from the day the money started coming in, it grew. And it was like, I wouldn't quite say more like a peer.  pyramid scheme, but those girls who were with us from the beginning who were there when we were broke, who came to work for us when we lived in a two bedroom apartment or three bedroom apartment when it got bigger and the house was bigger and the lifestyle was nicer. The girls were like, oh, yeah, I want some of this. We're joining then. They were below these girls. You can talk about same opportunity. The other girls were one making lots more money because they were on, they were, you know, we were giving them bigger percentages. They had been working longer. We respected them more. We were treating them better. But it was, we were never going to lie from the get go and say, you know what? It's just me and you and the other girls are different because from there, we were like, okay, we have this business now. We're making X amount money. Let's scale this three years after that story that he told you about. We were cash milleners, three years after. So, and those girls had a premier position above everyone else. So it wasn't equality. No, but it wasn't just going to share with one girl. I want to. It wasn't equality between them too. What I'm saying is that you, you sent me, if I'm supposed to be important to you, if I'm supposed to be the girl that's standing by you, that's supporting you, that you want to be your right or die, you sent me to the side.  You don't send me with the four other girls. You send me to the side and you say, baby, this is what I'm thinking about doing. And if I'm down for that, I'm gonna hope you get some girls. Now, I understand. That's what I'm saying. I understand her point. I understand her point. She wants to be the Pam. Yeah, but she said that she's on my fear. So let's talk and pick. Yeah, listen, this is hypothetical. Let's talk and pick. I'm that's not what I'm saying that I'm gonna do. Let's talk and pick. This is me putting myself in that situation. Let's let I'm trying to say. Let's talk and pimp language. So what what your because there's a language. You're asking you're you're telling me to place myself in that situation. That's why I'm talking like that. But earlier we talked about not caring what your man is doing. If you're the main one. So how can you care? You can't build with someone. You all just told me earlier that building is non-existent. So you can't sit here and tell him. Oh, you have to tell me what we're doing with these girls. No, you have to be on their level until he makes a decision that you're. Higher than anyone else. That's how I look at it. If you're trying to be any type of wifey. But you can't have both guys. Yeah.  But I'm sorry. I thought we were talking about this specific situation. We are. I understand. I understand. I understand. I understand. I understand your point. Right. So and and what's actually interesting is if you want to look at Because I kept going and getting called a pimped. I really never thought my self the pimped. I've reached purely a business man But in the pimped world and the pimped language they have something called a bottom bitch and that's their number one girl And that's the number one girl that runs all the other girls So when you're saying you take me to the side and mean you we run these girls. That's how most pimps do it Even the guys on the street they have their number one chick who they can trust That's their number one girl. They can say give instructions to and she helps him run all the other girls Yeah So and for a long period of my webcam business I did have one girl who I trusted the most and mean her where a team and we ran all the other girls That is how I ended up but at the very very beginning with these two girls How am I going to know who's more dedicated to the task? I don't know. It's kind of like hunger games within six months It was within six months. It was clear right but at the beginning of it I didn't I was new to the business like anyone else right But after six  Most of my empire was run with me and there was one chick who I could really trust and I trusted her Never single way and it was me and her running all of it. So it is what you're saying is very very possible the idea of a man And a woman and they work together and then there's all these other girls But it's a business and they're a team and blah blah. So I understand exactly what you're saying right? I didn't get that way. I'm not saying that I'm okay with it I'm not saying that I would be that girl that stands by you to support you. That's not what I'm saying But I'm putting myself in a situation if you want me to be different then you have to put me in a different situation But but those but he is saying that that girl will be put in a different situation because she's higher on the total pool than the other women Right, she's gonna be the first one to get like the rewards when the food the fruits is okay I'll be fair and there was a competition between two girls for a while, but it didn't last long That's that's kind of how it worked right? That's kind of how it worked I think one of them bowed out pretty early one of them got arrogant about it and said I don't want to compete and then she lost everything That's seen in the dark night when the Joker breaks the pool stick and half and drops on in the middle My favorite movie  We're having you hoes. Good luck. No, no, no, no, no, no. All right, so we'll turn to ladies. You guys get a chance to grow us now. Do any of the ladies have a question or comment or disagreement or anything on that last off? I have a question. That's all, so I have a question. Okay. So like the video, by the way, guys, please. It's like the channel, guys, because I look to the channel, there's 11,000 plus y'all in here. Like the video, subscribe to the channel, guys. Do us that favor. It's 7.0 K likes. Yeah, 7.0 K. If y'all could get us a 10 K like, that'd be dope, man. I will fucking love you, guys, because that's going to push this video. You guys are going to be able to see this on the new speed. Try to make those those two bimbo's are, yeah, whatever. Like they're going to look up. Oh, smoke. Yeah. Oh, maybe we'll do that later on. Okay. But go ahead. OK. So considering that you guys have been with a bunch of different girls. No, no, no. I told you earlier, I told you all the men of God, men of God, open it, man of God, man of God, man of God, man of God, man of God. I'm sorry. She said that, Jesus. Salmousinor. Where's the holy water? What's the thing? That's the person that says.  that they would get with the ring girls right off their fight. When I get with, I meant read the Bible. We were playing cards. OK, you have a lot of diversity. You have a lot of different women coming at you. What would set a girl apart for you to see her differently? That's my question. That's a good question. That's a good question. And I think at the point in my life now, if I were dating and I was trying to find a new girl, I'd be looking for so many tiny things. You know what? They say in the eyes of an amateur, there's many possibilities, but in the eye of the expert, there's few. So if you're a boxer and you're an amateur, it's chaotic. But if you're a professional, it's pretty simple. It's left or right. You know what to look for. So I feel like, because I'm an old man, 35 today, I kind of feel like I know what to look for. And I'd be looking for a billion tiny little things. So if I, if I was to date in a new girl, I'd walk into a high-end restaurant and some guy or someone or some...  girl, oh hi, and she's like, oh hi, did an instant reply. Why the fuck, why do you, what do you know this bitch in this restaurant? How many times you've been in this restaurant? Who's that? Who's that bitch? Who's this dude? I don't blame the women. It's the pussy-ass dude that puts up with it. We all set our own boundaries in life, right? If you're going to go out there and act in a certain way and dudes are going to tolerate it, then why would you change? Absolutely. I understand these girls who do what they're doing and are still getting so much attention. Why would they stop? They don't give a shit. She's sitting here saying she's sucked endless dick. She can go out and get fucked tonight. So why would she stop? So why would she stop? Is that her fault or the dude's fault? It's the dudes fault. I blame all the fucking sims. It's the dudes who are doing all this stuff. Yeah, I want to show a video on Twitter of like a 450 pound woman talking about, oh, when God made me, you know, he blessed me with all these bountiful curves and curves. And I got quite big. I made a splash on Twitter before I lost my second account because I retreated. I said, you know whose fault this is? All the dudes who are fucking her. If she wasn't getting, sorry. And.  that sorry, sorry American women. If a woman that size was living in the country I live in, she wouldn't be so confident because no one's hitting her up. No one's in her DMs. No one's trying to have sex with her. She was bedboun. She was bedboun. Yeah. She was disabled. We all like curvy, but like bedbouns and that was that was that was like she was it was an exertion to stand up and make that little TikTok video. And I'm telling you about someone's dick at her right now. Someone's dick at her and that's where the confidence comes from. So we blame men. We don't blame the women. There you go. Why would you take that? That was a good question. Any more questions? I like these questions. This is fun. I realize how much I know. Come on. Let's go. What else? Anybody else? I don't know. I have a question. Sure. Or comment. So I'm just I'm still trying to understand. So why when it comes to cheating, why can't the man have enough balls or be mature enough to bring that to the attention of his partner because me being bisexual, I would much rather my boyfriend or husband to approach me in a situation. So I can talk.  join in. Well, yeah, that's good. That's a good, that's a good, that's a good, that's a good, that's all question. Well, which man? Because I, I am like that. Yeah. So, well, which man, you took it on my 99% of men with all the hiding and all the pussy acid. I, I, I as a joke last week, because my cousin was so afraid of getting caught doing what he was doing. He was like, Oh, well, if she finds out, I as a joke last week, invited eight girls. So I read the Bible with to the same party at my house with no other people just to move away from him. I lost two, but I was like, You're all here. I know all of you. This is the situation. And I always try to be like that because I don't want anyone living under any of the transparency, but there's, but there's, no, the transparency is important, but there's, there's ways to do transparency, right? Yeah. So I, here's, here's how I would if I was not a man of God and a virgin, which I am, so I'm not a God, I wasn't a man of God. Here's how I'd approach it. I would never, I'd never go out and bang a chicken. Come on to my girlfriend and say, Hey, baby, bang the chick, because I don't think that's necessary. Yeah. I don't think that's necessary. She doesn't really want to hear it. It's fine. They know. I just do what I do, but if she caught me.  I try and hide it the best of my best. See, I don't want to catch anybody because I'm crazy. I'm in a bin jail. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but if you said who's this girl? I'll be like, ah, well, I slept with her a couple weeks ago. Is what it is. I wouldn't lie about it, but I definitely wouldn't be coming home and saying, hey, I did this. I did this. I think that's necessary. But if I got caught, I'd be like, yeah, this bitch, whatever. I don't think she's meaning close though. I think she means pretty. Tell me. I'm going to have a. I'm going to sleep with my. My joy is the people are not okay with that. I already have a woman are not okay with that and they're probably afraid of losing you. I will much rather be okay with my man told me. I mean, mentally being prepared and done in it. Yeah, I want to then to him just meet up and find an out about it and begin upset. I'm not sure I'm a different. I heard him physically like, I don't know. That's very mature. The reason most men lie is because they're afraid to lose in it. Majority of the women are not okay with it. But you're not okay with people cheating. Hello, my. My other. Make sense. Yeah, I was just going to say simply put like the reality is it's two things. They're scared of losing a girl and then the other issue is that. Most guys are not at the.  you where a woman will tolerate him stepping out and having a hundred other women. So it's a two pronged issue. It's number one. The guy has a scarcity mindset, right? And he doesn't want to lose a girl. And then number two, if you were to be honest with the girl and tell her, I want to fuck other bitches or I want to do it. She'll probably leave because he does not have the necessarily acquired value to be able to be able to exert that, I guess, that that rule. I want to smash other chicks because a lot of girls, let's be honest, especially in the West, think that they're special. I deserve everything blah, blah, blah, no offense to the ladies here at the table. But you know, Western women tend to be a little bit more entitled than they feel that a man should be faithful to them, which you go to other parts of the world. It's not like that. Women kind of understand. And lately, that guy's especially of a higher status, you're going to have to share him. But here in the West, since women make their own money and they're successful and et cetera, they think, well, I'm the same as a man. You shouldn't be cheating on me and that's just not the way the world operates. And also, let's be real here, right? Think about this. Women sit a candle of the truth, but they really can't because let's say for example, right? Thank you. Every guy tells you what are we going to do? You would  yourself what the fuck because you may say okay one or two I'm a handle every single time it depends though it depends on how mature you are and how your communication skills are because me on other end I will much rather someone tell me ahead of time so I can either like I said join or fucking week but that's a disrespect to my point you can stick your dick and someone without letting them know and then come back and stick your dick and them but I don't know how mean to say you're mature right I guarantee you most one on the panel I'm not that matured handle that because you might handle it I tell you 99% of women can't let me give you another let me give you another frame let me give you another frame and you're right you're extremely mature and most will make a handle that I gave you another frame what if the dude fucks what if the dude and I know this is gonna sound crazy to you girls what if the dude doesn't even think it's worth telling you to because I'm telling you you don't you underestimate how dude can fuck girls and not give a shit you think we plan it you think it's a plan no I don't just be out I just like it's not this isn't even worth the conversation but the same reason you wouldn't give a conversation about dildo or masturbating it's the who cares it's just like why are we even going to discuss this by text like that bitch okay  I'm not right, don't care. Like they don't care. And it's never gonna work the way you said, because like you said, for every woman who says that, 49 out of 50, don't mean it. Exactly. So when I say, I'm not saying you don't mean it. Yeah, I'm not saying you don't mean it. I'll take you a face value and I respect what you say because that's the kind of guy I am. But every woman who said that to me, I don't necessarily tell them, but I basically let myself call, I'm sitting there texting, she's looking at my shoulder. Well, who's that? You know what it is, none of your business here. I don't know what I'm saying tonight. I'm doing this, but the girls will say this at the beginning relationship, and I leave myself open to getting, go, I'll leave hair brushes and shit in my room all the way. And I think, well, you know, she said she was cool with it. So let me leave that hairbrush right there and see, you know, it is none. Yeah, it's she's not. She's not so, so it's the other women. Why we're not honest with girls like you, is because it's the boy who cried wolf. They all say they're fine with it. But until I'm right for third wall, you want to know why women say I want you to be honest with it? You guys really want to know why? Say it, women always want to reserve the right to be able to disqualify you. If you don't meet certain requirements.  up front. There you go. That's why. Yeah. The reason why I want to be out of it. It's not because she really wants you to be honest. It's because she wants to quickly assess if you are going to put her in a compromising position where her emotions can get hurt and she doesn't want to do that. So what she going to do if you say, well, I'm just trying to fuck. No, I'm going to go deal with another guy that can give me a little bit more emotional investment so that I can get something back from my pussy. That's what it is. Women always want to reserve the rights of the qualify you quickly if you don't meet their requirements. And the thing is this women want the monopoly on manipulation. Let's keep it a thousand women game is manipulation guy game is showing status whatever it is and then maybe if you have some game you can do manipulation. But most guys don't have the ability to manipulate. So women want to be able to reserve that right to have the the monopoly on manipulation. But if a guy has game and he plays the same game of woman plays a game manipulation lies. Oh, I love you, baby. It's okay. You're the only one blah blah blah plays the same game. Now the woman is fighting fire with fire and women don't want to have this women always want to decide it.  advantage when it comes to dating and dealing with men. So that's why women want guys to be honest so that you can quickly disqualify him and he can't run game on you just like you're running game on him. And I know that sounds horrible for me to put it out there in words. So you all can run game, but we can't. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that. It's been like that though, but I'm saying that. I know that's some saying if someone would tell me, be over her hand, like if I wasn't okay with it. I will go out there and do my damn thing, be out there fucking in there, everybody. But like it's about respect and what you bring to the table. Like I said, I'm trying to say is that most women don't want to forfeit the monopoly on the ability to manipulate and run game. Most girls run circles around guys. Not the other way around. It's rare. When a guy can run circles around a woman game wise. You know, women don't want to ever be put in that position. That's why women have a serious issue with guys that she and or guys that aren't honest because it takes your ability to weigh to make an informed decision on what you want to do with the said man. And that's why that's why I like fresh and fit. I just want to say so every episode of watched of this podcast you got usually high value.  are at least beautiful women talking with high value men and they discuss these things and people are watching this, you know, mind-low. But what we have to understand is 99% of society isn't anything that we're talking about. It's women impendudes. That's 99% of society. So first and fit brings a different kind of perspective to the conversation because there's always high value dudes are beautiful women. That's not the way the world works. Every man you see out there, but by and gross reason, Walmart, you know, his ugly fat two out of 10 wife is at home. So, in the neighbor's dick and men get screwed over day after day. Yeah, men, men, men lose all the time. Men lose all the time. We talk it. You talk, you know, it is true. It's a good point. You talk about, we, everyone talks about men being bad, but you have one percent of men. You have one percent of men, maybe two percent out here can be playboys. The majority of men are desperate to get anything they can get and they'll do anything they can to hold on to it. There are more men who are lonely, suicidal. A woman will never truly be lonely. My how unattractive, how ugly your personality is, you can always get dick. There are men out here who are genuinely lonely.  You don't understand the struggle of a man, because women want the best men in the world. You want the best men in the world, and as much as you will sit and say, I don't want to cheat, you know instinctively you will share the best man in the world as opposed to have Joe Schmo. That's why these girls go out and they'll fuck Chris Brown. I think Chris Brown's fucking loyal. These people, they're loyal. They're like, I'm ready, I'm ready. They don't care. They're like, but he's Chris Brown. They don't, he's, he's, he's, he's, him being loyal does across their mind. So the, the truth about the biology of men and women, the truth about the biology. As that for the longest period of human time, women shared talk to your males. The king had 100 wives, and the peasant men had zero. This is how we've been evolved. For the longest period of human time, women have literally evolved to look at a guy and go, you know what, that dude's worth sharing. And as much as you can deny that and say that the modern world's taught you different and your independent blah, blah, blah, your biology deep down operates on that level. Otherwise, you wouldn't be chasing these sports stars. You know they're married. You know they're married. When you see a famous rapper, you know he's got chicks. You care?  No, don't care. This is the reality of the game. So when we talk about all these things, we make men sound bad. Tristan nailed it. The majority of men out here are, they can't do anything besides live a life and pray. Their chick doesn't just leave them for someone better. Bam. If you're working, if you're working in KFC, you're a pretty normal dude. And the problem with being a normal dude is that now you know your chick box normal dudes, which means everybody's competition. So long if she goes to E at KFC, you're going to be worried because the other, the KFC dude can get her girl. She might go burger gear, Wendy's, and boom, you lost her, right? So it's different at the top as a man, but this is a very, very unique experience. And when we say things, we know that we can sometimes like grate on your chicks, et cetera, but you need to understand that the overall women are winning this war. You women run the world. You're killing us. You run the world. You run the world. And the majority of men are just cucked out for their chick, praying for a bit at Pussy once a year. So you women are running. You.  women are running it. You are running. I said, time women are running circles wrong guys, which is why the popularity of this podcast is exploded because there's no YouTube channels out there teaching guys had a sorry teaching women had to get guys, but there's a bunch of channels out there teaching guys had to get girls because for women, you guys play on easy mode. Trust me, yes. I saw you want to say something. I was just saying when we used to run our webcam studio, I know this full well and I we know how sad men are because we saw it first hand. You can remind these guys think they're talking to a girl alone in her bedroom. It's me four female members of staff and Andrew sitting behind 40, 40 different live streams watching every single one. And you think all these guys are saying, Hey, get naked, show us your boobs, show us your tits. No, these guys are crying their eyes out. I should never have married my wife. I wish I had a beautiful woman like you. My wife won't even have sex with me anymore. I can't divorce her because I'll lose the kids. And it's therapy. I've had to swear on my father's grave. I've had to coach admins on talking dudes out of killing themselves or threatening suicide on webcam. So I've seen the dark side of the male reality. And of course it's paying people like me and we make millions of dollars.  from it because we're the old with a tiny percentage that can harness that female energy and use it for our benefit But it's Troy's men out in the real world. Yeah, the real world is not getting wrecked Right, and here's the thing like like and this is such a refreshing conversation because I've always said it You know girls don't really care about your struggles man They just picked the best guys. It is what it is and it is I'm gonna have a pity party. We're not I know we're just here to give you guys another perspective that you might not know and or understand or Can't understand which is fair like who cares women don't give a fuck about losers And it's been that way what Andrew what like 40% of men are procreate is beginning of time since the beginning of time women have never Fuck losers. Yeah, since the dawn of time since the dawn listen if you're living in caveman days What would happen is you're chilling you're chilling with your man You're looking the distance you look in the distance you say I rock up with a club take your whole try-out I'll keep it all ten of them motherfuckers. I beat them all by myself You become mine now now you may be angry about it for about 15 minutes  But when you look around and see all them dead motherfuckers, you'd be like, you know what, he's think about it. And you're that was easy. And you win. And you can't and you can't hunt. You can't live without man. She better, you better hang out with the big G. That's right. So that's, that's how it's always been. This is why the Kings and the Warriors had all these women. Hey, I even know you instinctively want an alpha. You're talking about security. Security means that he can mess up a dude who tries to mess with you. That's it. If you saw the guy you trusted with security is asked whooped. You would have said. I'm leaving. Yeah, I'm leaving. This is very. This is human nature. So this goes all the way back. This is a perfect circle back to the very beginning of this podcast. When I said, if you want a man who has everything, you have to accept. There's probably going to be a degree of infidelity. I'm not saying he should treat you like shit. I'm not saying you shouldn't be number one. I'm not saying you shouldn't be special. I'm not saying he should take the piss and go too far. But if you want a man with every single quality, it's in his biology to a degree to be to be to not be loyal to you because men of that caliber have never been loyal to the daughter of human fucking time. Yeah.  I think we're gonna be with a man like that. Yeah, so you can go get any one of you beautiful girls can go out there and get Joe Schmo Tomorrow and he'll be as loyal as you you could ever hope for he'll give you his phone password He'd never talk to another girl. He'll get down on one knee in a few months to start begging Please marry me like a little punk It's dead you're sitting here tonight. You're sitting here on the first admit Case closed it's dead. You're gonna be rolling in a Lambo with some dude Six months into the relationship you were like what do you think a marriage? You'll be like don't believe marriage fresh Press by the way and you'll be like you'll be like Okay, where are we going tonight and you're gonna go and have your fucking nice night? So that's your choice and that's your choice which is biologically driven and the sooner you look in the mirror and understand that your Biology is speaking to you to accept certain things the sooner you can accept them and be a happier individual Because I'm telling you you can have a very happy relationship with a very high quality  that you man who occasionally fucks and pussy and everyone can get the fuck over it and that will be happy. That's how I feel. So I have a question. Yeah, I have a question. Wait, let other girls say I'm questions. Do you guys have anything? You wanna add? No, I wanna say something. So like the 1% I get it, I understand they are high value in like it comes with conditions. But is there a happy medium between the loser that you guys talk about and the 1%? Because honestly, not everybody can handle 1% type of guy. Not everybody can handle those conditions. So therefore a lot of women out here are not fucking one minute. Agreed. I agree with you 100%. And yes, I would say there is a happy medium. But if you're gonna be a woman with the happy medium kind of guy, you also have to be strong enough and woman enough to accept that you're gonna go through your life seeing better dudes. And you're gonna have to make sure you don't go anywhere fucking near. But if you're gonna look and say, look, I've got a guy, he's good enough, but he's loyal to me. That dude, every single possible human metric probably outperforms my man. But you know what, fuck it, this guy you've been good to me. If you can do that.  That good. But if you're, but most women don't think the way, most women don't literally don't operate on that way. They operate in shit. I know him from TV. He's this. He's that. He's that. Fuck it. And that's the different. That's the different. It's a different programming. I'm, look, we talk about losers and stuff. Low level guys still get laid and they still get girlfriends. We're just saying that their relationships aren't worth having. That's what I'm saying. Man, but I want to say this to oh god. I'm sorry. I'm just, if you asked someone else before I, no, no, I'm not. I'm just going to say the most destructive advice is what those two girls gave me all earlier, which is well, he went around and fucked a bunch of girls. So I should be able to run around and fuck a bunch of guys. And that's probably some of the most destructive advice you can get. And a lot of modern day women subscribe to that city girls, Nicki Minaj, et cetera, Cardi B. But it's kind of funny because Cardi B now is married. And she's not doing any of that, fuck shit. Cooking a car. You know, I'm six to record her. Yeah. And she don't want her, her, her little baby watching her videos at all. So, so even though women say that, you know, it sounds good to say, fuck, nigga, get money. Blah, blah, blah. I'm here to get a bag, whatever. Cope. It's not, it's coped. And not only that women are not pro.  to support fuck their way around multiple guys. They're just not men can do it without an issue. Women can't though. So when women get that advice, it's extremely destructive because you might lose a guy that's worth something and it's by sucking off some other guy that isn't on his level. Now you lost access to that guy with girlfriend privileges. Now you're gonna go back. And it's yeah, you're completely myron nailed it. And also another point that's really important. It's not even just about losing guys, et cetera. I will stick by this point. A woman cannot support fuck her way through life without taking psychological damage. You will be psychologically damaged if you just start fucking dudes here, there and everywhere. And once again, this goes back to your biology. Before, look, you have to look at humans in two different ways. We have the societal version of the human which is how society teaches us. And we have the evolutionary biological version of the human, how we've evolved to be. If a woman had sex with a man, there was a strong chance you'd get pregnant. If you got pregnant, you would die without a man, right? This is in the cave, man days, right? You needed a man, you got pregnant, you need to sum of the fucking hunt and stuff. Millennium programming. But this is programming. So your programming was, if you had sex with a man to be attached to him, you want him near, you want...  him close, you want him around you, right? Because you have to protect you. You might be pregnant. The idea that you can run around now and sleep with all these dudes and feel zero emotional attachment to any of them ever. It's hard coat. That's you trying to trick your brain and watch enough new age crap. You can run around and fuck a bunch of guys. It's not going to affect you emotionally in any way. The saddest, most miserable women of the world are women who are sluts. All of them. They are unhappy. They're unhappy because there's something inside of them that they know it's wrong. They know it's wrong. They don't feel right within themselves. I know girls will suck with one or two dudes and maybe the dude they're with maybe ain't perfect. Maybe he does this. Does that maybe cheat. Whatever, whatever. But they look at their man with such admiration because they haven't had enough dicks to lose that old school. Pure. Remember when you were in love when you were 15, that shit still alive for them chicks. And that's why a little buddy kid's count is important for a girl. A man's completely different. We're we're we're we're we're trying to shame them for have that you guys are all pic me's sluts always same girl.  when I have low counts. When I heard this girl talk a shit. So I was, I was behind the scenes. I wasn't even on this. I was listening to this girl talk. I always do. So when I was listening to this girl talk at her nonsense of this podcast, she was like, yeah, you know, I could be the girl who gets money and you know, you're the girl who stuck at home, blah, blah. But here's the thing. Look, men and women, men and women, we all get old. Time is the fire in which we all burn. And I'm telling you, the woman who she's making fun of for staying home while she's in the club, when she's, I mean, how old is she? She's like, she's like 28. What does it matter? It's a busy, though. Give her, give her, give her seven more years. Seven more years and she's going to be lonely. With lower, lower and lower quality men, the woman she's laughing at who is at home will be older and uglier and less attractive. And so will her man because that's what happens to people. We all age. But that woman will be with two kids. She's not going to be thinking, I need a bag, I need a bag. Her husband's taken care of her. She's got her two beautiful children and she's living in a life that is worth living for a 40 year old, a 45 year old.  a 50 year old woman, did she get her grandkids at her progression of being a woman through life continues. This girl is going to burn out, burn out. And if she somehow does manage to get pregnant from somebody and tricks his ass, he ain't going to want nothing to do with her. There's no happy family life. There's no, Paul Gold at the end of the rainbow for this kind of setup. So yeah, in the short term, she's in the club and the other girl isn't. But give that 10 years and look at your situation honestly. And tell me who's happy and who isn't. Yeah, man. And I want to say this too because the other girl was like, I was like, because you said, oh, I broke out my guy and I said, oh, that's not the smartest thing you want to get married young and the other girl, the weird chick, she was like, well, why? Like, you're not married right now. And I'm like, Jesus, man, like, with women, like men, if men do the work, we age like, why? If women, even if they outdo do the work, you're still going to lose value as a get older. I hate to say it. A woman that's 35 that's attractive is never going to be able to compete.  with a woman that's 25 and attractive. I'm sorry, it is what it is. Like men like youth and beauty, just like you want a guy that's tall and has money. So when she said that, I was like, you know, this is destructive advice that modern day women give each other like, oh, just push back marriage. It's okay, no big deal. And it's like, no, bro, you can't compete. You know, mother nature gives you your gifts, father time takes them away as a woman. That's the reality. If you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, that's kind of like the conversation that we were having a couple, a few months ago, where it was the older that you, the older you get as a woman, the more your chances dwindle of having a, like of being married, your negotiation power goes down. Having a child, because no, right. Nobody's going to want to have a kid with you when you're 36 or like, or want to, or want to, if you even want to bring a kid, you, it'll be tough. It's, it's like your chances of being married at or getting married at 36 and having a kid dwindle versus being 20.  You know what I mean? And getting married. Just to wrap up on this point, do you know how I know that women instinctively know that a low-body count is beneficial? Because have you ever seen a chick and a chick argue? Do you know what the first thing a woman calls a woman? She doesn't like? You're a fucking slut. You're a hope. You're a hope. Oh, yeah. Oh, so now how about you dick is bad? Because you don't like that girl. But then you're a city girl. I like a bunch of dick. So women know instinctively that being a slut, ain't a great thing. Damn. They know they were just blind. They know. Okay, super-testing in last thoughts here. Yeah, no. IQ of the conversation went up significantly after those girls left. I don't know why she knows. That was me joining. That was me joining. I'll read these Bianca and then you can go. Yeah. Okay. And.