 Alright guys, we got a crazy pod with Andrew Tate, this guy absolutely snapped. Before we get into it, if you have not tried out the prize picks app, you gotta download it right now. You guys know me, I've tried every single app when it comes to firing on sports. This picks hands down no brainer, the best app out there when it comes to firing on sports. It just makes watching the game so much more fun, because instead of just choosing a team, you're choosing individual players. So if you're smart with sports and you know what players are going to perform on what nights, prize picks, it's a no brainer, this is the app for you. We also got you guys on a great code. Code Nell, right here, if you put in $5, you get $50 free. Code Nell, take advantage of that code if you've never tried out the prize picks app, download it and plug that in. You got UFC this weekend, so stay tuned to our socials. We're going to be doing a community play with prize picks and you guys can tell us.  We got a prayer fight in this weekend and our boy Justin Gagey, so we're going to be going big. Look out for our plays. Download it for your first time and use Code Nelk. Shout out to PrizePix, Best Firing App in the game. Let's get into the pod. Alright guys, we have a very, very special episode today. I'm always excited to have this guy on. This has been the third time he's been on the podcast. I think the only other person that's done that is maybe Trump and Dana. Wow. So, Tates, one of the biggest supporters of the Full Sun podcast. We had you on pretty early, but we're glad to have you back, Andrew Tate. Thank you, sir. Yeah, the first one was Croatia. I remember that got me into a bunch of trouble. Then it was Dubai. Did I get into a job? No, I wouldn't say in Croatia. I said something about why men prefer younger women because they've been fucked less than older women and the feminist had a mental breakdown. I think that was the exact reason I lost Instagram, to be honest with you. Really? That podcast. Yeah. So let's do it again. I have nothing left to lose. Yeah, you have nothing left to lose. I know they've taken my freedom. They tried to take my money. Of course, they couldn't find it all. They've taken all my platforms. They took everything from me. So I have nothing left to lose. I have nothing left to lose. I have nothing left to lose.  I feel like that was that was that it like I don't want to see your peak, but was that one things were like Really getting fucking crazy. Let's analyze this to answer that question professionally We need to analyze exactly how fame works and a lot of the fame in the world today is gate kept right? So if you join a sports team your gatekeeper is your manager or your team If you talk out of line or say things you're not supposed to say you're off the team If you're in Hollywood you have a manager if you talk or say things you're not supposed to say you can't be in movies anymore You lose your manager and then the other gatekeepers are the social media platforms if you're on YouTube saying things you're not supposed to say you know when they Deleted you with Trump when you interviewed Trump they delete your channel or they delete you so your gate kept I managed to get Extremely famous without really having a gatekeeper and for that reason I was literally everywhere back then and Their goal to gatekeep me was to delete me from all of the social media platforms Which they did but that didn't work because people continue to share my content because you weren't going viral on your own pages You were but you were going you invented  clipping. Well, I guess you started the clipping era. I knew how to say things that people wanted to discuss, which served me very well in the algorithms and anybody who wanted views on their page could put up a video of me and get views. And on top of that, I wasn't copywriting anyone. I wasn't chasing the money off anyone. I didn't care. So there were people taking clips of me putting them up, making arguments happen, getting paid off the views, getting paid off the ad rev. I didn't take a penny of either. I didn't even realize that. Yeah, people made a lot of money. I did, but I forgot. You invented the clipping era pretty much. People saw you and they saw you getting clipped up, including us, like everyone saw it. And they're like, yo, this is a new way to go viral. And now clips are everything now. It's everything. But there's a double-edged sword because a lot of the things people think bad about me are from out of context, small clips, which are deliberately designed to be as abrasive and offensive as possible because it gets the most engagement. So some random kid in Peru can make money off ad sense. And I didn't even see the money. So it goes both ways. But yes, back then was before the-  social media algorithms were actively trying to suppress my influence. So that perhaps was the peak of seeing Andrew take everywhere. I like to believe you still see me everywhere. It's just changed. It's no longer YouTube and Croatia with Neltboys. It's on BBC getting dragon and out of jail, but I'm still everywhere. I remember the transition though, because I think the first thing I ever saw with views when you sat down with that like light skin British girl and like the bar. Standout TV, I think. I don't know what it was called. It was fucking hilarious. I saw that and it was funny. But I think on your on our podcast and like around that era, you would start to sprinkle in like because back then you're only talking about girls and kind of funny stuff. And then I would watch and I would notice and you started to like sprinkle and shit about how the world was working and corruption and like there was a little sprinkle of that on our podcast, like the education system or just then you kind of switched into that. And in you, you went away from the females and you started talking about just how the world works. And that got me a lot of trouble. I should have just carried on clowning on women. I should have just carried on.  on saying women can't drive. And maybe I wouldn't have ever had to go to jail. But it seems I did shift to the important subjects after a while. And I say this often on nearly every single podcast, it's important people understand it that your ability to speak freely is directly correlated to your insignificance. There's no such thing as free speech anywhere on the planet, including America, nowhere truthfully. Can you speak freely? There are always subjects and things you cannot say. And if you touch on those subjects, it's fine unless people listen to you. You could touch on the subjects in your living room with your friend when no one's paying attention. But if you have a large audience, it becomes very, very different. So, um, yeah, it seems like I flew too close to the sun just before my arrest when I was in Dubai after we did our podcast. I said to Tristan, you know, we have to be very careful. This is the Icarus story. We're doing very well here and we're everywhere and everyone knows who we are and we're making huge sums of money. And there's too many beautiful women by our pool and our house is so big and we have so many big addies and everything seems too perfect. This is the Icarus story. Something's going to go wrong. And then we all know the rest. Did you ever think you'd be this influenced?  You've been at this for a while. I know you've been in the kind of internet world doing different stuff, like entertainment, but did you ever think you'd be like this influential? It's a good question. Like you come to the US, everyone's fucking, like you would, you interested in like Batman, like you know what I'm saying? Did you ever think that would happen? Well the reason it happens is because so many people can't help but dislike me, right? It takes hot and cold air to create a tornado. It's not the fact that I have a lot of people who like hearing what I say. That alone and not, it's not enough to get the fanfare my brother and I get. It's that there's a contingent of the population which are just settled on the idea that we're the worst men in the world and that we're dangerous and that we're terrible. So you have these two polarizing teams, these two camps. It takes light and dark. It takes hot and cold. Like I said earlier about the reason my clips went so viral, some people would say he's 100% right? Some people would say he's 100% wrong. So I think I'm very good at saying things in a way which is as polarizing as possible which puts me in this position. So yeah, my influence is based on the back of the fact it Corona says that I am for fucks sake  people like what I say, but it's also based on the fact that there's a lot of people who cannot stand me. When you were coming up though, like you obviously obviously wanted to be successful, but did you think, did you like see this level of success in the world? I didn't see anyone else saying things that I knew to be true. I would look at things and go, well that's not true, but nobody else seemed to want to say it. Probably because of what we discussed earlier about your ability to speak freely is directly correlated. I got myself in trouble for what I did. So now I realize why. I mean, I always do why. I kept saying before I went to jail that they're going to lock me up. After the cancellation, I knew they were going to try and put me in jail. That was very obvious to me. But I don't think I could sit here and try and sound like a genius, but I remember saying in our initial podcast, it was a three stage plan. And stage one was to keep talking in a way that got me guarded me lots of attention and then to get canceled on purpose and then to move people from platforms, which were not matrix control. That was the whole plan. The plan was, I'm going to go on these podcasts. I'm going to say things that everybody knows to be true. I'm going to garner a whole bunch of attention. Eventually, they're going to try and shut me down as.  silenced me, I'm gonna move everybody over to alternative platforms. And then the rest of it kind of all played out with fate, I guess, that we move people over to rumble and obviously Elon ball X, I know control of Elon buying X, but I'm very glad he did. I moved people over to rumble, which is a fantastic platform where you can tell the truth. And then Trump won. Thank the Lord Trump won. So we're kind of here because if things were different only a few months ago at that election, I have a strong suspicion I would be in a jail right now. And so would Trump. So would you. Everybody would think just lock up everyone at that point. So it worked out well in the end. Yeah. So how's it like being back in Miami? We went out. We went out the other night. We went to dinner. Yeah. What would you think of it? You missed like you've been stuck in Romania for what? How long? Three years. Three years. Long time. Like was it nice like seeing some Miami chicks or like? You know what it's nice. It's actually nice hearing like American words around you. It's nice hearing English. It's nice hearing American accents. It's kind of reassuring to know that heaven forbid if something happens to me here and I go to court, I can at least talk English.  What do you think of the Miami talent? I don't know. I'm retired from all those things now. Do you want? I don't know what to say about girls. That will got me in trouble in the first place. Yeah, your wheels are a little bit rusty at dinner. I can't lie. I feel like I was kind of wingmaning you a little bit. Of course, you're the big boss here. You're the guy who's good with the girls. No, but I'm going to bounce him back and forth. But every single chick said they were in real estate too. Oh, of course. That's just what you get in Miami, right? If you were into crypto or you're getting into crypto, you guys got to use the Moonpay app. The main thing is the best app by far to buy and sell crypto. What I like about Moonpay is they have every goddamn payment provider on the planet on the app. They have Apple Pay, Venmo, PayPal, credit card, debit card. I can even use my ATM card on here. If you're holding different cryptos like Bitcoin, Eve, Salon or whatever you have, you can check all the prices in real time on one app. You don't need to bounce around to different apps. The game changer too is the customer service guys. All right, 24-7. They are always there for you. MoonPage is available on the iPhone app store and the Android app store. And I'll put the link.  in the description. Every single Monday we do Moon Pay Mondays on our X on our Instagram where we give away a thousand dollars in crypto. If you guys want to shot to win a thousand dollars download the Moon Pay app and DM us your username on X or Instagram no strings attached we choose a random winner that DMs us their Moon Pay username and we give away a thousand dollars. Shout out to Moon Pay the best crypto app in the game. Let's get back into the pod. Was there anything surprising about like the culture? Because I saw I saw you at dinner it was so funny I'm sitting beside Tate and there's music on and Tate has a Shazam app out. Yeah. There's shazamming every single song. Yeah. Every single song and then you're adding it to a Spotify playlist. It's good. But it was like it was like 10 bands or like energy by Drake. It was like songs everyone would know. Like are you are you not listening to like any American shit at all? No, I'm kind of I've been kind of disconnected from the states and the whole American culture. I've literally been three years in Romania and two years of that in my house. So it's been a kind of a strange culture shock. It's nice to be home. It certainly feels nice to be home but I feel like there's so much work to do and there's a lot of catching up to do so it doesn't.  feel like I'm, I guess this is my personality as a whole to be honest with you, no matter what situation I'm in, but I'm never looking at something going, ah, cool, I get to relax now or all cool, I get to chill. It's always, okay, how, what work can be done here? So I'm glad to be back in America. I was a bit disappointed by my welcome, but I've come to the realization now that the people who dislike me dislike me not because I'm guilty of anything. They just don't like me. So they're always going to hate me, which is fine. These charges are going to haunt my name for the rest of human time, no matter how innocent I'm proven, which is fine. So it's good to be home. It's also very nice to interact with real people again, and I've had no negative interactions with anybody. Everybody comes up to me and says very nice things. It seems I have a lot of fans here. Even when we went out like all the girls, everyone, but people are very fascinated by you, right? Like even the chicks, like they're kind of just like staring like, yo, is this guy fucking real person? Well, I think that I have this strange reputation now. My enemies have given me the reputation of like a mob boss, a bad guy, like Tristan and I are the Gambino brothers, which is kind of sick. It's kind of cool. I mean, let's be honest, it's kind of cool to be like the...  rich famous bad guy. Yeah. So, and you guys are like real life fucking supervillains. Well, if you're like a cartel, let's say you're a cartel boss, right? You're in Mexico and you're doing real shit and you're troping people's legs off and you're having the cartel, whatever. I mean, obviously you have motion, you have movement, but you can't go any city in the world and be feared. You're just going to walk into one city and Santa pay whatever and no one's going to know who you are or just to do it. We're tristan and I can go in any city on the planet and they're like, oh my god, it's damn, oh my god. And everyone kind of gets a little bit shook. I don't know why. We don't do anything. We have dinner. It's interesting. Yes, I have to thank my enemies for that. I also have to thank my enemies for how pathetically they bitch and moan and cry about me. It truly is my brother and I enjoy each morning with our coffee. Sometimes we see comments of people having mental breakdowns. The tape brothers are the most dangerous misogynist. It's so fucking gay. Who's the biggest whiner? Ben Shapiro cries non-stop. You went out of yesterday right now. All these conservatives have mental breakdowns. They do it in such a fest. They do it in such a feminine frame. It's just hilarious. Which sucks because I do like Ben too. I mean, obviously he says a lot of smart things. I got benefit.  of him and I'm a fan of yours, which is like, I feel like you guys are disagreeing on such small things, right? I'm sure you guys agree on a lot of shit too. I'm sure we probably agree that dudes can't drop their dick off and become a chick. I mean, but that's pretty basic. I mean, I struggle to disagree with that. I probably agree on that point with nearly anyone on the planet. Would you ever do a one-on-one debate with him? Sure. Has that ever been talked about? I don't think he'd like to do it because next to me on camera, he's gonna look extremely small and optics matter. I'm a fan of both of them and I would, as a fan, I would love to see that. I'd love to talk to the guy, but he's just gonna look like a midget. He has the problem which he cannot solve, which is that he's a very small man. He's a very small man. He's a smaller than my girlfriend and he's gonna look ridiculous at him next to me. If he can fix that, he can get a booster seat, then sure, we can talk about that. That'd be good entertainment. What else do you have planned while you're here? I know we might go to UFC in Power Slap. UFC Power Slap in Vegas might do that. I've got a new penthouse I'm moving into, gonna do that. You think about a penthouse here? Yeah. Wow. After that dinner with you, after hearing those few songs.  Shazam the thought I fucking so bought a house here. Do you think you could name like any popular songs? Probably what if we went like I am I am the worst we went 10k song now I am the worst for popular culture you can try I am shit songs. Let's do this very watch movies I don't watch TV 25k song Fucking out. What if you you know you don't have to pay me. Oh, that's free money So this is like this is like the jet to Vegas free money. All right. Let's go. All right. Let's go Let's do we'll do four songs cool, but I don't watch movies. I don't watch TV. I haven't seen Game of Thrones I don't know all you cool kids are doing anything Got to notice I heard it before who is it? You got to name the title and the artist no no group. I can't name the title in the artist. No, I know the song throw It's last night by Morgan Wallen. I know the song. I've heard you don't put Morgan Wallen. No, sorry  But I have heard that song. Okay, I've definitely heard it all right. I didn't know who's buy I never I don't know if this is your jazz I Personally think this is a track I I Can't even guess it's right because you look like a bitch. No, it's either area on a gronday or do a leap Both wrong. I fucking Who espresso Sabrina Carpenter? I have Sabrina Carpenter. The fuck Sabrina Carpenter? I don't know these people are I don't think he's gonna get any I know the songs. I don't know who sings them It's not like the olden days where it used to matter who the artist was Honestly, I couldn't even name this one too, but I know it's possible  That sounds like that. What's her name? Megan the saloon. Sounds like her. It's a different. Oh, I don't know. All right. Well, we went over three. That was a Yaglow. Yeah. So you're I mean, I'm just connected. I don't know. You know, it's kind of amazing. Music used to matter like the song will come out and it'd be the song of the summer. I'm old enough to remember this. I know. How old are you? 30. You're youngster. I'm a real old man. I'm 38. So I remember us. One song would be the song of the summer. And everybody knows who sung it. And it would be the biggest track ever. And it would matter. And everyone would buy the CD. And you couldn't listen to it for your online. And you sit there and watch the music channel all day, waiting for it to come on. Now that's just so much music being pumped out on Spotify's ridiculous. What did you listen to growing up? Like what what's like nostalgic for you? The only thing that was playing in my house was my father's music, which was Bobby Womack, usually. It was like soul. That I started going. You're like a teenager though. And you like, have I really ever been that into music? I'm not sure. I haven't been. Like you listen to rock or rap. I listen to everything. And I like everything. I like good songs from everything. But I...  would never say I've ever been really into music. I've never been to a concert ever. If I hear a song, I like it, but you know, I don't should hit them more than one concert. I mean, it's probably great. There's probably, you know, girls and cowboy hats. It's a good place to fall in love. I bet it is. I bet it is, but I've just never been, you know, I've never really been ultra fascinated with most things. I kind of, I have this weird habit, which I'm gonna admit now on this podcast, which would be used against me forever, but I never watch TV ever. And if I do watch TV, the only thing I watch are cooking shows. And I watch cooking shows and I get mad. They irritate me, but for some reason I'm addicted, like a fly bumping into a lamp. I just have to sit there and watch cooking shows. And I get mad watching them, because I'm sitting there going, okay, food is good, but the way these people talk about food and the mental breakdown they're having over food, are you fucking retarded? Like who cares? It's cheese, bro. No, but it's the cheese. And the cheese, did you try that cheese? Oh my God, the cheese is late and they start crying because they missed the dinner. And I just sit there watching, getting more and more frustrated until I eventually turn it off. Food is not that interesting.  music's great but it's not that interesting. I've never really been that into these things. I kind of feel like I've had a higher threshold for entertainment and that has been a blessing and a curse because you're difficult to please but if you're difficult to please you're gonna try and achieve amazing things. Why? You're trying to achieve amazing things all the time. You're gonna achieve amazing things. If you can wake up and have a cheese sandwich and put on fucking a song from Spotify and be like today's great, well then you're never gonna do what it takes to go out there and actually be successful. If you wake up and say I don't care about the food, don't care about the music, don't care about the sports team, don't care about the TV, don't care about any of that. I want to be a guide. I want to jet. I want to work. So I've never been entertained by these things. I don't find them that interesting. I'm not against them and I know what a good song is but I've just I've just got bigger fish to fry. Because you think it's like a waste of time. I've seen you say that before. Is it does your mind just never stop? If I had to be honest with you, I think my dopamine receptors are pretty fucked by now. I mean I grew up completely poor and then I had 87 professional fights which of course is going to be a huge rush. That's why fighters get addicted to it  Once you retire from fighting normal life is pretty bland and mundane Mm-hmm, and then I had the whole webcam thing and I had all these beautiful women work with me I was making money with that and then that went bust and I went broke again Then I got filthy rich with bagaddies and private jets and hundreds of millions of dollars Then I get thrown in a Romanian dungeon that I've become the most famous man in the world Then I'm stuck in Romania for three years in my house Then I fly to Miami and land and it's a hero everyone's fanfare like my dopamine receptors have been up That's so when someone goes I've heard this song I'm so pro who gives a fuck like I've done too many bigger things It's like a man who's been to war and then he comes back and they're like do you want to watch this movie? He's like not really like I'm used to getting shot. I don't give a shit about this movie. It doesn't matter anymore So um at this moment in time are you like are you like happy? I wouldn't say I'm unhappy in any way And I would I would say I'm happy yes, but the whole idea of happiness in and of itself is skewed in the West In the world especially in the masculine frame because there's so many men who are waking up come  complaining about the fact they're not happy, which is the strangest mindset I think a man can have because as a man, how happy you are has absolutely nothing to do with how you live your life and how you perform and what you need to do. How happy you are is a pointless measurement. So why do you even measure it at all? I would argue that as long as you're not distraught, as long as someone you love didn't die that day, heaven forbid that happens often. Let's say a couple, a couple of times a decade, besides those days, you should be happy enough to go to the gym and perform and make your money and do what you need to do. Who gives a shit if you're particularly smiley or not? I think it's quite binary. This whole idea of how happy am I is the easiest way for a man to destroy his life. If you're chasing happiness, you're only going to do hedonistic garbage and achieve absolutely nothing important. If you wake up and say, I don't care how happy I am, I want to be proud of myself and I want to make other people proud of me. So I have to do all these things irregardless of how I feel. You're going to have a fantastic life. If you wake up and say, I want to be happy, you're going to chase silly hose drugs and alcohol. That's temporary happiness. But how else can you get instant happiness unless it's temporary?  long-term happiness is something that's only going to come from dedication and hard work, which requires short-term sufferings, just delayed. So if you're dedicating yourself and working hard for the future happiness, but especially considering the fact that most people are never happy with what they get and you always want more, your life just becomes hard work and dedication and struggle and suffering, and that's what you just exist within, and you don't operate under the paradigm of happy or sad. To me, it's quite binary. It's not a scale of how happy am I. It's just has something terrible happened today. Am I just straw? No, then I'm happy. It's almost like there's no such thing as cold. It's just an absence of heat in space. There's no cold. There's just heat or there's no heat. Well, if there's no despair, heaven forbid a family member dies. If there's no despair, then there's only happiness left. I was happy in jail. I'm happy here. I'm happy in Romania. I'm happy if they arrest me again. I'm happy all the time because unless something truly devastating happens, it's the only frame I operate under. But to me, happiness isn't the giddish smiling. Look at me. I'm happy.  That's for children and women. And as a man, truthfully, you get your contentment. I wouldn't even say happiness, but you achieve your contentment through making others happy. I feel content when my children are happy. I feel content when I make my woman happy. I get more from giving than receiving. That's why Christmas is set up the way it is and dad never gets anything. We give, we go to work, we struggle, we make money, we suffer so others can be happy because of us. It's not our job to be happy ourselves. You show me a man who wakes up and says he wants to be happy himself. I'll show you a bitch because that's not what you're supposed to do. As a man, you're supposed to wake up and say, all right, my life might be shit. I'm gonna suffer. I may be miserable, but every single person I love is going to be happy. Instead, so you live externally, you live through them. You give them the happiness. So happiness is just a bonus. Well, because you've been still take care of the wife and the kids and like, be jacked and be happy. Of course, you can be, but it's not the be all and end all of the masculine imperative. Truthfully, if I had to choose between being happy or being competent, if I had to choose.  between being me with my influence and my competency, but with all of my stress and headache, or being happy as a nobody sitting in the park doing mushrooms staring at the clouds, like a dumbass, I would choose to be me, clearly, because I did. So I think as a man, unless you're competent and capable, no, but let's actually analyze this, unless you're competent and capable as a man, you're not even prepared, you can't even love anything unless you're competent and capable as a man. That was funny. No, no, you're right though. No, but this is important, because this is why, you know, when girls have those loser dudes who are like saying, I love you so much, I love you and the girl doesn't give a shit that the loser dudes telling her that he loves her. Why is that? Because the female is smart enough to understand on an intrinsic level, that as a man, if you have no capability to give her things, if you have no competence, if you have no skills or use case, that your love is completely useless. It's like, if you have a brother beside you, who says he loves you with all his heart, but he's a complete pussy and he can't fight and you get attacked, what's his love worth? Okay, watch his love worth.  So as a man, if you want to say I love my wife, I love my children, I love my friends, I love the world. You could only have a love that is valuable if you're competent and you're capable. You're only going to have that if you suffer. So if you want to have the ability to love other people, if I want to be a person who can wake up and realize I truly love my children, I truly love my woman, then the only way I can do that is to suffer enough to be a man whose love has value. If I wake up and say I truly love the people I care about, but I want to be happy so I'm going to go and sit in the field and take mushrooms and be a dumbass. Well then my love is completely valueless because when they call me and say there's a problem, Andrew, you love me, fix it. I'm going to say I can't. And men are nothing but success objects. We are valued by what we can do. We are competency objects. Females are sex objects. Men are what can he do? What is he good at? That's all we're measured on is our capability. I think happiness is the easiest way to destroy your own capability because you're too busy doing dumb shit. So when you ask me that question, the reason I gave such a long...  answers because how happy I am doesn't cross my fucking mind. I wake up and I have things to do. I have bills to pay. There's millions to make. I'm gonna do this podcast and I'm gonna go home and then I need to train and I have a whole bunch of other stuff to do. Then I have to fix everybody else's problems. Then I got to talk to my children. Everyone's life is great but mine. Mine's been long stressful and busy and then I'm gonna go to sleep and I'm gonna wake up and I'm gonna do it again. There's no time for me to be happy in any of this equation ever and if I choose happiness, if I decide to be happy, then I can't love the people I love properly because then I've become useless. Alright guys, if you are doing any type of e-commerce online and you're not using Shopify, you're making your life way harder than it needs to be. You guys know how crazy our full send merch drops got and the reason it all ran so smoothly was the business behind the business with Shopify. We use Shopify all throughout every single stage of full send from the very beginning and it made sure we got our stuff to you guys hassle-free. Shopify is such a good deal. It even allows us to offer you guys free shipping with purchases of a hundred dollars or more on our new UFC stuff and  happy that stuff. Go check it out on full send dot com right now. Shopify's got your back with the number one check out on the planet. And with shop pay conversions now can go up by 50% which is crazy. That's way fewer abandoned carts and way more sales. Trust me, you Shopify like we do. You guys can sign up for a $1 per month free trial. Just go to Shopify dot com slash full send. So if you're thinking about starting a business guys, go to Shopify dot com slash full send. Like I said, and start your business what do you think is the biggest reason that a lot of males are not elevating or they're like, you know, if you hear people talk about that all the time now, because they're trying to be happy. This is a fucking sire. This is the biggest sire that needs to be addressed in the modern world today. There are full grown men waking up talking about talking about, talking about, oh, you know, I just feel a bit down. You're not a fucking girl and you're not a kid. You mean, what do you mean you feel down? You're not in a trench in Ukraine. What do you mean you feel down? Name a period of human history where men were ever happy ever. You're either  In a field plowing, in a field getting shot, marching at a cannon, sitting home, hoping the barbarian hordes to arrive on horseback to decapitate your fucking wife. When have men ever been happy ever? It's easier than it's ever been. Yeah. It's easier than it's ever been. You haven't even got to go to war. All you have to do is wake up, not be a dipshit, find some money by a half-nice car, get a half-nice apartment. Then you could fuckinglessly. You're still not happy? What are you an idiot? So you think it's about perspective? I think it's about a bunch of selfish losers who are having the femcentric siop permanently ingrained inside of their minds of this endless chase for giddish childish happiness. The happiness you felt when you were five, newsflash, the happiness you felt when you were five years old is gone and is never coming back. Those Christmas mornings that you enjoyed are gone. You are a grown-up. You are a man. Now, a woman can feel that. You could put a woman on a jet and take her somewhere she's never-  been and she can be in love with you and she can feel it like a kid. Your children can feel it. You can give it to others, but you are never going to feel it yourself. And if you chase it, you're going to end up on drugs, doing dumb shit, losing everything you've ever cared about. So just forget about happiness. Forget about it. You're not supposed to have it. I will genuinely state and I state this as a matter of fact. I feel no more happy or sad here in Miami than I didn't jail. First I feel I have more I can get done here. I feel more achieved. I feel less frustrated. True. Because I was very frustrated in jail because I was constrained and I had lots to get done. But in terms of actual happiness, the level is basically exactly the same. Nothing's different. Nothing's different. I wake up and I have things to do. And I'm going to do them to the best of my ability. Perhaps in jail, I'm constrained. It's a little bit harder. I get half an hour on the jail phone. I have to talk in code here. I get a nice iPhone. I can text everything. Everything can get it all done. But my happiness is exactly the same. But what's your best advice to a guy that's been rejected or cheated on by a girl? Well, he probably...  deserved it. I don't give a fuck about these pussy's either because we're men. You have to take accountability for all these things. What do you mean rejected by a girl? I don't get rejected by girls. Why? This isn't an interesting question. A guy will come up to me and go, my girls reject me. I'll say, okay, well, they don't reject me. It goes, oh, that's because you're a big, strong, rich and famous. Well, then do you have the answer? Get big, strong, rich and famous. Why you was getting a little pussy? So what do you want me to do about it? Women are a fantastic litmus test. Women are the mirror to the world. That's what they are. The way women treat you tells you everything you need to know about you. Because we can complete out women all day long, but I'll sit here and say that women definitely shoot their shot and women are definitely loyal and women definitely obey and they will clean your room and they'll make you coffee and they'll share you and they'll do anything you fucking say. That's what I'll say and people will go all only for you. Well, why is that? Because I'm highly achieved. So if you want to sit at home and be a loser and be a nobody and not try and not dedicate yourself and...  not suffer and not display value and then you expect some fucking hot girl with all the choices in the world to choose you and give a shit about you crying that you're not happy well then you're a dipshit and you deserve to be cheated on and left. As a man every single thing that happens to you in your life you absolutely completely deserve including that woman cheating because she wouldn't cheat on everyone. There are some complete horrors fine but then but then we go deeper down the rabbit hole. If you're dating a girl's complete ho who will cheat on absolutely every single man she's ever with why are you even with her or why do you why do you care when she cheats take her for a spin and say out and give a fuck. You're falling in love with with tramps and then you're emailing me for advice. Well you're a dummy. There's plenty of good girls out there that will never cheat you just can't get them because you're a pussy right we can't sigh off the entire female population women with unlimited options which is what they have via their Instagram profiles unlimited options to choose a shit option. I can't sit there and say.  say, here's what you say, bro, here's the magic word to make her blind and dumb. You're a fuck adip-shit. So that's why you got cheated on. Perhaps if you looked in the mirror, you could identify exactly why she did it. You can look in the mirror and say, was this actually my fault? And on some level, it is. It always is. The only way you can succeed in life as a man is if you take absolute responsibility for everything all of the time. You have to sit there and say every single thing that happens in my life is my fault. Even if it feels like it's not. Even if she cheats on you, every man goes, ah, she's a hoe, she cheated. Her friends meet her, do it. She went out, she drunk, did it. Why is she hanging up with those friends? Why didn't you stop it? Because you told her not to hang out with them. She didn't respect you enough. So why doesn't she respect you enough? Your fault, your fault. Why are you falling in love with a girl who doesn't obey you? Because you have no other options. Who's fault's that? Yours. Simple. You're choosing bad apples because you ain't got any good ones. When you're boys dating like a big like hoe though, sometimes it's tough to tell them like, bro, your girls are hoe. Just laugh at him. Just laugh at him. Just say, yeah, she's a slut. She's gonna cheat on you.  And then she cheats and just gives him no sympathy. Welcome to the real world motherfucker. I told you. Like, but the amount of times I get asked about girls by dudes who don't deserve pussy is ridiculous. You're asking me about girls and you're worried about girl cheating, bro. You're poor. You are broke and you are weak. What the fuck you talk about girls for? You have bigger concerns to address. It really is amazing to me because I get this all the time. People come up to me randomly on the street. Oh, hey, man. Yeah. I love your content and my girl. You're a girl. You're a guy with arms pussy. We want to be your fucking girl for. It's unbelievable. If you get your shit right, it's amazing how quickly everything else falls into place. The best way to be good with girls is to be good with everything besides girls. If you're good at business and you're good with people and your body's in good shape and your charismatic and your smart and you're interesting and your wise and you got a good network and a fucking y'all and a Bugatti and a jet. Guess what? You can't get rid of them. You can't get rid of them. Before you know it, you have so many in your house. You get accused of human fucking trafficking. That's what happens. If you get your shit right. But of course you...  you're gonna sit there and only focus on the girls with none of the other stuff. DMing them all day. What do I do? I'm a girl to make a reply. You've got 42 followers. The fuck you want me to say? That's the funniest question. What do I do? I'm a girl. Yeah. But this, this obsession with girls, bro, girls are a mirror. Girls will tell you everything you need to know about who you are and you need to start listening to what you're being. You need to listen to the feedback. Listen to the feedback and improve yourself. You can't blame women for trying to get the best they can get. And the sexual marketplace is drastically changed now. It's completely globalized. It's completely online. There's no such thing as finding a hot little, beautiful girl from a small town. Her, she's got two million followers. So it's all online. It's endless competition with men all around the world. From the age of 18, they're being offered to fly out to Sydney, Dubai, Singapore, Tokyo. This is the game now. So you have two choices. You can either cry your eyes out about it or live in some delusion where you think I'm going to give you advice. It's going to stop you from being a pussy or you can compete. And if you want.  to compete then you need to be ultra self-accountable when you compete in anything. How do you do it self-accountability? Doesn't matter what it is you can be a basketball player, you can be a chess player. After the game you analyze the game. What did I do right? What did I do wrong? You should be doing that in your life with everything. Like after every date? Well after every date but after everything all over the time. Once the last time you looked yourself in the mirror and said okay it's just a man am I the best version of myself? Could I do better? The answer is always yes I could do better of course I could but I'm honest with myself about it about how close am I to optimum right? What about me would even be attractive to a girl or of a girl's acting a certain way or she ain't listening to you why isn't she listening to me right? But most people don't want to self reflect they want to blame the women which is the problem with the red women. Even it's not woman it's easier to blame someone else even in your work it's easier to blame someone else than yourself. Well everybody always blames everybody else for everything which is why they never succeed in win. I know I blame myself. I blame myself for everything. I blame myself for the matrix attack that put me in jail even though it was a setup I blame myself. I blame myself  I blame myself for getting wet in the rings. I didn't bring a fucking umbrella. I don't cry at the clouds, like a dumbass. So you have women with all these choices on their plate and you have the men who basically are so busy doing other fantastic things. They don't want the women who are getting them. That's what's so interesting. The men who are getting the women that everybody's chasing are the men like me who don't really even want them. I don't wanna hang around with a bunch of fucking girls. It's boring. And I don't mean it disrespectfully. I wake up and I'd rather make money do interesting big important things than sit around having fucking date night. I don't wanna sit there and hold hands and watch a movie. It's gay. I don't wanna hang out with girls. How's that gay? Because it's gay. But you're holding hands with a girl. Yeah, but who hangs out with girls in high school? In high school. When you're in high school and you see a dude hang out with a bunch of girls, what is he? Oh, well, I mean, there's gay. There's gay guys that have a lot of girlfriends. Of course, right. So I wait, I wouldn't say watching a movie with a girl's gay. No, the point I'm making is, as a man, obviously you have romantic interests with a female. Obviously you want progeny in children. Obviously you, we all feel love. We want to protect and provide the...  women we care about, of course. I understand all of that. But if you're a man who's truly busy in your empire building, you don't want to sit around with girls all day. You don't want to hang out with girls as your best friend. Your girlfriend doesn't need to be your best friend. She's your girlfriend. It's a very different category. I wake up every day. I'm with my brother and with my guys. We have an empire. We have work to do. We have very important things to achieve. We work all the time. We get all of it done. My girlfriend's around sometimes. But there is none of this me and my girlfriend are best friends. Let's hold hands. Let's watch movies. We have the same interests. That is gay. That's what gay dudes do. There's a whole bunch of men in relationships with girls who are gay. Yes. But the straight men were too busy making enough money to have a third yaw. And then before you know it, all of the gay men who were chasing the real actual hot girls and getting ignored, those hot girls ended up on our yawks. We're not chasing them. We're not hanging out with them as fucking friends who don't care. You want to calm you out? Okay. Yes. Here's a dress. So where do you draw the line on like the gayness, too? So if I have a girl, no holding hands, no dates. I'm not saying that. What I'm saying is that. I can't take her golfing. No, what if they both like golf? No, I'm not saying that because I don't want to be gay.  No, of course, but I did data girl and we both like golf. So now I'm kind of questioning my sexuality close Now the point I'm making is that there's a lot of men who feel like it and in fact let's analyze this another way. Let me make it clearer How potent you are as a man directly correlates to how much time you have to dedicate towards nearly anything Doesn't matter what it is right if you have strong alcohol You need less of it to get drunk than if you have weak alcohol So you have men who perhaps are not that important or that successful or that capable or that interesting or that battle hardened or that rich Whatever it is they're the normal man the only thing they have to give a woman is time That's all they have they have nothing else to give so they spend all of their time with a girl all of the time Which means they end up basically being her best friend and shared interests and all this Which is fine, but if you're truly a really interesting capable man You don't have to do that because you're doing other interesting things that big King making empire builders do and yeah, you see girls sometimes, but they're not your best friend and they're not your primary interest either  They're the side effect of your monumental achievements. It's very different than being sitting there with a girl all day every day and say, she's my best friend. I couldn't live with our, yeah, we share the same hobbies. Oh my god, we like the same movies. Yeah, we do the same thing that that's very different than me and T saying, okay, all right, we have to fly to Istanbul to check on our yacht, which girls coming. Yeah, come and put them on the jet at the back so they can talk girl shit. Meantress, so could talk fucking yacht shit. It's different. It's just a different mentality. It's really not that different. Don't you remember when you were growing up? Perhaps the eight years makes a big difference when I was growing up at Christmas dinner. The men sat with the men and the girls and the, the wives and the children sat on another table. That's how I grew up. All the women and all the children were on one table and all the men were on another table. Nowadays it's gotten so fucked up. You got the men and the women, the husband and wife all together on the same table. The men are trying to have a conversation. Some dudes wife fucking pipes up. Some wife is just interrupting eight full grown men with her opinion that she fucking heard from Wuppie Goldberg. What the fuck? I didn't grow up that way. I grew up with men are talking. You don't interrupt men are talking. It's the man's table. Men are talking.  That's how I grew up. And you had a woman, of course, and she had her jobs and you had your job, but you're busy doing things with the men. That's how you grew up. That's why I live with my brother and my team still to this day at 30 years old. We have a huge mansion and us guys live together. We wake up every day, we get some fucking money. That's it. But if you wake up every day with your girlfriend and wanna make TikToks, and some dudes do, they wake up every day with their girlfriend and they make those TikToks. That shit's gay. Oh, I agree, I agree. I love you. That shit's gay. Fake argument with a pillow and like, you're fucking homos. You're homosexuals. Yeah. I don't give a fuck how straight you think you are. You can have gay sex with a bitch because you clearly are. I agree. It's gay. So there's a level of obsession with a woman that makes you gay, yes. Only gay men are overly obsessed with women on that level. And truthfully, I'll say something else controversial because may as well get myself in trouble. I'm good at that. There's also a whole bunch of men who are obsessed over women they don't even have children with. A relationship isn't even serious without a kid. Like, the marriage doesn't mean anything. The piece of paper doesn't mean anything. Moving it together doesn't mean anything.  Holden hands means nothing, TikTok means nothing, a ring means nothing, bouquets mean nothing, anniversaries mean nothing, birthdays mean nothing, it's all bullshit. Until you have a fucking child with a woman, it's all just a waste of time anyway. I see dudes crying their eyes out over women who've left them. Oh, you should left me, how long will you be together? Oh, two years. And you ain't got a kid? No. So what the fuck were you doing, TikTok? Two years with a woman that she's left, did you just waste of time anyway? So relationships don't even serious. But a woman doesn't even give me a child. Why the fuck would I sit and listen to her crap? Why am I gonna sit there? They've all the people, I could talk to you, I could talk to the PBD, I could talk to Trot, I could talk to all the most important interesting people on the planet, but no. Instead of doing that, I'm gonna sit there and listen to her with her opinions. And she ain't even give me a kid. What the fuck should you go to talk about? Sex into city? Well, I think sometimes the guys are scared of having a kid, right? Like if I was dating a girl for a year, don't you gotta be careful like who you have a kid with? Why? I don't like that girl's gonna be in your life.  forever then. No, she's not the kid is. Well, you're still going to have to interact with her in Cheshire. She's going to have to text you. You're going to have to see her. You're going to see her all the time. You know what it is. It's kind of what you think I'm overthinking that. Of course you are. Because it's a no. Maybe maybe maybe I'm maybe I'm just more militant. I don't know. Maybe. Yeah. Maybe I'm just I definitely are. But well, no disrespect. I'm busy. See you in six months. Send kid here. Thanks. What the fuck? So that's how you handle it? It's just all over text. I'm busy. Yeah. Okay. So it's just like dropping out the front door. Yeah. I mean, I don't I don't want to offend them and they know me well enough to know that it's not offensive. I've just got important things to do. I don't have time to sit around. Go golf. I'm joking. You're my friend. But no, you know what I mean? You don't like golf? You know, I'm should at golf. I've tried once. I quit. Yeah. But the point I'm making here is this. Let's let me surmise because I've set a lot. Elon is putting rockets in space. Elon is one of the most important men on the planet. He's trying to fix all the government corruption. He doesn't have time to sit around.  and be a boyfriend. He's better than that. It would be a waste of Elon's monumental capabilities for him to sit around and play boyfriend and watch a shit movie with a chick. He knows it, and she should know it. I see what you're saying. They should have a kid. He should go back to work. That's what he should do because he is a very important man. Now, if you're a Joe Schmo with fuck all else to do, cool. Sit around, make TikToks with your woman. Fine. I have better things to do. That's all I'm trying to say. No, that makes sense. What do you think about Elon when he took over X? Did you get reinstated right away? I got reinstated right away. Elon's a real G. A real G. He put me back on right away. Were you surprised by that? I guess I was kind of surprised, but then to be honest with you, I think any of the social media bands against me are ridiculous. I don't know what I'm even banned for. What are my ban for jokes and saying women can't drive and stupid things? So I got banned for basically nothing in the first place. And Elon shows that when a CEO comes along who understands the truth of the world and isn't woke, mind virus, success.  that you can instantly get your platform back. I think the CEO to YouTube's change now, hasn't it? Yeah, we met him at the inauguration and it was crazy. So like we said, our Trump interview got deleted two years ago. So I remember that that was insane. It was insane, right? So and then we went to this, this is a YouTube party, the CEO of Google was there, the CEO of YouTube and it was an inauguration event. So like P.B.D. was there too, like Lex Friedman. And then there was a TV and on repeat, it was all the content that people had done with Trump leading up to the election. Wow. And I'm like looking in the corner and I'm looking at the TV and I'm like, this is a fucking YouTube event. Like two years ago, our shit got deleted with Trump. And that was his first podcast he ever did. I think they're obviously, I mean, they're probably following the money at the same time, but the YouTube CEO seemed like, you know, he knew I was like an OG, he knew all about our channel. So it seems like he's, they're obviously gonna have to get a lot more in touch with everything, right? Yeah, he seems, it sounds like he's a balanced guy. I've heard it from a few people and they've all said he's a pretty sensible smart.  So I mean, a reinstatement on YouTube would be great. That'd be huge. Yeah. I mean, I need to bring back our boy, Steve too. Yeah, of course. I think I really think they should have done a hard reset to be honest. Once Trump won again, everyone who's banned should just be unbanned. Let's reset. Let's start again. Unless see who says what? Because even there's a lot of people who are banned a long time ago, whose opinions may have changed. They may now be saying things different than what they used to say or the public perception about certain things like COVID is completely changed. You get banned for COVID misinformation. Now we all accept COVID was a huge scam. So I think they should just do a blanket pardon and restart. You can always reband someone like if YouTube were to reinstate me and think that I would say things that were so devastatingly dangerous, they need to ban me again, then fine, strike me ban me. But I think they should just do a blanket pardon. That's what I would do. I think that's what Elon did. Yeah. Elon just blank it pardoned everyone, put everyone back and decided who gets to stay and who doesn't. And it turns out I get to stay because I say very important, interesting things. And I'm not even breaking any of the rules. I never had a strike or a lock out or no problems on X ever. So I think I'll be a fantastic way to go.  like they're all doing it right, even Zuckerborg, they brought Dana on as on the board. Amazing. Which is, I think a bigger fucking W for Metta. Well, it is, but Metta still hasn't reinstated me either. I still need to try and get my Instagram back, but I feel happy knowing Dana's on the board. So I've never met Dana, I've never spoke to him, but the fact he's on the board means the board cannot be in ridiculously woke because every time I see Dana speak, I'm like, yep. Yep, yep, everything he says is true. What I like about Dana too is like, I'm sure the UFC sometimes gets a lot of pressures from their advertisers too. Like if you see someone like Sean Strickland or the, I don't know if you've seen the Bryce Mitchell shit recently, where I'm sure in the background, they get a lot, a lot of pressure from sponsors and business deals, but Dana just stands on his two feet and just says like, yo, I'm not going to tell my fighters what to say. Fantastic. Fantastic. Because once you start policing people's speech, it's only downhill from there. We know that we know that from the last four years of how this country got trotted into the ground. So yeah, I think it's fantastic.  I remember with the Bryce Mitchell thing, Dana said, look, I don't agree with it. I think what he said was stupid, but he's allowed to say it. And that's the most sensible, what is possibly wrong with that point of view? That is so ridiculously sensible. I couldn't agree more. I couldn't agree more. And the fact that Dana sticks up for his fighters as well, which is what you'd expect of somebody who runs the organization you fight for. Absolutely admirable. He's the goat. Yeah, he is. What else do you have planned while you're in the US? Is there anyone else you're gonna link up with? I saw what's good with the Kanye interview. Yeah, Kanye tweeted at me. We kind of spoke a little bit. We had a conversation. You were spoken on the phone? Yeah, we spoke on the phone. Kanye and I. I would love to have that chat with Kanye. I think that would be an interesting one. It was certainly set the internet on fire. We'll have to see how it all comes about. We'll have to get it done. It's coming sooner or later. We'll get it done. But yeah, I'm being patient with it because I intend on being an America for a very long time now. So I don't do everything at once. We're gonna let it slowly or we can't be great. Yeah, you might fuck your shit up a little bit, right? Well, if I do everything at once, too quickly as well, people can't properly digest it. And I like to think that my ideas sometimes need to be thought about a little bit. So.  So I'm going to kind of space it out a little bit. And I'm also going to try and find some time, even though I just said all that crap about happiness. I'm going to completely contradict myself now. We define some time to try and do something which is not work. We need to do something. I don't know what we do in America. We can shoot guns. You can shoot guns. Or I can go shoot guns. What else do you like? Like, go to the beach. That's not fun, bro. Just chill at the beach. I mean, you could work on your phone. No, that's depressing. What else is fun, then? I love racing cars. What I loved about living in Europe was driving. Because in Europe, you can get a Lambo. You can drive it however you want. And they have these crazy mountain roads. And you can race around through the mountains and all these beautiful sceneries. And the police would stop you eventually for speeding, but they'd just take your license and you're only half an hour from the next country. You just leave France and to Italy and carry on driving, even though you lost your license in France 30 minutes ago. It was a lot of fun. Because I feel like when you do do some things for yourself, if you do one hour for yourself and then 23 hours on work, I feel like those 23 hours may be more productive, too, you know, perhaps. But I...  I loved racing around Europe. That's the one thing I can say I did purely for fun. There was no objective. There was no pertinent objective but there was no financial incentive to do it. It was racing around Europe, but I can't do that anymore. And driving in America is not fun. There's no point even having a land on here. I don't know why people even buy luxury cars here because it's just traffic, it's just straight lines. It's just highways. I have no temptation to even buy a Lamborghini here or bring the Bugatti here. It's all the waste of time. I might bring the Bugatti here and drive around Miami just to a commess and then fly it out again. Just to laugh at decals, they never got it. But driving in Europe is a completely different experience. Driving through the Alps in France is a different experience. And the way you can race around and the whole place is a racetrack. I loved driving in Europe. So I'm gonna miss that. I'm gonna miss that. So we'll have to replace driving with something else. Perhaps shooting, I don't know, shooting fun. It depends what you shoot, I guess. You can blow shit up. You can blow shit up. Let's blow some shit up. Let's do it. Blow some shit up. Maybe in Vegas. We'll do it. How about Aidan? I know you had a long relationship.  with him. You guys shits always fucking hilarious together. Are you got he's here. I know I need to go see you link up with them or not. I know. Yeah. I need to go see him. He messaged me. I need to go see him. I don't know what I don't know what Aidan's day to day life is like. What does he do? He says he hits the gym every morning. Oh, fuck. He says he's fuck off. Maybe us three should all hit a workout. He is we that would be hilarious. All right. We're gonna work out us three. Let's let's work out. There you go. Perfect content. I want to see Aidan Ross's gym transformation. I have a feeling he crawls at a bed drinks some soy latte garbage sits around scrolling on his phone before he streams gets overpaid to talk garbage and then smoke sweet all night. That's probably something close to be like a text or in between sets. Yeah. Like they got to just sit on the chest fly and then like does a set and then just like text. I'm not gonna lie. That's like stiny too. That's me though. That's you. Yeah. You're a text or in between sets. 100%. Yeah. I know it's a bad thing but I got work to do. Yeah. I just sit there and I just conquer the machine and I just kind of sit there and text but yeah. We'll see. We'll see how strong he is. I'm gonna go see Aidan. That'll be interesting. That'll be funny. I have-  to get myself back into the American way, the American culture. It is so interesting how different Americans are than most other people though. What's the main difference? You're a lot more open and friendly than most other people, which is, I guess it's a good thing. It's a good thing. Like if you sit down. I'm Canadian, so. Sorry if you're, I'm sorry. It's not a good time. I feel sorry. It's not a good time right now. Yeah, it's bad. But like if you sit down at a table with Americans, and let's say there's like three girls or three guys and whatever you sit down, you'll say hi to the guys and the girls will be like, oh hi, Reef from what you do. Everyone's just very friendly. Whereas if you sit down with a table of 10 people in Romania, you'll say hi to the guys. You'll completely ignore the women. The women won't say a word to you. And everyone's very cold and no one talks. And it's just, it's very different. America's a lot more open as a society, which is nice. Because they say Americans are dicks. No, I wouldn't say you're dicks. You can accidentally be very annoying when you're seeing in like Europe or other, you know, I'm not just... I'm American too. Loud and obnoxious. Yeah, loud obnoxious. Yeah. Or just like I'm American too, right? I grew up here, but I left when I was eight, so I was effectively raised in Europe. Or like Americans...  we'll just walk in with like baggy shorts and like a vest and a hat like into the most prestigious establishment and just wander in and just they're just different in European you can spot them off. Right. By the way, like if you go to the casino in Monte Carlo and you go to the high rollers table everyone's in a tux and then you can go to Las Vegas where they're spending the same money and they're sitting there like flip-flops and shorts and a t-shirt and they're just spending a hundred thousand a hand like they don't try. Yeah. So that's what Europeans mock Americans for like nobody puts any effort into their appearance. Yeah. It's kind of a thing. One thing I think you should do while you're here or soon is eventually Joe Rogan. Do you think that would you like to do that? Sure. That'd be a very interesting conversation. I don't think you know he was getting canceled heavily during the COVID days and but I think he's pretty safe now. He's not going to he's not going anywhere. I and I was about to say that there was conversations with me doing Joe Rogan long before because before I got arrested. He was down to have you on. Yeah. Before I got arrested I was avoiding America. Here was my  completely flawed logic. I thought, I'm way too large now. The matrix is going to try and get me. Where is the current heart of darkness? Well, it's the liberal establishment of the United States. And we know that to be true because they were sending all their money with USA to fund all this garbage all around the world. So I was saying, if I stay in Europe and Dubai and I stay out of American politics to the best of my ability, then I might be okay. So I was being invited to America all the time for these podcasts, these huge ones, not just Joe, other very large ones. And I was saying to Tristan, it's Icarus is too close to the sun. If I go and blow Joe Rogan up, we're going to jail. So I tried to avoid all these things, but it didn't work because the UK Foreign Secretary and the Secretary of State Blinken signed off on my arrest with the Remanians and they all did a big deal to get rid of me off the internet anyway. So I got wrecked anyway. So now I'm at the point while I may as well go all guns blazing. It's the same as Elon. Elon tried to be non-political until the Democrats promised to basically put him in jail and take Tesla off him and stop him launching rockets. So then he went all in on the Republicans. He knew Trump had to win or his whole life was over.  So that's the position I'm now in. I've tried to avoid politics, but I'm actually as heavily involved as a man can be. I'm Trump's number one soldier and then I'm the soldier for Vance afterwards. And then I hope Candace or I win it because otherwise America is done. I'll run for president after if I don't see anybody who I believe can win it. I'll do it myself because if these cycles get back in power, my life's over anyway. As his Trump say, we're locked his ass up and a bunch of other people, all the J six or J sixers, just to be sitting in jail. So I'm fully committed now. So that's why I was avoiding America for a long time and I was avoiding the largest podcast like Joe, but now I'm in a position where I've nothing to lose. So I would love to do Joe road break the fucking internet. Because also there's still so many things I haven't said. There's still so many things about the corruption involved with the justice system and the legal systems, not just in Romania, but in America and the UK. There is so much I know that I still haven't said because I still have to report to these people, but the day comes, a day will come when light will be shed on the absolute insanity. And this is why I want a lot of people at home to understand as well. I know this is not a particularly  political podcasts, but this is important. Whenever anyone decides to vote Democrat for any reason, let's say you have a mental illness and you want to vote Democrat, understand this, that you're being left at the mercy of not only foreign governments, because Democrats never got anybody out jail ever. You're being left at the mercy of foreign governments, but also the Democrats use foreign governments to lock up people they don't like. So they'll look at you, Kyle, and they'll go, ah, we don't really have charges on them in America. And we can't really try and make something stick here because there's law and it's going to come out that's just set up whatever, but he's going to India. He's going to India. They'll send a fucking cable, a diplomatic cable to India, get you picked up in India on some bullshit. Some police officer will pretend you had weed in your pocket when you didn't. You're not sitting in Indian jail. The Dems did it to you because they did it to me. You're voting Democrat. You're giving your government the authority to destroy your life any time you go on holiday ever because they use foreign judicial systems because then they could sit there and go, ah, the Indians are crazy. We're going to try and get him out and leave him. You got to be very careful. That's what we need to do. Yeah, that's what happened. We have to be extreme.  only careful as Americans now that the Republicans won stay truly Republican and are not infiltrated by garbage and two, they stay in power. Otherwise, it's over for basically everybody. That's extremely important that happens. But then let's tie this to other things, right? This is why I even teach the things I teach. The reason I tell men, I don't give a shit about you not being able to get pussy, you need to get out there and get strong and be motivated and get as rich as possible is because you know, there's no point having an army full of weak soy boys. They're not going to win any war. This is a war. I consider this an ideological battle. That's why I talk motivation. Why do I wake up and waste my time effectively? I have enough money I can retire right now. Why am I talking motivation all day every day to the youth of the world constantly? Because I'm trying to motivate them to be a soldier worth having. It's like when you have an army barracks and you wake them up and you make them sing the songs as they run. I'm trying to motivate all of the youth in the world today so that they can resist to slave my programming because my life depends on it. As does yours, as does theirs. Why do I teach?  people how to make money online. Why am I trying to teach people to become as rich as possible? Because broke people aren't useful in the war. No one cares about the brokeies. No one cares what the brokeies say. You have to be rich to have influence. So I sit there and say, well, if I want to have influence, surely by extension, I want every single fan of mine to have influence. Because then we're a more powerful army. So if you're a fan of mine, I will teach you how to make money. That's why I do it. That's why I have the school where I teach it. That's why I say, join the real world for $49 a month and you'll be rich. What's amazing is there are people who will not invest $49 a month in themselves to become monumentally wealthy. Well, those are the people who are no good to anybody. If I sit here and you listen to what I say and you agree with what I say and you understand I'm successful and I tell you you can do the same things and it costs less than a fucking pizza and you don't try. Well, guess what? You're not worth anything to anyone, including me. So I'm trying my very best to genuinely shift the culture. The reason I launched to schools because the educational system is one of the ways that are primarily infiltrate.  people's minds. That's where the woke mind virus is coming from. All these universities and educational systems. You tell somebody, don't go to schools full of garbage. They say, I have to go because I need to make money. No, you don't. You can make money from home for $49 a month that avoid the woke crap. There. You don't need to go uni. You don't need to go school. All of I fixed it. Doug, which is another reason they attacked me. Another reason they attacked me is because I own university.com. University.com is mine. Wow. The largest online university in the world is mine. It's not Harvard. It's mine. So I'm taking a lot of money out these woke psychos pockets, which pissed them off again because there are men who joined my school for $49 a month start to make $10,000, $20,000 a month and say, well, I don't need to go to university. I made more than my professor now. That's another reason they attacked me. I became target number one. But these things are necessary. They're extremely necessary. So to all the men out there who are watching this podcast at the end of this, I hope you take the motivational pieces and you apply them to your life. I also hope you genuinely join the school and become rich. I want all of my fans to be as strong and rich as both.  I want soldiers, I want special forces. Otherwise, we are going to lose. And I'm gonna lose first, because they drop off the king's head first. I'm the first guy they're gonna get. Not the first guy. So this is interesting. I have a vested interest in making all of my fans as rich as possible. Name someone else who wakes up and goes, okay, I have a whole bunch of fans. I need to make them rich. I have a vested interest in making my fans strong and smart and rich and capable. All of them, if you're a fan of mine, I'm on your team trying to make you better permanently all of the time. Or I don't survive. My life is the accountability measure. That's your leverage against me, my entire life. So I'm gonna wake up and try and make you rich so that I can survive. And you're gonna sit there and go, I don't know if I want to join. Well, then you're a dumbass. Then you're no good to me. It doesn't get any better than that because your university professor, their life's not on the line if you fail. They don't give a shit. No one gives a shit if you fail. The only person who gives a shit if you fail is me because I want to win. I really want to...  Everybody at home who's voting time at crowd or thinking liberally or is not trying to get rich or is not dedicated or is not Motivated to wake the fuck up and realize we're in the battle for our very existence and It's down to you to not only ensure the good guys win but to become one of the good guys And you can't be one of the good guys if you're a weakling or you're broke Where do you see like your life in three years? How does this chapter wrap up in your mind? Well, I'm gonna be slander with this garbage for the rest of my life So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna heavily lean into it because it's funny You know, so I'm gonna call myself a human trafficker at random because I enjoy that I mean you saw what the girls did at the dinner. They're like they're like what do you do? You're like I traffic? They love they died yeah women love human traffickers guys makes the job pretty easy to do fun. I mean About your I never thought I'd want a yacht Tristan convinced me we were looking at buying a yacht And I was like I don't really give a shit about yachts You can just rent them he goes no we're gonna buy one cuz we're gonna live on it So when all this garbage is over probably live on a yacht live at sea Tristan's promise  to wear an eye patch and get a parrot. So we're gonna have an eye patch and a parrot and we're gonna live somewhere in the ocean. That'll be fun until we get bored of it. Sale the world. It's an icebreaker. It can go through the ice so we're gonna go up high and down low or say all the oceans we're gonna go everywhere on our yacht. So we're gonna do that. That's a three or four years probably. I have to have more sons. I have to get that done. Raise my army. And those are my primary objectives now and then to try and make sure the Republicans win and make sure all of my fans are as rich and strong as possible and I and motivate them every single time I speak. I want the people to leave the podcast feeling energetic and feeling happy and feeling motivated with fire in their blood. My only reason I talk, the only reason I even say words anymore is to try and make the people who listen to me feel like there's some energy inside of them they can use. That's my objective because I believe best of best things I can possibly do with my time. I'm really not interested in much else besides having children and putting them all on my yacht. And if any of the mothers get fresh, well you know walk the plank. So we'll see how it goes. Well I saw your video. What was Greenland like? It was pretty sick. Yeah. It's nice for the knife.  thought it's fucking freezing cold. Obviously, but I don't know village. Yeah, I don't know if that's becoming the 51st state or whatever, but you know what I love about Trump. I really am such a fan of Trump. I love he just like, okay, Trump, you're the most powerful person in the world. Okay. Let's take you just says things. I'll take Greenland. Why? Because I want to put up a map of America with Greenland. It's like, yeah, I don't know. He's the ultimate troll is so fun. I think he's serious at the same time. Of course. I don't know if he's trolling. No, no, no, but when you troll, you only take it from me, take it from the man who annoys on the second best man in the world at pissing people off besides Trump himself. Yeah. When you troll, you have to mean it. That's what makes you a good troll. Like I say things and they're always trolling. I'm like, well, I kind of mean it too. That's what makes it funny. Yeah. Right? So yeah, troll Trump's hilarious. I when he was beefing Canada and Mexico and Greenland all at once. It's amazing. We're only 39 days into his presidency. He's done all these crazy things. Well, even if he's serious too, like even if that's not where the deal's gonna land.  Like it's like even with Canada. Like I think the Canada shit, I get a lot of flack for it too. Obviously because I'm Canadian, I support a Trump. But I think that's just a result of the Canadian leaders too. Like Trudeau and the position that they put Canada in over the last 10 years. How is it even a fucking... How is that even something Trump can say? Of course. Like we're gonna take you over. That's how bad the leadership's been in Canada. But also it's like if you're starting position as, you know, we're gonna take you over. Yeah. Like the deal's probably gonna land somewhere over here. You know what I mean? Which means a favorable deal for the US. Which is... It's smart. It's our ideal. And yeah, self accountability is the perfect way you just put it. Look at Canadian self accountability. Canadian should have got Trudeau out after COVID. They should have marked it. It shouldn't even be something Trump can say. Yeah. Like how is he able to say, we're gonna take you over. And all the Canadians who are talking like tough guys now, oh, we're a Canada, we're never gonna be the 51st state. They locked you in your fucking house, bro. And you sat down like a bitch and forced you to get vaccinated. And they took all your businesses away. And you didn't even fucking leave your house and resist your own government. You're complaining about America. You're complaining that America is gonna...  put terror on Canadian goods. You know who taxes can Canadians to most? Canada! Your own fucking government rakes you for every penny. So who the, and you sit there, pay Trudeau half your paycheck and then talk with a tough guy on YouTube. There's a lot off. There's a lot of smart Canadians like a lot of people are, are pretty, I have good hopes for Canada. I think there's a lot of smart people there. I'm hoping for a big comeback like kind of like the US. It's operating very similarly to Europe. You have a feminine leader who's basically a girl. You have unchecked immigration. You have insane taxes. You have no growth. And America's operating like a winner. And Europe and Canada is currently operating like losers. And Trudeau keeps pulling money out of his ass for Ukraine while this country falls apart because it's a dipshit. But the thing is about life. Let's take this away from politics and let's apply this to life. We can apply this to girls. We're going to apply this to politics. We can apply this to friendships. We can apply this to business. You can apply this to anything. People are going to take and get away with whatever they can. This is how the world works, right? People are going to steal from you as much as you let them steal. People are going to abuse you as much as you let them  you. So there has to be a point where you stand up as a man and say, no, enough is enough. This is how things work. If you are a giver and to all of us are givers to some degree, takers are going to take until they can't take anymore. That's how the world works. So if you're going to allow a trodo to run your government and run your country into the ground and sit there and do fuck all about it, and that's what's going to happen, there has to be a bottom line where eventually people stop complying or stop obeying. If people are going to continue to allow it to happen, it's just going to continue forever. Yeah, we got to get that guy out. But then you have to ask yourself the question. This is what's really interesting. You have to ask yourself the question about people get exactly what they deserve in this life and the strong conquer the week because the week are just too meek to protect and save themselves. Like if Canada falls along with Europe, which is going to fall, part of me is going to be heartbroken, but then part of me is going to be like, well, you had a chance and you just sat there and let it collapse. What do you want to do? Your ship is sinking. There's a hole in your ship. It's getting bigger. You're going to do anything about it. Maybe the next election or I made a tweet last week. So I'm just going to leave it on cold. Let's fuck them. You're fucked. I really  like to think that Americans wouldn't have accepted this election being rigged, which is why they didn't rig it because they knew they're like, we can't get away with it again. The Americans are not going to have it. Americans are built different. For example, 1776. I guess Americans have guns too, right? Well, it's built different. It's not about even shooting people. It's about just showing up and showing the power structures that you're not, that you understand what's going on and you're not going to comply any longer. When I look at Trudeau in charge of Canada and I watch Canadians do fucking nothing, part of me is like, well, you deserve it then. During COVID, though, is a lot, but there's a, I feel like there's just not enough people. When I watch a lot of strong, but not enough, yeah. But when I watch the Brits and Keir Starmer locks them up for tweets and the Brits do nothing, well, then you deserve it. You get what you deserve in this life. If you're going to be in an abusive relationship and you're going to sit there as to chick and your husband's going to beat the shit out of you and you're never going to leave and you know all he's ever going to do is beat the shit out of you and you're going to sit there. Guess what? You're going to get the shit beaten out of you. That's how it's going to work. I'm going to get there with an abusive government and I'll let them abuse you and you're never going to do anything.  about it. Guess what? They're gonna abuse you. That's all it's gonna be. So Canadians are getting exactly what they deserve as our Europeans, which is a shit sandwich because they have no fucking balls and they have no balls because they're scared if they tell the truth, they're gonna end up in my position. They're scared of a little bit of jail. Boohoo. I'd rather go to jail for a few months and know that I tell the fucking truth and I'm a man who's not scared of some fucking sissy boy in a suit. Then sit at home and be worried about a little bit of a jail sentence and watch my country collapse around me and live like a fucking coward forever. What's the biggest problems with Europe right now? The same as Canada. Unchecked migration, energy prices are through the roof, manufacturing is completely collapsed, crime is out control, drugs are out control, and the only thing the police seem to have time for is locking you up for telling the truth on Twitter, policing your speech. They've taken away free speech because free speech is extremely important for young people and people who are telling the truth to mobilize. Billionaires can lie, a billionaire can stand up in front of you and say he's gonna do one thing and actually secretly do another.  A billionaire can deceive. The average man can't deceive. The average man has to tell the truth so we can find the other people who understand him because our strength is in numbers. You have to say, Trudeau is a piece of shit robbing this country. You have to be able to say it freely online so you can find other people who say it so you can band together to resist because as a individual, you can do nothing. You can only operate in groups. So you can't lie. You can't tweet a lie and say, Trudeau is a good president because then you'll never find your kin. You never find the people you can mobilize with. Where's a billionaire can lie. A billionaire can stand up and go, yeah, we're not going to raise taxes. Then just simply raise them. So the average man needs free speech is extremely important. Without free speech, there's no democracy because there's no power of the people without free speech, which is why Europe and Canada, all these places got rid of it and just wreck everybody. They come at anybody who sticks their head up above the line, including me. So why Europe came for me? Juicy Vance, he called out the UK PM. And that public office meeting. And it had to be done. It had to be done because it's absolutely insane. We as a  America, we used to go to war with the communists and we used to people used to die young men on both sides used to die and Our justification for these wars were there. They're communist. They locked their people up for talking But that was our reason to go to war. Yeah, and now we're calling the Europeans our allies after Zelensky sits and disrespects our president And the next day Europe put them on a victory tour around Europe and hold them out. Ha shake his hand like he's a fucking hero These are our friends. What would you do if your friend did that your girl cheats on you and all your friends go hang out with her and tell her she's to victim Mm-hmm. Are they friends? No, no, we didn't even got we haven't even got European allies Fuck the European European Union. We haven't even got European allies anymore So I think all of them can get toast if all is Trump I would be furious you put Zelensky in his place and then he gets fucking hyped up again by all these dipshits over there So you think it's gonna all shift with Trump like allies and I do politics America is a Like are they pushing Russia and the US like closer together now? There you go now you have strong nationalistic patriarchy's  You have strong nationalistic patriarchies, which is the USA and Russia. We have a lot more in common than we do with these them centric, matriarchal garbage, woke shittles in Europe. This is the truth. We have more in common with Russia than we do with England currently. The average Russian man will understand the average American man just fine. You won't understand the average Brit who thinks it's wrong to tweet about the native people getting raped and murdered because there's unchecked migration. The average Brit will sit there and go, that's racist. Well, I guess you can't do too much free speech against Putin as well. And Russia probably, right? Of course you can. Yeah. No, you can. You can. No, you can't. Can't. Yeah. No, you can't. But this is actually interesting. So let's analyze this. Free speech. This is an interesting conversation because America believes that as free speech, it doesn't. But every single country in the world has things you cannot talk about. Every single country in the world has off topics, off limit topics in Russia is Putin. In the Middle East, it's Islam. And Turkey, it's Oregon. If you talk against them, you're going to get in a lot of trouble. Do you know what the...  American one is what speaking out against the Dems speaking out against the Jews. If you speak out against the Jews in America, you're going to get a lot of trouble. So every single country has their off limit topics. So there's no such thing as free speech anywhere. But that is different than having an ideological alignment. My point I was making between Russian America is that they are nationalistic patriarchy's truthfully in their homes, in their hearts and in their governments. Whereas Europe are none of those things. Europe are not even nationalistic. Europeans, most of them believe that they should be replaced by third worlders or that when they get killed by third worlders, it's just part and parcel of living in a big city. No big deal. Oh, we let a bunch of people in. They killed some of us. Oh, well, diversities are strength. We don't have anything in common these people anymore. So and even on top of all this, the fact they just respected Trump the way they did by parading Zalinsky around truth, truthfully genuinely offended me. I found that amazing. I don't know what Trump's thinking or worry what he's going to do about it, but I guess he  just cut all military aid, right? Yeah, he's called all military aid to Ukraine. He also needs to call all military aid and all financially to the European continent and all of them because they all betrayed him. Like I said, if you break up with your girlfriend, cause she cheated, she's in the wrong, any of your boys who are texting her is an a friend. That's a snake. You can't have people in your circle who are not 100% aligned. Anything less than 100% support is sabotage. If I had a friend who was 99% on my side, he wouldn't be my friend. You're 100% on my side in all things. Even if I'm wrong, you're on my side, you're my friend. Does Europe kind of have to support Ukraine? Cause like Trump says, the US is a middle of an ocean in it. So, but Europe doesn't. It's right there. So don't they kind of have to support Ukraine? Well, just cause Putin's gonna be inching closer and closer. Oh, inching closer and closer. Very interesting. We talk about inching closer and closer from the Putin side. Well, I know they've been doing the same thing, but... But doing the same thing. NATO has been expanding non-stop. That's all NATO done. We've gone up to Russia and started this fight. We've walked out Russia and started this fight.  has done nothing but be very calm and very, they've gone to court 12 times trying to organize it, trying to solve it in a very legal, very fair, very sensible way that restraint and the patience that Putin has shown is truly remarkable. So Putin has no interest in him. Because the one part of the deal was Ukraine can never join NATO, right? That's right. And now we're talking about it. Right. Putin has no interest in invading Europe. And everybody knows that. That's just scare mongering. One is using this as a scare mongering tactic to extract money from their tax base. They're going to sit in France and say, we need to steal all your money. Otherwise Putin's going to come. That's a fucking lie. And they know it's a lie. Putin wants to fix Ukraine. That's it. So no, the Europeans do not have to support Ukraine. The Europeans do not have to support all of this endless, mindless killing for a war that they can't possibly win. It's crazy how many people have died in that war too. It's not even being talked about. Well, like it's like what? 700,000 plus people. Europe. I think people think of the war in Iraq. Like normal people.  That was a crazy war, but I searched that up. It's like 20,000 people in 20 years. Yeah, yeah. This has been like, what, three? I know, man. It's one. 700,000. I know. That's fucking insane. Right. So this is another thing that makes me so angry. Just tying back into things we were saying earlier to move away from politics quickly, is that 700,000 young men have lost their lives in a pointless war, which everyone's going to forget once and so over that nothing even changes. It literally, truthfully, a pointless war. And you're alive and you're watching this and you're not motivated to make anything of yourself. Isn't it kind of amazing like how hebristic and how stupid humanity can be? Like if I hear the number 700,000, I don't just think of it as a statistic. I think of 700,000 individual faces, 700,000 parents, 700,000 children, 700,000 girlfriends, 700,000 graves. I think of how many people that actually is. And I thank God I'm not in that group. And it makes me feel more motivated to live life than ever before.  The second you say 700,000 people have died. I'm like, I need to make more money. I need to train harder. I need to be a better person. I need to go and spoil my children. I need to spoil my woman. I need to do more amazing things. I have to tell the truth. I need a bigger platform. I need to, I feel motivated. I need to do good things. But there are people at home who will hear that number 700,000. It will go straight over their head. It won't motivate them. It won't invigorate them. They won't feel lucky. They won't feel grateful. They won't feel blessed. They won't feel anything. You know what they'll do? They'll sit down. You know how I don't feel happy. They'll still feel sorry for themselves if they're the main character of this fucking universe. They'll still feel sorry for themselves knowing that people their own age got dragged out of a car and thrown to the fucking front line and died in a ditch. And you're still feeling sorry for yourself why could the bitch left you? Wake up. It's incredible how lucky and how blessed and how fortunate every single person listening to this podcast is. It's actually incredible. All of us, none of you have any struggles that come close to a Ukrainian trench, including me, even me with all my legal bullshit. You can put me in...  over Ukrainian trench any day of the week, any day of the week. No problem. But still people don't seem to understand it and don't seem to get up off their ass and motivate themselves to want to do something and be something and be better anymore. I don't know what's happened. The spiritual dampening that has been applied to the masculine essence is why they get away with enslaving us all in the first place. They've come along and made every man a sappy, weak, emotional pussy. They've taken away the masculine fighting spirit. Before you conquer a society, you remove its warriors. They didn't have to kill us. The Greeks and the Romans would walk into a town and kill all the military age males to make sure there was no revolt. They didn't have to kill us. They took away our masculine essence. They took away our essence so much to the point where if I tweet out, I have two girlfriends. A whole bunch of men, full grown men will sit there and go, oh my god, that's terrible. Gaze. That's terrible. You can't have sex with girls. What the fuck? Making TikToks with their fucking girlfriend. Like pussies. And crying their eyes out would she eventually cheat with me.  And when I tell you, get up and go and get rich, here's how you can do it. They don't want to join the school. They don't want to make any money. They don't want to dedicate themselves. They don't want to try. I'd love to go gym. I just need motivation. Motivation isn't real. I don't feel motivated. I just have to do it. So I do it discipline is real. Let's just say this motivation. You're never motivated at four o'clock in the fucking morning. It's cold. You're either a pussy or you're not. And we talk about 700,000 dead men. And the sad thing is most of these men are probably braver, more motivated and more capable than the dipshits watching this fucking podcast sitting around on their ass chasing bitches on Instagram who are too good for them. And they're going to sit there while all these fucking good men die telling me they're sad and not motivated and they don't know how to fucking achieve anything in their lives. Genuinely scumbag. If someone comes up to me and goes, oh, I'm not motivated. I'm sad. I'm depressed. I look at them and think you're a fucking scumbag. What the fuck you talk about depressed? You're a fucking idiot. You're an idiot. Of course she left you. I hate you. I just met you. I don't fucking like you. There are people dying in a fucking ditch, bro. It's true. You're dying.  You're trying to fuck a ditch and what do you do? You're sad about what? You can't, you ain't found the time to go to the gym. Why? You haven't worked on anything. You haven't dedicated yourself to anything. Why? Oh, just don't feel like it. Well, you're a fucking your piece of shit. It's ungrateful to the universe. It's ungrateful to God Himself to waste what He gives you. You want to talk about how you end up lucky. And I would argue that I'm a very lucky person. You know, on a long enough timeframe, I can't think of a single time I've ever lost. It may look like I'm good at lose, but in the end, I always seem to win. You're not a quitter at all. Bro, I'm not a quitter, I'm a fucking fighter. I will squirm to the last second. You may try and strangle me. I am fighting to the last second. Think about this. I spent three years locked in my house in a questionable judicial system under a full media matrix attack and beaten. Who else can combat the mainstream media, the remaining judicial system, from their house, with no money, all assets seized two weeks ago, I was locked in a room. Everyone sent us toast.  criminal cases are going to 25 years in Eastern European Google. I'm in Miami. How do you do this? How does this happen? Yeah, it takes hard work. It also takes a degree of luck. Where does the luck come from? Come from God. Who does God favor? What makes God like you? God likes you when you try there's nothing that's going to piss God off more than wasting what he fucking gives you. If you give someone a Ferrari and they look after it perfectly, you're happy. If you give someone a Ferrari and see it the next day is got cigarette boxes treated like shit. Would you be happy you gave him a Ferrari? God gave you a consciousness. He gave you a body. He gave you a mind and you're not even fucking using it. You're crying over that bitch who left you. You're not using it to be the best version of yourself. You're not using it to get as rich and powerful as possible. You're not using it to change the world. You're not using it to protect those you love. You're not using it for anything. And you expect God to make you lucky? God only has so much luck to give out. Wouldn't he give it to his soldiers who dedicate themselves and try? Wouldn't he think you know what that tape motherfucker? He's been through something and he will not quit and he.  will not stop and he's never said he doesn't deserve it. He's never bitch. He's never moaned. He's never felt sorry for himself. He's never complained. He got up every day and worked. Let's give him some luck. What about this guy? Always crying. Always has a problem. Always feel sorry for himself. Always needs motivation. Never gets anything done. Everything's everyone else's fault. Does he deserve any of the luck I have in my pocket? The answer's fucking no. You make your own luck. By dedicating yourself to the universe. I said this before I said it in a rain dancing term. Rain dancing. I said, if you need it to rain and your life depends on it. You should do a rain dance. No, do rain dances make clouds come? No. But perhaps by some strange twist of fate far in the distance another tribe will see you rain dancing and realize you need water. And they'll think, ah, he needs water. And we need something he has. And they'll bring you water. If you didn't rain dance and just sat there waiting for it to rain, the water would have never come. There's no such thing as working too hard. You be amazed.  how if you just do work, if you just do work, how amazing things happen. I said to Tristan, we were in jail. I said, there is a certain number of pushups I will complete before I get out of this cell. I don't know how many it is, but the more pushups I do and the quicker I do, I'm the quicker I'll get out here. The logic being that it doesn't matter. Let's make it simple math. I will do pushups every day and eventually I'll be released and that will be the total number of pushups I had done that got me released from jail. That's what I believed. So I said, I'm going to fall, okay, there's a certain finite number of pushups that I will complete while I am in jail. So the faster I do pushups, the more pushups I do, the sooner I'll be out. That may be a logic fail to most people. Most people will sit there and then I won't quite understand it. My mentality was, if I just do as many pushups as possible, I'll go out here quicker. Even if I didn't get out any quicker, I used my time more effectively. I came out like a fucking monster, like a beast. I had no gym, no gym equipment, nothing. I just had thousands of pushups a day every single day. And I kept my mind.  So I came out without mental damage so I could deal with the mainstream media storm. I truthfully understand why the banking cartels and why the hidden interests and shadow groups have no respect for human life. Because I will tell you as a man who was poor and I mean filthy poor complete broke 15 years ago. Now me as a successful man when I see the average man not trying I feel fucking distaste. And I remember being broke I was broke not too long ago imagine you're born into a banking dynasty and all you've ever known is wealth and power and your father all he's ever known as wealth and power. And then you see the average man sitting around talking about being depressed and sad you think you give a fuck about these people. You think they give you shit about locking you in your house during COVID or sending you to die in a fucking ditch or inflating your currency or lying to you or stealing your money via USA. You're nothing but fucking sheep to these people and I don't blame them because most of you act like such fucking dipshit you deserve exactly what you're getting. You deserve exactly what you're getting.  in Canada, you deserve Trudeau, who's a fucking moron, and you're letting him stay there. And now Trudeau is gonna go to a fucking prosecutor and tell him to raise charges on me for telling you the truth. But I don't give a fuck, because I'd rather live this way than live like you people in a fucking cloud of cowardice. I can't live that way. I feel dirty if I'm a coward. So I'm gonna say exactly what I fucking think all of the time. And I'm gonna do that to the day I die. Then it'll be 700,000 in one man dead. But at least my name will be remembered, because this is the most important thing. We're all gonna fucking die. And you can die one way or another. You the dies a number or you die as a name. 700,000 men died. And I guarantee you, if you ask the Ukrainians or the Russians who they are, they can name maybe 30 of them. The commanders, the special forces, the decorated soldiers, the rest of them, nobody's. You can die as a name that's remembered. George Washington's a name. Napoleon's a name or you could die as a number.  a fucking statistic, but you're gonna die anyway. So what are you so scared of? 700,000 men have died in that war. Absolutely disgusting, not only that it happened, but that the average American man will sit around and his ass and achieve nothing knowing that. They could have just been born in another place. The second that war started, Ukraine closed its borders to men. They weren't allowed to leave. You could have been born in another place, and it says sitting around crying over a bitch and jerking off the fucking porn hub, you begin your leg blown off in a fucking ditch. And you're not even thankful to God for that enough to try. That's the fucking tape I love right there, baby. This is great. I appreciate you coming. I don't wanna take too much of your time, but our whole crew's been supporting you. We appreciate you to support too. This is your third time on. So I think nothing but the best for you is gonna come, bro, I really believe that. And I think this is just a chapter like I told you the other night. And I think you're gonna fucking beat it all and you're gonna be on top. So I appreciate it. And let's make sure we blow things up. That was a promise to do. Let's do it, blow shit up. UFC Vegas power slap. Let's do it. Let's do it. Thank you, bro. 