 Hello friends, welcome to end of day's another video Hi friends just me today I Had a bit of work to do and I was gonna be on my computer and I thought you know what I've missed all my friends So why don't I sit with my friends while I do my work on the emergency meeting and Some of the work we have to do is that I've yet to see my own episode of take confidential The last take confidential we upload to me download it. I want to play it and watch it with my friends I'll watch through of take confidential That'll be fun. So I'm gonna do that That I thought I'd give you some of my other musings they came up with you know because people seem to find them interesting and insightful I'll tell you one of the musings I came up with this morning. I was driving in fact No, I wasn't driving. I was being driven by my private security team in my S class Mercedes and as I was driving I realized that most people Unfortunately for the world don't really believe in anything Or they have opinions on things or pretend they  believe in something, but as soon as it gets to a point where they have to actually suffer for that belief, all belief goes out the window. They'll say, I believe the sky is blue. And then you go up to them and say, I'm going to fight you because I think it's green. And they'll say, okay, it's green. Everyone has a belief. I scroll Twitter now and it's just bots and people who have these insane beliefs that they don't want to defend. They want to sit there and go, I believe this, I think this, but they don't want to put any skin in the game. A lot of the time they don't even want to have their name attached to the account. They just want to sit there and just spout these beliefs that they're not going to defend or believe in ever. So people's beliefs aren't real. What is real? Very few things on earth are actually real. And we're now in this strange paradigm where we've won the election and woke his dead, which is all great. That's fantastic. Okay, good. The right.  are no more honorable or virtuous than the left. Do the right believe in free speech? No. I can tell you from personal experience, if you say things they don't like, they want you gone. The right are no better than the left when it comes to free speech. Do the right believe in due process? No. If you're accused of something, the right will cannibalize you just the same as the left will. So we have people who pretended to believe in due process and free speech and all of these things to combat against their enemies. But truthfully, they never give a shit about any of it. They don't believe in anything. Everybody's emotional. Everybody wants to flip flop from side to side. Everybody's subjective. Everybody decides whether they believe in a certain premise. If it suits them, it's all conditional. Who are we talking about? When did it happen? How do I feel about it? Do I have to defend this opinion? All of this garbage dictates as to whether the belief.  is held or otherwise or of the belief completely one A E's and changes. So what is real? Please understand I woke up in the morning. I'm driving in my car. I'm sitting on my laptop, having my coffee, trying my best to decipher what is real inside of the matrix because I'm like, people's beliefs aren't real. Parodimes that we supposed to believe in between left and right are not real. Justice is not real. Education systems not real. The medical systems not real. What is real? What can I say is real? And this is where I think as you search for truth, you end up doing some of the most bear, the bear necessities of the masculine experience to ensure that they're real. Going to the gym is a search for truth because you can either lift that bar or you can't. That is true or false.  Your strength that you hold in your own human hand is true when you train yourself to become more capable and more deadly. That is a search for truth. Power that you feel inside of yourself is real. Money that you make, they can take it off you yes, but when you dedicate yourself to money, sure, you can call that real, you can spend it, you can take care of people you love. Those are real things, but a lot of people are dedicating themselves to ideas or following the herd because they believe that the herd wants them to believe in these ideas. And it's very difficult to get to any kind of baseline of truth. So if I woke up and I tried to have my most honest day in the world, where I'm absolutely honest, because even me, I am self-critical enough to understand that we're all hypocritical. Do I believe in due process? Yes.  If I saw a man raping a woman in the middle of the street, what I want him just to be shot in the head. Yeah. So I don't believe in due process, do I? It's all subjective. Then it's like, well, what if he was about to rape her? What does about mean? How do you draw this line? Everything becomes very difficult. So if I had to wake up and be as honest as possible, what would I be talking about? What would I be saying? But more importantly, what would I be doing in my quest for eternal truth? If I wanted to live as honestly as possible, what would I be doing? Well, I would be training, attempting to be as strong as possible. I'd be telling the people I love that I love them, because that's true. I'd be telling the people I care about that I care about them. But if you want to be an honest person or a good person, perhaps these are the most important things you can actually do with your day. This train is dedicate yourself, work hard, make money, achieve things, love those you love.  Because so much of the world is garbage. If you scroll Twitter, every single person is foolish. Every single person contradicts. Every single person picks and chooses. The right is just as bad as the left. Nobody is perfect. All the politics is a mess. It's all a mess. It's all fucked. But if you go to the gym and you lift that way, you get stronger. Isn't that beautiful? The simplicity of it? Isn't simplicity beautiful to say the world is so complicated. But if I go to the gym and I lift this way, I get stronger. Isn't that enough to give you some peace, some grounding in the chaos for you to finally find an anchor in rough seas for you to wake up and think, I'm going to dedicate myself and I'm going to train and I'm going to get stronger tomorrow because I trained today and I didn't want to train and I was tired, but I did it anyway. And now I'm stronger than I was. And that is 100% definitively true.  No subjectivity, no maybe's, no ives, no butts, it is a fact and it is a fact that I have constructed, that I have made a reality myself, like I am the constructor of the universe. I can force this outcome and forced outcomes are what you're always looking for in life. If you play chess and I'm not so good but if you do play you understand that your Calculative Ability is massively increased with forced outcomes. If I make a move and he can make three possible reply moves, it's very difficult for me to calculate into the future but if I make a move and it's check and he only has one move and then I make another move and it's check and he only has one move. I can now calculate far deeper into the future because I have forced a move from my opponent.  Forced moves allow you to plan for the future more effectively. So you should always be looking for forced moves in your life. You should be sitting here saying, okay, if I do this, if I go out and party tonight, 10 things can happen. I can get in a fight and die. I can get in a fight and win and get a good KO video that makes me famous on the internet but I catch a criminal case and I go to jail for six years. I can meet a beautiful woman and we can fall in love and have a baby. I can meet a beautiful woman who she can break my heart and waste my time. I can get drunk for no reason. I can have a great time. I can have a bad time, et cetera. There's a whole bunch of outcomes. But if you say I go to the gym and I lift those weights, what happens? I get stronger. Most likely that's what's gonna happen. I doubt you're gonna go to the gym and lift those weights and all of a sudden because you lifted those weights, you're gonna impress somebody who stares into window from the outside and they decide to buy you a car and you get a brand new car for going to the gym. That's probably not gonna happen. What is gonna happen is that you're gonna get stronger. It's a forced move.  It's a force to move and it's universal truth. And I am going to try as I optimize my life, which is a permanent and never-ending task, to not only always look for forced moves, but also to be looking for the truth of all things. And I think that's what I love so much about competition, because competition is a search for truth. Who's better? Well, there's one person here and there's a person there. Well, who's actually better? Well, I believe I'm better because of this. You believe because you're better because of this. Okay, let's set the rules. Let's set the parameters of the competition. Let's have a competition. And let's see who's true. Let's see the truth. Let's see who's better. Search for truth is a very beautiful thing. We have a $10 super chat here. I'm going to read it. Can I explain the clans inside of the real world? I think they're already explained inside of it. And the real world, 2.0 is launching. We have massive upgrades coming. In fact, some huge upgrades got launched this morning. I believe you can see it.  inside of your notification center. So if you're a member, you can see it all there. I know what's coming. I'm very, very excited about it. But for now, I'm just here to hang out with my friends. So I want to play this take confidential episodes. I've yet to watch it. And I thought it might be a cool thing to do, which we've never done before, which is watch take confidential with my narrations because a lot more happens than ever makes the episode. We cut down 10 hours of footage to 15 minutes. So I thought it'd be a interesting thing to do. So let's check it out. I've never seen this episode. It better be funny. Tristan Bernal ruined it. What we got? Let's go. I'm not forgetting coffins. I was forcing them to close the coffins shop.  So you can shut up forever. Nice. That was my idea. Yeah, so Bailey, we came down here. Where's your suit? You know what's interesting? Sorry to stop you all, we're ready. We hadn't seen Luke in two and a half years. And when we met up again, within 10 seconds, we just started bullying each other. It was, hey, hey, bin ages, yeah, how are you fine? Okay, where's your space suit, you're a baguette? It was straight back to business. That's one of the best things about masculine friendship. You know, girls have to check in with each other every 10 seconds, are they stopping friends? Or if they wear the same outfit on the same day, it's a huge drama on the group chat. You know what, man, you can just not see, you can just not see your friend for three years. I'm sure during those three years, lots of things have happened during his life. Like his kids been growing up. I think he had another one. And I say, I think, cause I don't know. This is what I mean. Who cares? Who cares? Hey, the last three years, what's been going on? Hey, what's happened? Hey, tell me everything.  I don't give a fuck. Hey, hey, how are you fine? You say fine even if you're not fine and you just move on with life and Moving on with life is picking on each other because it's funny So it's so I'm interesting to watch this clip knowing we just got reunited with Luke and we're straight back to the same old things We've always been doing Haven't skipped a beat Few more super chats. I'm gonna read here while I'm while I while it's down Send you a DM on X related to fundraiser.com give it a read sure, but if you've submitted it to fundraiser.com I'm gonna read it anyway Ryan Dawson the OG master the activities with concrete results first lifting and learning absolutely true sir absolutely true $20 for the little ones. I's going to take pledge. Thank you very much Right, let's uh What do you want to do you want to put on a rumble? I don't know  All right, they're adjusting how we play the take-off in Inter for you. Interesting. So we had students inside of the real world today. I put a blast inside the tape channel and I said give a one sentence story of what happened after you joined the real world. Let me, uh, while he sorts this out. Yeah, this is all messy. I don't like it. Must be a better solution. Obviously as Mr. Producer, I could fix it, but I'm just testing you guys to see if you deserve your paychecks. They'll make me do it because I will have to.  things. No condoms on my shisha. Are we good? All right, let's play it. Where's your suit? How do I hear it? Where's your suit? Interesting. Anything just because I got my suit. The problems are never ending and various. Where's your suit? The problems are complicated and various and never ending. Much like life. How are you Jack? When's the last time you ever woke up and didn't have problems? Because I can't think of a fucking day. Don't like my t-shirt. It was always something to fix. It was really hot and my girl had it. This take-off and a show watch along. It's not going the way I wanted to go. You know what? Fuck it. Fuck it. Not allowed anymore. For the next take-off and a show episode I want to do an exclusive watch along with my friends. So the people who work for me who are paid thousands better fucking work it out. Because for the next take-off and a show I want to watch with my friends. And if we can't, there will be a-  rebellion led by me and my army of chatters inside of the emergency meeting are going to ensure the destruction of all of the incompetent parties which have failed us. Let's scroll to it. That's fun. Let's talk about Twitter. Let's see what people are talking about. This is what I mean. It's all just slop. You know, fuck it. We say more things.  We were talking about truth. So let's talk about the post truth world. We were in the post truth world with the mainstream media. That has been dented. I wouldn't say it's been destroyed, but the matrix has certainly been cracked. Let's move on into this AI garbage. I said to Tristan this morning, our influencers even going to exist, you do understand within three to five years. We're not going to be able to tell the difference at all, right? How does that affect society for a pretty girl who makes her money on Instagram with pictures of herself? Surely it's damaging. How do you prove you're real anymore? I mean, yes, surely men are going to want to talk to real girls, but only if they meet them. If they don't get to actually meet the girl, if they just look at her pictures and talk to her online, then it can be completely automated, fully automated, fully AI machine. What about streamers? I mean, I'm Andrew Tate, perhaps I have a name, but is the average streaming experience going to be a complete AI?  algorithm? What are we going to be able to do to decide for truth from falsehood coming in the few short years? I'm genuinely curious. This whole quest for truth as a whole I think is a very interesting subject and how it's all going to play out, especially online and how we find the truth in our own lives. I don't trust any of the messages I get anymore. I don't trust voice notes. I think they're AI. I don't trust screenshots. I think they're AI. I don't trust anything. So it's like, well, how do I know what's true and what isn't? I mean, I can trust my own eyes. I like to think as long as there's no online. If I escape the internet, escape the slop, escape the endless parade of garbage and I walk around like  the man in the old Kung Fu series where he walks around and gets an adventures and uses his Kung Fu to destroy his enemies. If I do that, if I just march around earth with lethal capability, perhaps I can discover things that I believe to be true with my own senses. Do you understand what I'm saying? I did this during COVID. Everyone says, Andrew, how do you know COVID was the lie on day one? I looked outside. The news says, don't trust it. Let me go have a look. I'm one of those guys. I'm old fashioned. You remember your dad used to say that? Go have a look. You'd say, is it raining? The weather says it's raining. Let me go out. Let me go have a look. A good old fashioned look. I'm a looker. I went outside, drove around in my car, saw people walking up and down. I looked around and thought, I don't see any germs.  Some people would call me crazy for that, but who was right? I'm a looker. You know? Every single thing you see on the internet is soon to be bullshit. I don't believe these signal chat leaks, to be honest. I don't believe it. Are they real? Maybe. Can they be proven real beyond reasonable doubt? No. So, what are we doing here? Working off over pixels on a screen. They are going to get you to give up your human energy and your time and your calories. Concerned with pixels on a screen which could be completely generated from an AI machine deliberately to siong up you. And it's a scary world because how do you now function on this earth? Doing that basically everything to a degree can be manipulated and in three to five years you're not going to be able to tell of a person your...  to on the internet is even real. Is that even a real person? So it's almost like we're going to be going back in time. There was a point in human history where you had to go to the private members clubs in certain cities around the world to ensure that you met the important people and then all of that changed. And they said, you don't have to be in the private members club in New York because you can meet important people on the internet. And that was the more effective way to meet influential individuals for a while. But I have a feeling when to revert back to the real world where the only way you can know if a person is the person that they say that they are is if you sit with them across a dinner table on planet earth and visualize them with your eyeballs. All of this meeting girls online is going to get wrecked. All of this look at this cute fluffy  The cat online is going to get wrecked. All of these things are going to vanish. I'm going to go back to the real world and people are going to be real world maxing. Perhaps things are going to go full circle. I don't know. I'm just talking now. It once you decipher or once you decide that you can no longer decipher the truth from the fiction on the internet, doesn't the internet lose a lot of its appeal? Isn't the appeal of a cat video? The fact that it's a cat doing something unusual? You see a cat and it's playing with a ball. You're like, oh look, the cat is juggling. But once AI can make a video that makes it look like a cat is juggling and you can't tell this really or cat or not, that video is no longer endearing or interesting. It's the same with a pretty girl. You see a pretty girl like, wow, she's hot. Once AI makes every girl hot. So it only matters if you see these things in real life now. Perhaps you're going to go back to real life maxing. And if we're going back to real life maxing, you need real life capabilities. Like a straw.  body like a the ability to speak and communicate like a temperament that allows you to respectfully disagree with people who lie to you like money. Perhaps in 30 years from now the internet will actually be suffering from the fact that nobody trusts it enough to do the important functions it previously did. But then how do we get our news once they can AI up a whole imagine they had AI during COVID. Think how they lied to us during COVID imagine they could chat GPT and AI image generate and video generate imagine what governments would have had us doing if they could have completely manufactured the evidence for their manufactured pandemic because this is what governments are thinking about. They're thinking okay well we're trying to change people's views on objective reality.  The problem is they use their eyes to see something counter to what we say. So why don't we use AI to generate the evidence for what we say and then try and convince people to not go outside and not leave their house and stay in their house and scroll the internet all day so they believe what we show them. One of the only ways left, I would argue before we find a solution to this conundrum in the following years to knowing if anything is true or not, is to have a look yourself or listen to the eyewitness account of somebody you trust. That's the best thing about having people you trust. I'll give you an example. I've never been to Columbia. Everyone says Columbia is great. Tristan's been to Columbia. Am I Tristan? Do I need to go Columbia? No, shit. Done. Now I've seen Columbia. My brother who I trust with all of my heart has looked with his own eyes. He didn't look at an Instagram page of a hot Colombian girl. He didn't look at a clever TikTok reel of a Colombian influencer. He didn't look at any AI. He didn't read chat.  That GPT saying is the best place to go on holiday. He went there with his own eyes and looked around and came back and told me it was a fucking dump so now I don't need to go. Great. So amplifying your brotherhood and finding more men you trust. Perhaps is one of the only ways for you to increase your scope beyond the two eyes that are stuck inside of your skull in the coming years. I do believe humanity and all of our genius will find a solution for these problems. But I do think there will be a difficult period in between now and that solution where we lose all grasp on everything on the internet, whether it's true or not. In fact, I now task students of the real world. I want to test something. Put this in the AI campus. I'm now going to say a sentence and I want you guys to edit the video. Edit my mouth. Use an AI voice changer and try and make me...  say something else. I'm going to say something and you're going to try and make me say the opposite. I want to test this and I want to watch the video and remember we're getting exponentially more capable than we previously were. So let's task this to the real world students. My name is Andrew Tate and I believe that the sky is blue and I believe in gravity. Right. So I want you to take that clip and change it to me saying I believe the sky is not blue and I do not believe in gravity. I want you to completely want AE in verse my beliefs and in verse my views and I want to see that video. Whoever does it most effectively gets a bonus. We'll give you some cash and we'll give you some power level points inside of the real world. And I'm sure it'll be 80% good and you'll look at it and go I can tell that say I for now.  For now. So what's going to happen when people sit on the internet or sit on video or sit on the news and say, yes, and they change it for no. How is the world going to function? What is your plan to deal with this conundrum besides viewing it with your own eyes or having brothers you trust who have viewed it with their own eyes? I think this is going to be something we have to deal with within our lifetime. I think this is a very real problem. Hi, Andrew. I'm a 17 year old student of the real world from Australia. I've made over 10k USD since joining. Are you planning to come to Australia as part of your world tour? Yes. I'm very excited to come to Australia. I fact I cannot wait. I'm 100% coming to Australia. Congratulations on the 10 grand, sir. I hope you gave us a one sentence story on your success inside of the real world. Wait a second. My genius.  My genius is just my wait a second my genius guys guys my genius my genius stop guys listen my genius it just came to me how do we fix the upcoming conundrum of a post-truth world where the matrix will construct completely false narratives and completely false paradigms under which they expect you to exist as a slave you fix it with the real world so what I need to do now at the end of this emergency meeting is call all the real world  professors and start having a conversation about how we can get a vetted, trusted source of information directly from the eyes, minds and networks of all 180,000 real world students create that information and have like a Twitter feed inside of the app of verified truths. Those that are not AI and not doctor from trusted sources, I personally vet. Perhaps the real world can become more than just learning how to make money online. Perhaps it can actually be a place online where you would escape the lies of online, the real world, like the internet of 2010 before everything became fucked and gay. There's something here. It's providence. It's like forums. It's providence. Even the name, the real world perfectly lends itself to this time.  So the real world is expanding in many different ways with 2.0. We're going to add some very well-known UFC fighters and have a UFC campus. So not only do you have the fitness campus, you also learn how to fight MMA from UFC fighters, as well as learn how to make money for $50. We're now going to add a portal of objective truths. And I'm going to talk to my team and my experts in AI to find ways to counter the AI machine. How we can construct a portal of truths. If the real world existed during COVID, I would have had even more faith that it wasn't real. Because I would have had 200,000 people looking out their windows saying, yeah, you're right. I don't see any illness either. Everything's fine. That itself, the fact that it is my platform and that there are no bots and that I know everyone who types is a real person. And I know who they are. That is...  is the best possible gateway I have to deciphering objective truth from lies and disinformation and manipulate in matrix propaganda in the coming years. So I need to prepare the platforms that all of the students can also find objective truths easily in real time. Put a one in the chat if I'm making sense, it seems a good idea. Because it came to me now and I was thinking where am I going to see the real world? I think this has to be it. The real world will be in the real world. I would argue it will take AI professionals to decipher if a video is AI or if a video is genuine. It's going to take AI professionals. The problem is the mainstream media, AI professionals will lie. But mine won't. So I can also put a task force together where we...  analyze videos that come in and decipher if it's AI or not and you can trust the source because it's tape. My team fact checking from tape, tape check. This video has been tape checked inside the real world that's not AI. If you can't trust me, who the fuck can you trust? I'm the last guy to lie to you. You can't trust the BBC, you can't trust the MSM, you can't trust the MSM, you can't trust any of the political parties, you can't trust anything. The last guy you have left is me. So if I build my platform to offer objective reality considering the platform itself has always been built on the brutal truths of life, on getting as strong as possible, on becoming as rich as possible, on understanding gender dynamics, on understanding the dynamics of the high level networking and friendships, on understanding the truth of the real world, my brand has always been built on truth.  Then the real world needs to morph into not only a solution for attributing yourself with all of the real world attributes required to be monumentally successful like the ability to fight, like physical strength and like finance and like network, but also allowing you to view the world and see with a fair and level head the actual playing field. Imagine this. Imagine the tactical advantage you will have over the normy when they are consuming the slop from the internet, from mainstream media, from Twitter, where half of it is completely generated by machines and lies and you only consume the actual truth. Imagine the competitive advantage. Imagine you see a video on Twitter that tells you something about a cryptocurrency coin going up or down or about to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  change whatever. And then you check inside of the portal of truth and see it's a lie. Now, that lie will soon be discovered, but nobody else knows yet. You can short that coin. You can now make money. You will have a competitive advantage because you will have real data points and guaranteed sovereign information. This is my next project to prepare for the oncoming onslaught. And this is why I like to talk to my friends. This is the whole point of talking to your friends. The whole point of talking to your friends is that you come up with fantastic ideas. I don't know what you do with your friends. Maybe you just sit there and talk shit and nothing good comes of it. I sit there and talk shit. We all make fun of each other and then a fantastic idea comes up and then we all work hard and we make the idea come true. That's why I like talking to my friends. All of you watching this were part of this. Let's put the notifications back on. I don't like to return them off. I want them all the whole time.  Put them on. I like talking to my friends and coming up with these fantastic ideas. So we're going to build a portal of truth inside the real world. We're going to launch the UFC campus inside of the real world and we have the real world 2.0 coming. We have credit coming. We have banking facilities. We have the job board coming. We have fantastic things coming. And I'm now very happy that I, Andrew Tate, I'm going to construct my very own ministry of truth. Also another thing that's important is I think inside of this ministry of truth, any ideas you guys have super chat, I'm going to start reading the super chats, any ideas you have for the ministry of truth, please super chat me. I'm thinking we should be able to create it between entertainment and objective facts. So you can decide if you want to be entertained or you can decide if you want to learn things with one click because Twitter is often scrolling through a bunch of trash to find something that's actually informative. I want to get rid of that.  I want to be able to click the information tab and find out facts, bam, bam, bullet points, facts, facts, facts, facts, facts, facts, news of the day, facts, facts, facts, facts, videos of the day, confirmed real, confirmed real, confirmed real, confirmed real, confirmed real. The biggest siops of the day, click siops, confirmed AI siop, confirmed AI siop, confirmed lie, and then perhaps an entertainment tab where you can see a fucking cat play with a ball. This is how I want to build it. So there's five different sections and you just click and everything's listed and it's updated every 24 hours. And then I can get off Twitter myself. I can fuck off Twitter and I can fuck off MSM and I can just go into the real world and get all of my information because that's why we all have Twitter. It's not just to troll. It's to see what's happening in the world because the rest of the world moves to slow. MSM moves to slow. Twitter happens in real time.  Tate, truthful analysis with tangible evidence. Tate, with all the different sections. This is going to come true. Guys, I want to read out a few of these because I asked the students inside of the real world to give me a one sentence story. I've never read these. I haven't read them yet. I don't know what they say. But I just want to read them out. Sorry, there's a thing here. I have a PhD of AI in university and AI campus in the real world. I'll join the fact that there's two. Oh, don't worry. Everyone is going to be inside of the real world. We're going to be recruiting directly from the students. Everybody. Make sure I didn't miss any super chats here. One second, guys. $69 super chat. Great idea, Andrew. I've also provided the ultimate truth of my hackathon submission. Amazing. If it has everything you'll ever want for the real world, that will impact and more. Perfect.  Daddy has not been forgotten, crypto has not been forgotten. There's a time and a place for all things. One more super chat. Hi Tay, I was getting picked on at work. I punched a guy who was doing the picking on and set up my own business, valeting, now making three times what I was. Well that's good, I hope you don't catch an assault charge. That's good. Hi, it's me Boo, Smettie Boo from the gym today. I sent you a request on the real world. Perfect. Okay, I'm glad you're inside. So let me read these one sentence things, but now I'm excited about my take truth terminal. So I want to go get to work because when I have an idea, it becomes true instantly. One one sentence stories. Master Neo, these are the names, there are student names. I joined, quit my nine to five and traveling the world with my wife and three kids making 12 grand a month. That's a perfect life. That's as good as life gets. You got your wife, you got your kids, you're traveling the world and making 12 grand a month. Fantastic, congratulations to you.  When I joined the real world, I opened my mind to do so many opportunities to make a money that I was genuinely astonished. Yeah, annoyed. I didn't think of them myself. Good. Because that annoyance is going to be the unlimited fuel you need to get the job done. So fantastic. I learned more than a month than in 10 years of school from the watch guy. Trust me. I know exactly what big of a waste of time traditional education is. Glad to have you inside, sir. And very happy that you're winning. That breaker from depression and dead end, shit place to discovering who I am, winning in every aspect of life and now sitting on 70 grand in gains in my bank account. Plus so much more that I cannot fit into one sentence. Fantastic work, sir. Jimmy on guard, the real world has changed my mind to set my mindset to aspire and changing my mother's life and my own is connected with some of the best people I've ever known in the world. Fantastic. Guys, I think I have to go. I have to do this take turn.  I have to do this take truth. I want to put it all together. I know this is a short emergency meeting. Thank you very much for joining me. I wanted to talk out loud to all of you because today was a work day and I just wanted to speak what's on my mind about truth and we came to a solution and that's the end goal. The end goal of all things is to have a conversation, to identify the problems, to sit there and discuss them with people you trust and then at the end of it try and come up with a solution for those problems. If you do that you will win. If you sit there with your friends and say here's a problem I have, I am fat. Here's the solutions which could possibly exist. I go on a diet and go to the gym and then your friends motivate you to then complete said solution. You're not going to be fat anymore. So you should sit with your friends and not complain, not bitch. Be very action orientated, actionable. Here's the problem. I want to fix it. How would you fix it? How could I fix it? Who do we know who could fix it? Okay, here's a plan. Let's go. So the plan is that for sure across the coming years the idea of truth is going to be completely evaporated, decimated.  That's it created. Castrated, crucified. Truth is gone. But I am going to be a portal for the so I exist is the real world. You can't see any take content. You can't access me. I'm not outside anymore. I'm inside of the real world. I fully escape the matrix. I've been going out into the matrix trying to find people and pluck them and save them and bring them into the platform for so long. But a time will come where I am done entering the matrix and I will just stay inside the real world. So I'll get my information. It's where my friends are. And I'm going to stay there. Escape. Perhaps that's how I finally truthfully escape the matrix. Because I've already escaped, but I keep going back to save you. But a day will come when I retire. And I will.  have my objective truths. I will have my friends and I will have all of my capabilities inside of the real world. Guys, thank you very much for coming. Super, super happy, super excited about this idea. I hope that you're gonna join me and be part of it. We're gonna put this together. Every single student of the real world don't worry gonna get notifications. You're all gonna have a chance to work towards it, work on it. I'm gonna start talking to the professors now and that you're gonna call them right away. Thanks for joining on this impromptu emergency meeting. Please subscribe to the Rumble channel so you can always get a notification when we go live. Download the app and subscribe. You'll get a notification every time we go live. I'm gonna be doing a lot of these in promptu. I might do another one randomly as well. And for those of you who are not inside the real world, we're waiting for you.  The most exclusive clubs. The freedom to wake up one day and you buy an end-to-night in Beverly Hills. This life is built, earned. One, for most people, they just watch. They watch from the cheap seats while the real players take cage-side. They walk past luxury hotels while others check in and felt people twice. They scroll past stacks of cash, diamond watches, and first-class flights. Wondering why it's never them. Because they never start. This is where you start. Inside the real world, you'll learn exactly how to build wealth from the ground up. 18 proven ways to make money online. From e-commerce and investing to AI automation and content creation. The direct access to millionaire mentors that guide you daily. No theory, just real strategies at work. A global community of winners. So you're never figuring it out alone. Live calls, direct feedback.  Step by step lessons, everything designed to get you earning fast. Most people will sit and watch. You don't have to be most people. For less than $50, you gain access to the tools, knowledge, and connections that turn effort into full hard cash. Going to rule out today, it's start making money now. So friends, that's it. Or you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video. And we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew. And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see a video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Andrew. So if you want to see the video you have...  veitagetak to see like this and that's the way only way. So, I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos. And I promise I will come with the videos regularly. So, that's it. See you again. Goodbye.