 What's up guys we're alive we're gonna press your podcast after our position with Andrew Tate and a full panel please let's get into a man go Listen if you want to get out if you want to leave you're more than welcome I have to stop with the question you didn't That's serious go put your shoes on outside you don't got to put them on in here  I'll maintain the vast coolest intro and show. It's bad boy. It's like it's old school, but it's bad. It's bad. Trying to keep it Miami, you know what I'm saying? So quick and awesome guys. Patreon.com slash freshman. You guys want to see all the behind the scenes concepts, including me kicking out Selena Powell. Well, not really her, but her knowing as friend. Yeah. The shoes the worst. Check. Yeah, she was the worst. I ain't going to say her name. I think her first name was stupid and then last name, Bimbo. Yeah, stupid Bimbo. Something like that. Yeah. So check us out over there guys on patreon.com. Also, we talk about cryptocurrency, making money, starting a business, real estate investing. As you guys know, I'm a real estate investor myself. So it's fresh. So check us out over there as well as, you know, how to get chicks as well. We help you with that. Also, guys, let's see here Spotify. Spotify. We're on Google Spotify and Apple podcasts. Every single platform you guys list podcasts. We are there. Just make sure you wear headphones, especially the last podcast we just did with Andrew. Definitely not political. Oh, yes. Okay. Talk to us by the way.  man. We touch we love you. Everything we talked about Pimpin hose, depression, ain't real. We talked about everything. You know, what, why you can't be a loser as a man. It's one of your own. You're a bond beyond. So check us out over there, guys. And we also talked extensively about the War Room and Houses University. Why you got to get money? Links are below by the way for that. You need money, bro. Also, guys, do where I'm fresh your podcast or calm, get the merch, right? Tees, shirts, hoodies, et cetera. Also vlog channel fresh. You want to talk about it real quick? We're behind the scenes, man. We're out living life on the yachts with the tats. Yeah, lit. Check it out, man. I just play with the song and the check out channel. And then also guys, we got another YouTube channel. It's fresh and fit clips. Check us out over there. If you don't got time to watch the two to three hour full podcast, go ahead and check us out on the clip channel because we have everything there. You know, nice and short and sweet for you. Just make sure you wear headphones because you'll get in trouble. Make it fired. And then Chris also has a switch. Got one on Twitch on Aaron Pox and I released my first merch, merch gaining house. So guys tune in following me on Twitch. I will do a post show with the ladies and Andrew Tate. Let's get it.  or it's going to yell here. Go support Chris, man. All right, cool. And then also guys, ladies, I want to come on show. Just DM. Yeah, go ahead. Yes, DM me, Aaron C. Parks and make sure if you fly out from any other state to Miami, bring a man with you. No, we want to ask you. No, so we are here. Cool. No. And then fresh with podcasts on Instagram, fresh and fit podcasts on Instagram. Guys, check us out over there. And then TikTok is fresh and fit on TT. They'll see how long we're there for. Yeah, we'll see if we don't get banned this time as well for the seventh, right time. So I can be. And then, yeah, man, check us out on Instagram, man. Unpluck fit for me and then freshmen CEO. Check us out there on Instagram. And yeah, and then as far as the ladies, fresh with podcasts, girls, and we'll support their IGs and description. But I guess let's introduce ladies. Ladies, give us your name, your age. We do for living and your current dating status. Anybody count if you want. And body count. There you go. Oh, you're going in for a walk. It's not a flat fresh. That's me since all the time. Again. We'll start right here. What's up right here? My name is Rain Jasmine. I am 21. And I'm saying.  What do you do for? I'm an entrepreneur. Cool. Wait. What is that mean? What does that mean? I own a haircare line. Awesome. Shout out to you. Okay. So, clarify there. You never know. Hey, all my name is Cloudy. What's two eyes? You can follow me on Instagram and ask about Cloudy. What's two eyes? I'm inspiring model. I'm entrepreneur. Real estate. So, check about traits, I guess. I encourage the excited us. Oh, single. And I'm 20. Cool. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, I'm Leedy Rivera. And I am a, I work in the film industry and I'm 24 years old. Cool. And I am single. Welcome. Wait, film as in what? Porsar or piece are. I do acting and modeling in the film industry. Is it going to be the worst thing possible? Hey, so it's rocky again. Of course, you can find me on Instagram. It's just rocky. I have a skincare line, beard care line and my fitness coach. So.  Yeah, and I'm married. Cool. Welcome back. Hi, I'm Liv. I'm 21. I own a cosmetics line. And I also do modeling and I'm single. Wait, the last time you have boyfriend? No, you said the last time too. I was single last time. But the first time I was out of boyfriend. Why do I want to happen to it? Well, yeah, why is it gone? Um, he assumed I was cheating on him, but I wasn't. But he assumed he assumed your cheating. But he wasn't so, but you weren't so you dumped him. No, he don't mean what? Well, because he was assuming it, but I wasn't. But he believed it so much. Do you know what I think really happened? I think he was just making up bullshakes. He wanted to excuse the bail. That's what I don't. I don't think I don't. No, no, no, disrespectful way to you. I'm not expecting you. I'm saying that I if he accused you without proof, well, there was some. It was like messages, but it was like when we were just talking. Also now you were cheating. No, no, no, no. There wasn't. See, it was barely like that. It was like near applying to someone.  It wasn't even like it wasn't like that Listen if you're my woman you don't you don't reply if you're my woman you don't reply to nobody back What you go talk to them for you What are they gonna talk to you about All the lie. Oh, we were just sitting in shit chat about my tits But didn't you wait hold on hold on wasn't like a guy that you were like friend zone for a bit that you guys if I recall correctly The guy that you were talking to that he assumed that you were cheating on wasn't he like a guy that was in a friend zone? Wasn't someone you hooked up with before No, yeah, there was more to this story bro because I remember it. Yeah, look at the cab right now Yeah, I'll give it away. Yeah, cuz it was a dude. I remember now because she came the first time Okay, so I don't remember faces, but I remember stories Yeah, first time he came had a boyfriend second time. Oh, I don't have many more why not oh he thought I was cheating on him really oh Yeah, let's talk about the guy  I hope that with it before that's what it was My right or my right wait you said I was talking to a guy who that you had that you had relations with before And that's why he thought you assumed that see he assumed that but it wasn't like that baby. Here's the answer It was some dude that she knew romance. Just don't just don't talk to anybody What do you just do it that way fixes it right you get a man? You don't talk to anybody. Oh, God No, but the thing is I was I was bear I was talking to somebody not like that though It was like literally like a little bit of messages like nothing and it was before we started dating It was when we were like through like the beginning stages the first month of meeting, you know You know, does that town is cheating the talking stage She's asteroid The top What about you? I'm Jade and I'm in entertainment and I am also single What kind of entertainment I do social  I do podcasting I do Things about nature podcast and what do you talk about podcast about what? About free game For who men are men both Okay, interesting all right, we'll put it to test later and see actually has game for guys all right I've always said that women are not capable of giving you good dating advice as a man, but we'll see you know We will we will we shall see Soggy me Soggy we could play the game. We could play the roles of course reverse game to see if she really has oh Yeah, yeah, oh, it's confident. Okay Okay, hi, I'm Jay and And Instagram you could find me at Barbie Jay with two A's I'm a model and I'm a nurse and I'm single Cool welcome, all right I'm Bruno. I am a mega-partisan A statistician and I'm also in hair school. I do music as well  I'm 22 and I'm taken. Cool. Okay. That's been all these. Hey guys, my name is Shay owner of juice, Fanonix Miami. I made co-pressed juices. I'm ill prep for people. I model and pretty much I'm 25 years old and I'm single. Okay, I'm everyone's a model. I'm all right. Yeah. Okay. We're mining. Yeah. All right. I'll read the chats real quick and then we'll get into the first question. All right. Congrats. I'm Patrick K from Moam Result. Thank you so much. Five bucks. Uh, Greece junkies DIY do it yourself. Five bucks left asteroid reign on in us. Please. Okay. Find your K fresh time to cream one foot. Oh, yeah. I mean, the comments are from the kid Elijah ticked one foot. All the way from Australia. 50 bucks. Happy birthday to legend. We got you bro. Don't know. I'm talking about some of our relations. The 500 K haters are really going to hate now facts. What are coming? Five bucks, Francis and and a gaff pack. Okay. Any news on skivvy the 40 year old version. No, no, man. I'll do them again and see what happens. Black wolf ink 10 hours. I had a depression. A few I had a  a few years ago and was ready to delete myself. Now I'm working my highest paying job and I'm soon to be going back to school for my bachelor's, city boys, we up, baby. Up, down to over 9,000, we got you. It's over 9,000. And then your culprit goes, yo, Captain already. And then we got Jay win. I really wasn't too sure about Andrew at first, but he has gained my forespec. Love the podcast and congrats on the 500K. Guys, Andrew's the real deal, bro. Real jean, real jean man. Yeah, man. Beast mode 40205, whenever you get back, Michaela Peterson on try to bring Andrew back. It'd be interesting as a month. I'm going to see them interact. Cheers to 5K. OK, yo, corporate five bucks. Let's react to one of her podcast videos. I bet you don't know what the fuck she talking about. You got a response for that? I do know what the fuck I'm talking about. OK. OK. And I'm congrats on the 500K, fellas. Thank you so much. And then Kendra Alcorn, 500K, baby on to the neck. Thank you, brother. 50 bucks. And Andrew, you want to introduce yourself to the people? Exactly. Love them at least. I'm Andrew Tay. I'm a model. Only pants.  I'm the only band. Andrew Tate, four time kickbox and world champion. Retired now, man of God, priest, spend all my time in church. Never go to the club. No girlfriend, of course, you know. Spend my time praying. You know me. You guys know me. You just show me. Show me. Show me. I'm as innocent as they come. Okay, no comment. Why does the one laugh? And nobody believes me. Nobody believes me. Oh, man. That was great. All right. I'll hit one more. Oh, one more. JTD Trini. Okay. JTD Trini. Oh, congratulations. I'm a 500K F&F gang. Let's get it. Thank you so much for always. Appreciate that man. 100 bucks. And then Adrian Chase, hey, my quick question. Did you ever file any charges to that fachic that's been on you? You should definitely should if you have it. Oh, Lord. I don't know, man. I mean, I probably got infected with the hovid, you know, but it is what it is, man. But you know what? That's actually an interesting case study because that shows that men as a whole are more honorable than women.  because she spat at Myron and in the COVID hero, that's a serious assault, right? Yeah, that's right. And Myron could cause her a lot of problems, but he's just like, you know, even though she was aggressive, I was here on the podcast. She was aggressive to him. She was really, she deserved to get kicked out. She spat on him and he's just like, whatever. And if it's the other way around, a chick could be taken your ass to the cleaners. Bags. Should be trying to rinse you to the end of the game. So most men are just like, oh, whatever, just leave it. The chick's a like seven years ago. It takes me rude. Yeah. I'm gonna take his money. Yeah, that's better bro. Different vengeance. And you know what, Andrew, you know what, what makes me say, while I was like, you know what, my thing was she's a hoe anywhere, her life sucks. Oh. Oh, I'm serious bro. That is, that is send yourself up for long term failure man, when you're a hoe. You're gonna live a very sad life man. We'll talk. It's short term happiness. But it's a bite. We'll talk, and we'll talk about that later on. But all right, what's the first question man? So, today's topic is gonna be, what Maryly want versus what, what Maryly want? We're going to table the first question.  and asking the question, what do you want from a man? I will start right here. I will cover money, looks, height, all of that. And, Chad, from Aaron not 20 bucks. What do you want in a man? Honestly, I'm five to. Into the mic. I'm sorry. Honestly, I am five to, I need my man to be at least like five, nine and up. What can I say? I need a man that actually understands me and understands what I'm trying to do as far as like with my career. Honestly, let me see what else, what else, what else. A guy that's going to communicate with me. Yeah. Is it? All right. So he can be broke. No, I'm broke. I need him to have some type of money. Give us a, give us like the tangibles. What has to be there? He has to have a good head on his shoulders. He has to have.  money coming I'm sorry he has to have a good head on shoulders he has to have money coming in he has to respect me yeah cool um i would say ambition um companionship just like a friend really but not a friend like i'm not really crazy about the whole money situation it's just it is what it is unless you're trying as long as you're trying but like yep so the man you chose the ever right now does he have all those traits yep cool all right shout out to you okay um i want a man that obviously got ambition or whatever treat me good loyal knows how to communicate that's like in all caps knows how to communicate and um when sorry to interrupt because all i'll here we go fucking not just start the show  I'm sorry ladies. You haven't got a drink yet. Get one. All three of you said communicate. I'm actually genuinely asking. When you say communicate, do you mean like sit down and explain to you why you're wrong? Or do you want a man who just agrees with everything you say? And then you think it's what you know. You like that? Of course. Tell me my mom. Yeah. Good. That's what I'm asking, because I think most sometimes girls say I need a man to communicate. And if he doesn't agree to her bullshit, then he's not communicating. No, he's communicating. He's communicating, but you're not listening. Communicate and say, do you want to be in a relationship? Do you want to be a fuck buddy? What the fuck do you want? Like simple. Like, people are. But that's what I remember. Like, with understanding, you need comprehension, because you communicate all day of the person that understands the answer on the same page. That's the only way to actually talk. You could talk all day of the person's understanding it and communication. It's like out the window. Sorry. Well, let's be honest. If a guy told you, hey, I'm just trying to fuck. Would you, like, you wouldn't want to hear that? But honestly, it's honest. I would respect that more.  But you got the night You know, you know what One people to the time when you got one mic at a time. I mean she was one that said it. I mean honesty I mean if I don't want to fuck I don't want to fuck But if I want to fuck I'm a fuck Yeah, but the point is it when you first meet a guy you're not gonna let that happen You're gonna if a guy tells you hey listen, I just want to fuck you're gonna be like ill and you're gonna walk away No, I'm not gonna be like you I'm gonna be like I'm no first of all you disrespectful Cuz don't come to me like that and second of all like I mean, I don't know you just said you want honesty and Communication he's telling you what it wants. I mean yeah, but I don't got to agree with him I mean I don't got to want to fuck him because he want to fuck so then why would a guy tell you to try In front so then there's no manipulation. There's no Never know though until you ask why he's axon Okay, it's why has a lie What about you  I want to be supported mentally, emotionally, spiritually, not mad at financially. That's a big plus. But the other ones are like foundational. So he doesn't have to have money. No, he does. So what money be considered foundational as well, then? I guess in a trade, but I'm talking about what I want, what I want from him personally. So you could have money. That doesn't mean that you're necessarily giving me any of it. But you could still give me game. You could still support me mentally, emotionally, in my business. You could still put me on tips and for me. But if he has a spirit, how's he going to get me a spirit though? I mean, he's not giving me his spirit. He can support me spiritually in my development as a woman. Okay. Don't play with her. She's mad already. I'm like, I'm like, okay. Okay, okay. I always laugh. She's not mad. She's not mad.  I don't matter. Spur call. And you're bad. Go cool, let's go. $11, show it to your brother. I'm not a judge. Fun the most. Ah! Don't do more, go. I don't even know how I would support a woman spiritually, but I don't. So it's not, you know, a tax alarm mark? Not for you. Come on. I know how. Oh. I know. Take your soul. I know how. The girls know how. The girls know how you support a woman spiritually. I don't want to say anything. What time is it? Are the children asleep on the bed? I don't sleep. But there's a way. There's a way to do it. All right, cool. Let's respect loyalty. He definitely has to be funny. A family man, goals ahead of him. Yeah, basically. Cool. All right. So he can be brought for it. If they, if he meets all that criteria, and he's still trying to build a career, all support him, depending on the situation. What if he has none of those and no?  All right, so ambition. All right. Cool. So, um, you'll have to be he'll have to be a provider, a protector, and um, definitely ambitious. Uh, a hustler. He got to be a go-getter. You know, like he got to be there. Um, consistency. Need consistency. The biggest turn off is someone that is inconsistent. And um, considerate a thoughtful partner. And um, someone that allows you to be you. Judgment free. Interesting. No judgment. All right. Not in court. What about you? Um, I want support. Uh, I want honesty and I want to feel on a sex with other women. No, and want. I guess no. I want to be honest. And then you shall get left. And then.  Funny. Yeah, he has to be funny because sometimes girls we stress out a lot and a lot of tendle and a funny guy is just it's good. It feels good. Oh, you saw crazy. I learned some jokes before I'm next to him. A little much a knock knock jokes and taller taller than me. How tall? 6 minimum. Okay, 6 feet. All right. How tall are you? 5, 3. Yeah, you want a tree. All right. I would really say safety and security. Like if I don't feel safe with you, there's no point in me being with you and security. Like if you made me feel secure in a relationship, then we're always going to thrive regardless of what the problems are. That's like my two biggest things because everything else just falls into those two bubbles in my eyes. Yeah, you watch the show, huh? Oh, yeah, I say do. I mean, this is tough for you. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, she ain't going to secure herself with them nails. Man, she can't propose.  I think he's expensive. They go in dark too. My guy has to be very funny. He has to be a little bit more like smart than me, because I want to learn from my guy. I want to learn in a relationship. And he has to be financially secure. I want him to have his own place. I want him to pay for his own things. I don't have to pay for him. What else? He's, I'll be OK if he's like 5'10 for up. 9'56. So it's fine. Yeah. No matter where he is, will you be able to wear heels though? Oh my god. Well, I like sneakers. So I don't use you wear heels. I hate heels. All right. Fair enough. OK, Andrew, you've heard all the answers here, right? In your humble opinion, right? Do you think these are true answers? I think they're pretty good. What is this around here? I've become like a Islamic spokesman right? Because they keep saying around. No, I think they're all pretty true. I think that what they're looking for in some degree.  whether it's being a little bit smarter or being taller or having more money as dominance, women like the idea of being dominated one way or another. When the lovely young lady, what's your name, sorry? Jade. Jade, when Jade was talking about spiritually, that's just dick. That's all that. No, it is. You give, you know, you fucking girl right, you support her spiritually. You, you, you, you, you suck. You fuck it up. It's different. That's all that. I really truly believe that's what, what you're talking about. You disagree. Spiritual connection. It's hard to have a spiritual connection with somebody. You don't have a sexual connection with. Do you agree with that? No, no, no. No, no. I have a lot of spiritual connections with people I have had never been with intimately. Well, I tell you something, my chicken having a spiritual connection is okay. So we can disagree on that point. But the rest of it, I think is, yeah, it's fairly true. I think that women like to be dominated in one form or another and they like looking up to a man and respecting a man. Women aren't going to love a man. They don't respect and you're only going to respect somebody you in some degree see as your superior in certain fields. I think it's pretty fair. So Andrew, what are you for?  a woman. That's a good question. It depends, man. It also depends. Because what I'm going to give an answer now, and it's not the same thing that most men would be looking for. Right. There's a lot of men who are looking for very particular things in women, and they're not the things I'm looking for. Right. Personally, me as an individual, I am absolutely self-made in every regard. And I've never needed a woman to tell me to put the video games down or go to the gym or make money. I do not need to be looked after. I do not need to be baby. If I meet a woman today, I've done everything fantastic in my life, I've done by myself. So without disrespect, without misogyny, I don't want advice. I don't need to be told what the fucking do. Right. I know exactly what to do. And my life is testament to that. What I do want is sunshine and rainbows and a stressful existence. That's what I want. I want to come home, dealing with all the bullshit I've dealt with, and I want her to be happy. I don't want her to say, well, I got stressed too. Stress. You don't know about stress. No one's trying to kill you, shut up. You don't know what stress is. So what I want is sunshine and rainbows in a happy life. That's all I really want.  be amazed how easy men are to please. It's hard to be a man. Women don't appreciate how difficult it is to be a man of ambition. It's easy to be a man who hates shit, but you probably ain't fucked with a man who hates shit. You're fucked with a man who's important. His life is hard. It's extremely competitive. Males are ultra competitive. He needs to come home and you need to provide happiness and peace. If you can do those things, it's very rare you're going to lose him. It's that simple, but you'll get upset over some dumb shit. He likes some bitches picture and you'll destroy all the happiness and peace for a week over some Instagram posts. So dumb shit. And then you're going to wonder why all you know, we're having bigger troubles that it's actually extremely easy to please men. If you're beautiful and you're happy and you smile, you don't stress me too much, you understand I've got to do what I got to do. Easy peasy. That's it. Don't go disagreed with the spirituality thing. So tell me a little bit about you. You could go first and I saw some other girls disagree with the spiritual thing because I agree with Andrew that you ain't going to be spiritual, spiritual, someone unless you're like smashing them in some degree. I laugh.  at this whole spirituality thing anyway. But what's your take on it? What's your... Okay, I mean, what do you mean? I'm just confused why it has to be a sexual thing. Because that's how men and women connect deepest. Yes, that's not necessarily. Not everybody is programmed the same. So for me, mentally, I must be stimulated in order to be attracted to somebody. Of course. So if I'm not mentally stimulated in a situation where only sex is involved, I'm very easily unattracted to somebody. Makes sense. So, go ahead. Would you agree that the deepest connections you've ever had with a man involved sex? Would you agree with that obvious point? You're telling me that there's men out there that you've connected with deeper than all the men you've slept with and you've never slept with them. Yes. That's why where's the hat? It happens. I mean, I have people in my life who have become like family. They're like brothers. They're like fathers. Oh, you're happy.  a friend zone a bunch of you. You don't have to sleep with everybody. You need to sleep with everybody. That's different than true deep connection. If you have a true, how do you know that I friend zone them? Because you just said they're like brothers. What if they're in a relationship? What if I'm like a sister? One at a time. What if I'm also like a sister? What if they have a wife? What if they have a girlfriend? Because no man's fault. You're facing that off of an assumption. No man's talking to you because he wants you to be a sister. No one's talking to you. I'm just saying the truth. Maybe not the men that you know. But I do know men who actually value my presence and what I bring to the table. So. You know what's actually interesting. When I have this discussion a lot of girls get upset because they think. Well, what about my personality? They don't value me for anything outside of sex. What about my personality, etc. I'm just telling you and I'm telling you in a very kind way. I'm telling you the absolute truth. I am a man. I understand the masculine imperative. My dear, if you're 400 pounds, they wouldn't talk to you. So you can talk all the shit. You can talk all the shit you want. That may be true. But that's the reality. They're talking to you because of how you look. They got friends on now they're like, you're like my.  sister, hoping that that's what happened. That's the truth about men. You never see some bitch who's fat and ugly with a bunch of men trying to be her brother. It's garbage, right? This is the reality. This is why any man who's serious about his relationship doesn't let his chick run out on the bunch of male friends. It's not real. I will not ever be friends with a woman. It's not real. It's not real. And when we talk about spiritual connections, I understand what you're saying. I've had spiritual connections with women. I know what it's like when you're soul and they're soul and you feel like they're intertwined. I understand where you can understand each other by looking at each other without saying a word. I understand spiritual connections, but it, but sex is 99% of the time involved. The idea that you're going to say you're out here with steep spiritual connections due to, like your brothers, you've never slept with and they have no intention of ever sleep with you. That's nothing to do with how you look. It's fantasy, it's not real. We can ask the chat. See what the chat says. What are they? We agree. No, I don't have any but that I can't. We could talk about where are the different hats coming from. This is a car change time.  I'm not talking about a spiritual connection sexually at all. When I talk about a spiritual connection, I mean somebody that really helps me to develop as a woman. So there are a number of things that I have experienced as any person can attest to, growing up, whether it's mentally, physically, from your family, whatever the case may be. And we don't sometimes understand what those things are because if you grow up in an environment where that shit is normal, it doesn't make sense. And so to try to figure those things out and go on a journey through self and to have people around you that help you discover who you are and heal those things, that is more so what I mean by a spiritual connection where you have helped me to develop just to be the best woman that I can be. No strings attached. Perfect. And I'm just going to ask you a question and I would like you to be as honest as possible. Do all the girls who are 500 pounds who have trouble in their lives? Did they have a bunch of guys trying to help them on their spiritual journey? Yes or no? I don't know because I don't.  answers fucking no. So they're there. No. No. No, it's because of how you look. You need to accept that. I'm not saying, I'm not saying you're not smart. I'm not saying you don't provide value. I'm not saying those things. I'm saying the initial attraction. The reason they at least first talk to you, the reason they sit there on that first ever interaction and have any kind of conversation with you is because of how you look. That is why. And for that, I'm grateful because thank God for that. Otherwise, I would have not have made the connections that I have. Cool. Which means their friendship is never going to be completely and utterly pure. They start talking to you because of how you look. They judge you on how you look. How you look will always have a part to play. And I'm not saying that they don't care about you and they're not their friend. You're a friend. I thought I'm saying. I'm saying they interred the relationship in the scenario with a different intention in mind. That is why. It's absolutely not crazy on any level. If you have a man from just saying, no, you're not talking to those dudes or not your friends. They want to fuck you at some point. Now they think they can't talk another shit. Men fucking lie. Women fall in love with what they see. So women wear makeup. And men fall in love with what? Fuck that one. I got you.  Men fall of what they see and women fall of what they hear that's why women wear makeup and men lie back Did this one you my run here for my first ever mistake on But it's really really really true and and a lot of women Label as insecurity right they say all you're insecure because you don't let me hang around with all these dudes and don't It's nothing to do with it's it's territorialism and it's normal If you have a man and he's your boyfriend and if you if I was your man and you start talking to me about these spiritual connections with all these fucking dudes I'm like look you got make a choice It's me or them. It's me or them. You don't walk around having spiritual connections for fucking you can't go on and Jeremy No way. I don't want I don't want that in a chick You can't tell for you Absolutely she's not for me. You nailed it. She's put the streets. She below The streets are always gonna be there. So yeah, it as well just no, but you made an important point that I actually agree with If if I were to date a woman and sure to say look I value the relationships  with these random dudes more than I value my relationship with you. Why are they random? Okay. What if they're on for ten years? I value the relationship with them. Other men more than I value the relationship with you. If a chick said that to me, then yeah, absolutely I bounce. What if you need a point to make you comfortable? I don't, it's not about comfortable because you're comfortable. And make sure that her friendships were not necessarily put before you, but she was still able to maintain those relationships that she had prior, maybe years and years before ever meeting you. I'll tell you why you're wrong. I'll tell you where you're wrong. I'll tell you where you're wrong on two points. One, you said the word comfortable, which implies insecurity. We're not talking about insecurity. We're talking about territorial. I'm not insecure, jealous, I'm territorial. I enjoy the fact that the woman is only mine. I enjoy the fact men look at her and can't talk to her. I enjoy that. That's a benefit. I want that. I don't give a shit about jealousy. So this is nothing to do with comfortable. I can be comfortable already. I still don't want it. That's the first thing. The second thing of these men were truly, truly your friend. They'd say, oh, you got a man now. Safe. If you break up, message me. Otherwise, cool. Be with your man. If they're really your friend, they'll have a problem with that.  But they're going to be like, Oh, you're going to stop talking to me because of him. I thought we were cool for 10 years. Then it is because they want to keep a finger in the pie. That's bullshit. I'll be honest. And I don't want to double down too much. One Andrew says, but I've said this many times on the podcast. Ladies, no man wants to hang out with you because of your presence or because of your because you're a girl. The only reason Mentaliere and ordeal with you is for sexual access 99% of the time. I'm just going to be 1000% honest when a guy hangs out with you. His ultimate goal and his ulterior motive is to get sexual access to some point. Whether he's upfront about it says I want to smash right now or wait, five years down the road when you're no longer as attractive and he tries to do the shot. The guy is always dealing with you for sexual access. There's very few benefits that men get from being platonic friends with a woman. However, there are a lot of benefits that a woman gets from being a platonic friend with a man. You get that masculine energy. You get the leadership. You get the confidence. You get the protection, etc. You get the food. You get the bills. Exactly. So, so men don't really benefit from being in the  friends on with a woman, but women definitely benefit for being in the friends on with a man. And here's another thing. I'll take it a step further. Most women that I've interviewed hundreds of them at this point have always told me I prefer male friends over female friends. Let's peel up that back layer. Why? Well, because men offer utility. Men have to provide value. That's just where we live in. You cannot be a guy and be useless and exist. You're going to either be made fun of ostracizer, live with your mom and no one's going to respect you. Men must provide utility. Women, however, you'll just be pretty and show up and you're going to be able to, you know, revables with millionaire celebrities, etc. Women are born with their value. Man has to create their value. So when a woman aligns herself with a man platonically, it's a win-win. You're telling me this guy's going to hang out with me. Give me attention. Tell me how pretty. Potentially pay for something's here in there. Give me that mask and energy. Give me that spirituality. And that'll got to fuck him. Yeah. Oh, that's great. That sounds great. Yeah. Of course. I'm going to lie. I'm saying I got a spiritual guy. I'm not a... I'm not a...  That's why you're defending it. And I'm being honest with you, I'm just... There's nothing wrong with it, that's tight. There's nothing wrong with it for you, but if I was to get with a girl and I was to take that kind of girl seriously, it doesn't matter if we're just fucking right, but if we're gonna be a serious relationship and we're gonna progress into something serious, all those dudes hanging around you're gonna have to go out of respect for me. Listen, I don't care how good the locks on my Lamborghini are. If I see a bunch of dudes trying to break in, I'm gonna walk out there and say, get the fuck away from my car. That's all it is. It's a territorial thing. It's nothing to do with jealousy, it's nothing to do with insecurity. If I love a woman with all my heart, I don't want a bunch of dudes orbiting around her. Why would I? Can I say that? If I end up a woman says to me, look, that matters to me so much. Those men matter to me so much. I'll make you feel comfortable and I'll dead up, but I have to talk to these dudes. It's cool, I'll fuck you and I won't take you seriously. That's all it's gonna have. This is another point here as well. What we don't take seriously either, because she had a question. Oh, that was a tough thing. I think what it is, right? At some point, right? If the guy said to you, you know what? This isn't gonna work out, I'm gonna leave. But I'll love for you.  What would you say? The guy I'm dating or guys that are friends. Guys that are your friends. I would respect it. It is what it is. So put it in. People come and people come and people come. Reverse now, right? They want you, but they can't have you. So they're waiting for a chance to sneak into that back door whatever to get you. Is that your friend? Honest speaking, is that your friend? So you mean there's an ulterior motive that has not been communicated, obviously? And they're just waiting. So is that your real friend? You want to see it? Come on, Jade. Hmm. I think that people, different people provide different things. Yes or no? So fresh is coming on. This is getting better. Whether or not they are, really doesn't matter because as you are both benefiting from the situation or benefiting from the friendship, whether it's real or not, why does it matter? Listen, you're winning regardless. I'm just saying yes or no. Yes.  I know. Yeah, I mean, I did it. You know, here's a thing. She knows the you said you give a give guys advice right on dating. Yeah. So then you understand how much of a fuck up it is to be friends with a girl getting friends owned. No. Okay. Anyway, so, uh, okay, because the thing is this man, men don't benefit from being platonic friends with women. I mean, let's go around the table real quick with other ladies. Do you think men and women can be honestly be platonic friends? No, I don't think so. I think so. You think so. Yeah. Absolutely. Um, I think like business wise, yes, but maybe not just like friend wise, unless it's like a like a show. There are the questions about friends. Friends. Not a coincidence. It was like family friends and it's like young. Yeah. Okay. Just thinking about all the time those guys that she hit up that she thought we're gonna try to fuck her. Yeah. Probably not this day and age. Okay. What about you? Yes. Yes. Honestly, no. I feel  like some of you know probably the catching feelings at some point and the others not going to feel that way. No, it's like that. I'm on the car. So, okay, you think you can be people tonic friends. You think so too and you think so too and you think so too. You think so too. I guarantee. I guarantee. I guarantee. I'm going to hit those guys up right now. Let's do it. That's fine. And we had you text them and say, I'm horny right now. Because you're going to do it. Like, you're not kidding. You just said you'll go to be friends. So I'm not going to provoke that. What a heart. You guys know what kind of needs non-sexual. Exactly. So why would I take that? My friends would hit me. That's like, are you on? What are you on? Are you drunk? Yeah. You guys are. Ladies, ladies. We have a segment on the show right? We have this topic where can men and women be friends? And the girls call their best.  friends and say, hey, I'm horny where you at. You miss the person. I don't know. Everyone. Everyone. You want to lose. You want to lose. You want to lose. Got all the other girls lost. Call your guide friend and say, do it. I'm horny where you at. Yeah. Who's down for the game? Who's who's who's who's if you're right. I want to respond. Raise your head. I agree. Because we got one, two, three, four. Raise your head. Can I ask you guys a question? No. Do you have any of you guys have like female friends? No. No. No. Really? Can I tell you what? No. No. You seem like a girl. We're fucking. Oh, Oh, Guess what? Guess what? Yeah. Like you said earlier, what's the benefit? I mean, be one of girlfriend. We are fun. Here. Okay. So why is sex the only that's my part? Let's keep this nice. I want to really know one mic at a time. One mic at a time. You ask, why do we not have best friends? Do you guys have female friends? No. It's pointless. It's absolutely pointless to have a female friend because women get all the benefits of having platonic male friends. A man gets nothing. And you want to break that down?  a little bit about the stupidity of having female friends. Really? From a head guy, from a holistic perspective. Sure. From a holistic perspective. You don't want to see no perspective, anything? No, no, no. I'll just tell you why personally. I ask the men. I have zero female friends. That does not mean I'm not polite to women. Does mean I'm not female acquaintances, right? Doesn't mean I can't meet all of you and say hello to you and see you on the street and say hello to you, et cetera. But the idea of having a female friend, someone I hang out with often, who is my friend, and we're purely photonic, is garbage. It's garbage. Because as a man, I'm spending 99% of my energy finding a sexual partner. And any partner, no, but any partner of mine, who I'm also having sex with, my girlfriend, my wife, whoever it may be, she is my friend. There's no benefit from female friendship outside of the friendship I'm going to get from my partner. Truthfully, it can really be the same the other way around. If you have a man and you truly love him and he's your guy, you shouldn't really need other dudes. That's the truth. You shouldn't. But my run said it perfectly. There is a massive amount of liability to me being friends with the chick. Let's say she's my friend, right? We've been friends. We talk spirit.  for ten years, for ten years, for ten years, I've been listening to a astrology bullshit in my ear, pretending I don't want to. I'm a demon eye. I'm a sketch. Oh, here we go. For ten years, I'm listening to this bullshit, pretending I don't want to fuck. We're walking down the street. Some dude comes up, snatchers are bag. Now I have to risk my life to protect their bitch. Who doesn't even suck dick? If you're my female friend, I would like to look, we're equal or friends you about chase something I'm gonna fuck you down with. Oh, you want me to protect them? Provide. I'm your man now. I'm your man now. This is the exact point, right? All these what women do and it's very, very smart. She said it herself. And I feel like we're picking on you a little bit and we're not. I don't feel pretty perfect. You're good. Perfect. But she said it herself. That sounds good. Great deal to me. I'll take that. It absolutely is because it's exploitation. Now any man who allows himself to get to the point. Any man.  who allows himself to get exploited, deserves it. He deserves it. If you're stupid enough to sit there and go, yeah, you're it's torrid rising today. What the hell is it? That's how it is. Maybe I could see some kitty-man in three years. Now, please, if you're stupid enough to get exploited, then you deserve to be exploited. I agree. But I am. Let me tell you another thing. Let me tell you another thing, right? There's a difference between these terms are thrown around a lot. Alpha male and beta male. But if I meet a girl, let's say I would have come up to you on the street in order to talk to you, I would be talking to you with a pure intention. And my intention is pure. My intention is to try and take him on a date. I would say you're absolutely beautiful. Really nice to meet you. I'd like to take him on a date. If you said I'd go a man, I would say, okay, cool. You go a man, nice to meet you. Goodbye. My intention is pure. It's not deceiving. 99% of these dudes who are your friends are deceiving with their intentions. And it's beta male bullshit. I'd rather accept a no off a chick and move on than sit there and go, well, if I pretend I'm a friend long enough and I jerk off over her and stuff for long enough, I might pull it off when she's drunk. That's what the fuck it does.  It's cowardly. They are a bullshit. It's for weak men who ain't got the balls to sit there. If you're doomed to where they are, they should sit with you and say, look, we need to fuck. And not in that. Okay, let me rephrase that. I've known you a long time. You're such a sweet young lady. All these other men don't treat you right. Why don't we go on a date? That's what I refused. That's what they should say to you. And if you say no, then they should be like, say, bounce, because they shouldn't be there anymore. So what they're doing is they're being, they're not being pure with their intention. And that is an act of cowardice. And I think acts of cowardice are not something to be respected. I think a man should be completely honest about his intention. That does make you a bad guy. You're not a bad man to go to a girl and say, you're beautiful. I want you to be my woman. That's making bad. It makes you much worse to sit there and go, I don't want to be your woman at all. Let's talk about astrology. That's garbage. It's fucking lies. That's nice guys. You have a lot of nice guys. They're all, yeah, they're all tricksters. Look, do you have a lot of female friends? Okay. Friends, female friends. Yeah.  Okay, really? You? Barely. You? I have more female friends than I have male friends. Okay. Not really. Like, Jade, yeah. I have my sisters, yes. Okay. I mean, like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I have female friends that are. So too. Yeah. Yeah. Have a lot of female friends. Like real friends? Yeah. You can crawl up in the middle of the night. Yes. Yeah. And they're going to come pick me up. Okay. I'll say it's even to be honest. Okay. What I've come to realize from interviewing a lot of women is that they don't even have a lot of female friends. So you guys want us to have you guys as friends, man? Like, what the fuck? Like as motion. Like women don't even want to be friends with women. But you guys want us to be friends with you guys. And it's like, it's very difficult to deal with women. I'm going to be honest with you all. Like it really is. Exactly. So it's like, if we're not fucking you guys, it's not our best interest to deal with you. If I'm going to be 1,000% honest, your feelings, periods, you know, the drama, my hair. It's really not in a man's best interest. It's just like Andrew said, like, when you hang out with men, men.  for utility a lot of the times. Women like a girl, be her female friend, is still like, it kind of expect you to pay for shit or she's gonna expect you to step up in certain situations like if your bag gets stolen or whatever, she's gonna still expect a certain level of boyfriend energy or behavior, even if she's not having sex with you, which is fine. You guys are finessein' like, you should do it. Cause let's flip the roll. Let's say you guys came to my house every night, right? And we had sex and I told you, all right, you gotta go, get the fuck out of here. And then you left. And I never ever like talk to you or ask you how your day was or anything. And we just solely had sex and I told you, leave right after, hey, sorry, you gotta go. How'd that make you feel? Obviously she's coming back, so she agreed with it, right? Yeah, but how would that make you feel long term? I mean, use that, right? That's exactly how men feel on the friends own. It's just that when a guy uses a woman for sex, it's considered like fucked up, but if a girl uses a guy for friendship, no one bad tonight, but it's the same exact concept. If a man that uses a woman for sex, the same as a woman that uses a guy to be a friend, because both parties are missing what they actually want. The woman wants attention and, you know, affection from the man and the man wants...  sexual access in in both scenarios, you're missing, you're giving up your commodity without getting what you want returned. The girls want attention and affection, but giving up sex, not getting it, right? And then the man is giving up attention and resources, but not getting sex, which is what he wants from the woman. So it's a finesse. So it's in your best interest to have a guy. Yeah, but can I ask you something? They're both accepting it. It is what it is. He's not accepting it. He's taking it exactly with ulterior motives. Somebody has them? Yeah. Have you ever had like an open communication with a girl before? Yes, which is why I open is open. Oh, very open. So every night, when we can't take the truth, man, I, yeah, I depend on what does that look like? What do you mean? Like, what is the open communication for you guys? Look like, like, what me talk like, you got to give me an example here. Like, what? Like, are you expressing? This is what I want from you. What do you want from me? Yes. And girls, like, here's the thing. I don't deal with the girl unless it's sexual in the first place. But I'm asking, what are you asking for? And what is she asking for in return? Like, what was the typical situation?  look like. Well, I mean, it's not like we just sit there and outline. Hey, well, you know what I want. I think that's the problem. I want this. No, because that see that's see Western bullshit. Like you know, that's a contract that that sounds like Western bullshit. No, because here's the thing. Eastern plus we can sit here and say that like you can be completely honest. Sit down with your girl and tell her what's on your mind. No, women are not equipped to handle the truth. You guys do not like the truth. That's a generalization. That is a generalization. I mean, that's what already is the same. The point that really is because I know a fair amount of people who can actually handle the truth. The point, the point that the point that myron's making and the point we need to all accept is that the date and game is a subtle game, right? If I were to meet you and take you on a date, I would flirt with you, right? I would try to make it cool that I like you, but in a subtle way, I wouldn't be sitting there going, hey, maybe five minutes ago. So let's listen. I'm on a sky. Let's lay down the contractor. I'm trying to bang. It's just weird. That's not how the things work, right? And when myron saying is when he only talks to a girl when he has sexual interest, his point is, if he talks to you and he wants to take on a date, etc. He's flirting with you.  He's making obvious his intentions, but not on an overly creepy, overly contractual way. When you're saying, have you ever had an open dialogue, et cetera, et cetera? The reason we can't answer that question is because if we meet a woman and we want to come across charming and not come across a weirdo, we're not going to sit there, start talking about, this is my honest contractual agreement. I meant you just sit. It's going to be like, you're up for it. No, it's pretty cool. I definitely had somebody say, like, I want to have sex with you. Yeah. Okay, thank you. Thank you for making that very clear. Yes, I did. You did, but how do you guys, we're speaking prior? Where's you now? Where's you now? Oh, I let it go. Oh, okay. But that was the thing. How'd you guys spoken prior? Was there a relationship established prior to that? There was for a period of time. That's the biggest thing. I don't know, but then we actually had a falling out and then we became friends and very quickly made it clear. Friends then got it. Okay, friends, sure friends got back into communication and then that was communicated and I was like, okay. But here's the thing. Thank you for.  It's not openly you're familiar with them prior so that defeats the entire what you're trying to say because a man meets a woman if a man meets a woman off rip and I come up to you at the nightclub and I'm like listen I'm just trying to fornicate. I don't really care about what you got to say. I'm just trying to do this You would look at me like what the fuck like oh Retard alert And you leave you ain't gonna take me serious like men can't afford to be honest with women man They can't they have to play the game. They got to calm you. You gotta come in. They got to say things a certain way We have to understand this somebody for everybody so the same way you just want to be like yeah, let's get down nasty another girl I'm like yeah listen listen there are people that are with You can say that you can say that but the the minority of what you're describing is statistically insignificant I really do in other words if there's a hundred women 97 of them are gonna say fuck off. I'm not smashing you with  those three say yes. Okay. If there's a three, okay, if I told you jump out of a plane, and your parachute has a 97% chance of not deploying when you jump out the plane. You're right. I'm not exactly. So that's why we don't say that dumb should have be honest with women because it doesn't work. But lying. But then no one knows the women for doing that. And it's a bad women who if you want to have the best odds in your favor, right? Like you sing. It's never a percent for three percent. Why am I going to test the water? See, you know what? Let me see. She's one about three percent. So here I can say, you know what? I can do a little finesse when I say, you know what? This is a general statement. I want to take you out. I'm going to say a front. I want to smash you. I'm going to say it in a nice polite way. So I'm not going to turn you off. And if we can go from there, if you mean to say that to your face and then you say, oh, hell no, I just want to say my time at your time. No, of course. But like you could feel a girl. I don't think that's wasting your time though, because if you get a direct answer, then you're not going to proceed. And keep your habits and encounter. You may have things that are not interesting. But what if you do take her on the date and then she maybe she's not initially  interested, but she's like, okay, he's kind of cute or he got jewelry on. Maybe he has money or he drives a nice car, whatever. Then you take her on the date and she realizes actually he's kind of cool. Okay. Now that open communication can be happy. Six months later, it could be one day. It could be six. You don't know. It's interesting. But it's interesting what she said to us because you actually and and it's great to have you on the panel. You're giving us a good storyline to discuss. But the storyline that you just told us about this dude and you bang this dude, whatever, whatever. You completely vindicated the point I was making. And I've been around the block, right? You can, I know you girls don't know me. I've been around. All right. So I know I know the world. I know the game. I'm an old man. I'm the grandpa of the table, right? So here's what happened in the scenario. She just described. I was friends with this guy, right? We ended up having a falling out. The only reason male and female friends fall out is because the dude's pissed off. You ain't fucked. So they so they had a falling out because she got a new man. He's not a true. He's not even wrong. No, no, no, no. She got a new man.  or she started dating someone or she rejected him, got pissed off, they didn't fuck. We got back in communication, right? So he said so, he came back to try again. Then he said to her, I just want to fuck. So he came back and did exactly what I said, a man should do. Sit down and say, you're beautiful. We need to get this on. I'm tired of the game. And he got laid. I'm not that at it. So you just, what you just did is, after just agreeing with me for 20 minutes, it's just completely agree with me and prove me absolutely correct. So everything I've said so far is right. It's all right. Now that man had more balls than all these other dudes who haven't said it yet, but they all want to do the same. Respect to him. He got what he wanted. He had to, you know what? I can guarantee bro, I can guarantee. He woke up the next day saying, no more astrology. Thanks. I'm tired. I'm tired for the spiritual bullshit. I've seen the titties. I'm done. Bounce. So that's what he got what he wanted. And he bounced. All the other guys, all the other guys, all the other guys, all the other guys.  and I was not. He's. Okay. No, no, no, that's a valid point. That's a very valid point. He got what he wanted and she bounced. That's a very valid point, but it doesn't matter. He still got what he wanted. And my point is that guy was true to the intention that I laid out that a man should do and got what he wanted. The other dudes who you're saying are not like this guy, because he was your friend and he fucked, but all your other friends don't want to fuck just because they're too pussy to lay it down. It's the same. It's the same. You need to accept that. Now, the smartest single woman could say in your position is this because I've met some very clever girls. I live in Newson Europe, right? 11 Romania, Poland, Russia. These girls are the biggest finesseers on the planet. These girls are the biggest finesseers. You girls talk about finessein. Well, you're still getting fucked. You mean finesse, nothing. These girls, these girls are getting money on their own billionaires boat. No one's touched them. That's finessey. The games when they don't get what they want, right? You don't win. You don't win if a dude bangs you. Doesn't matter if you dump him whatever. He bang you. He wins, right? These finesseers, they're smart because what they'll do is sit there and go, I have a bunch of male friends. They absolutely all want to fuck.  I completely know that and I exploit it. No, they won't be allowed to touch me. They're not gonna see you're in lie and pretend there's some spiritual connection with Mars. Mars is in the rising moon. Some bullshit. You're lying. Stop lying and just admit. You got a bunch of dudes who want to ban you and you enjoy the attention. Just say on the podcast. See, my friend just started in the beginning of the year. Just on the podcast. First and foremost, I'm not saying I have a bunch of dudes that give me attention because all of these people... About the cap. We need to make it no cap, right? Because I have a solid two friends that I have a very good foundation with. We don't have to make on a daily basis. We don't speak on a weekly basis. Sometimes we don't even speak on a monthly basis. So it's not all this attention. Okay. So they're not your friends then? They're okay. Then maybe they're not. They're acquaintances. I mean, shit. I'm just going to talk to you. We got a friend. When he did like the night with the 97% it doesn't matter. We're chatting. We got a bit of a talk. Let's...  I need vodka. I need vodka. I need vodka. I need vodka. I need vodka. I need vodka. No, but it's a waste. Christina bring that. We got a whole lot of vodka here. Yeah, no. Jose Rodriguez, 20 bucks. Guys, the may take away from that conversation is this. Never allow a woman to put you in a friend zone. She puts you in a friend zone. She don't respect you. She don't like you like that. Go deal with another woman. It's not your best interest to have female friends as stupid. If she's really your friend, she ain't going to be upset that you're fucking someone heartened. So don't worry about it. I'm not in it. You're right. That's for you. I'm actually going to be proud of you. I'm going to say thank you for you. Okay. What's good for fucking you. Thank you. So where we at? Jose Rodriguez. Jose. Okay. Shots. A number of podcasts. And world 500K making history. Road. One million. Guys, guys, please. Ladies, pause. Thank you. Keep up the great work. Fanta is go amazing interview. Thank you. Thank you. Andrew Bass. $110. Super sicker. Thank you so much.  20 bucks electric relaxation put things that perspective my iron there is a guy out there that paid 10,000 US dollars to receive that girl saliva and you got it for free Following future footsteps we up. That's crazy. Yeah. No, I know her life sucks guys That's why I'm not like too mad. Uh, the L. Saint 50 bucks I believe most people in the chat and in the world truly can't comprehend what brother to take has shared with us on this platform I challenge everyone especially men to truly understand what Andrew takes sharing with the world. It's life changes Very true. I'll say true. Uh, big band bando stacks shots and number one podcast the world fresh and fit gang gang Congratulations on it 500k. Thank you very much UK economists 20 dollars all the way from great brand from the UK if any of these Women once a traditional provider are they traditionally virgin? I don't think any girl on this panel is a virgin my friend key sir major plugs and bucks Growing blue know who the punisher is because she bought a meter equals spirituality of course Cool John thick a seal 50 bucks awesome podcast earlier where Andrew hit the like button inches road to one million We got y'all Andrew bass again. My I'm fresh. I love a show  take is sharing the secrets of the universe again. The serious will listen, the smart will act. Those with big sister with enough testosterone will find their brothers in a war room back. True. 20 bucks just stuff. What is state's advice for guys below six feet? I am 29, five or seven with 30% body fat getting back, getting 10 work and tech 120-year no death, 50k savings, good social life, just join Huskers University. I'll tell you you want to know the advice. The advice is that it's absolutely ridiculous to go through life wishing you're something you're not, right? The chess board is the chess board. It doesn't matter if you're five foot nine five foot seven five foot two. That's who you are. So you can be the best version of yourself and own it or you can become an insecure bitch about it. It's all you can do. Man, if I was short, I'd just be walking around you just I'm not saying you don't want to have small men syndrome of course, but you need to walk around through life and just be proud of your achievements and be who you be who proud of who you are. You can't be going through life Santa Wishaw was taller sent home crying about it. Thanks. That's life man. Get along with it. Get along with it bro. Super Bradley congrats to 500k haters. Stay over there facts. Thank you. Fresh you were right. You got to take her soul 20 bucks from freshmen. Max, what are you going to take your soul?  And then we got 20 bucks from Jonathan Garcia or a little bit of my no myron, Plotonic relationship doesn't equal spiritual connection. Got you bro? Well, and nomades says the only way to escape the friends when it's either breaker back or breaker heart. Nomades, cool. 20 bucks venom. Being a friend with a girl is like working hard at a company for seven to 10 years, hoping that for that promotion, that to that position you wanna just for the company hire someone new outside that for that position. Yeah, that's true, bro. And then what else here? We got backups. Girls, how do you feel about guy having spiritual connects to another while you are guys are dating? That's a good question. Imagine, no, no, that's a good question. Yeah, you wouldn't mind. That's a no honestly. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I can't hit regret though. If I say like I wouldn't, I want like a guy who spiritually like Plotonic with me, how can I say he can't have one with nothing? That's what I'm saying. I don't care what you do. I'm not, especially if you might hear before me, like how does that make sense? If you've been friends with somebody for six plus seven years, just know you're like, they have helped you through, maybe you had a death in your family, maybe you went through a really hard situation with a  girl and you had a breakup, whatever the case may be. Who am I to sit here and say that relationship is no longer valid because I'm now in your life. And I Trump everything. Yeah, I like that. It shares before. Do you know what I also know what I bring to the table? So if you need that, then you can have that. But also if you feel that you need me, that means that there's something else that I bring that that cannot provide. And I'm not insecure about that. I know that people bring different value. I might not be here. Say that now. You say that now. But if you're fiancee had a girl that he was spiritual with, you would be like, cut that spirituality, bullshit out. That's what life. That's what I think that's true. That's true. I want him to be deeply connected just with me. You can't. So you might be somebody that wants and needs someone to only be with you. I with where I'm at. And you may be right about that as well because I'm just speaking from my experience with where I'm at in my life. Not right. So  you know, five years Google buy and I could have a fiance where I'm like, and I don't know you, I'm 27. So I've done this for you. I've cut this off for you. I would like you to do the same. But with where I'm at now, I can only speak from what I have experienced and what I have experienced. I don't want to be your everything. I don't want that. I really don't. I want you to have your own life. I want you to have your own friendships, relationships, whatever the case may be. Then you didn't love him. Just as that's not true. That is just as I want my love is deliberate. I'm not isolating myself for one person. I have so much life. Then what we want to say, I'm saying we just see it differently. We just don't want to say different things. That's just where I'm at in my life right now. I'm not going to put myself in a position to want and need those things if I'm not equally going to provide those things. So we have a question. I have a question. Do you think you're equal to men? No, I think I'm equal to men. Yeah, do you think you're going to be equal to your partner? Absolutely. Okay. That's the question. Can we go to? Why not be equal to him?  I just want to know with like a say you have a boyfriend or like girlfriend or what were you saying. Um, what your old purflu cave he has like a female friend that he spends some time with like, oh yeah, I'm spending time with like, um, Alyssa today. Mm-hmm. And he's like, in your like, you want to spend time with him, but you're okay with him like spending time with her. Yeah. Because if you want to spend time with your friend, I, I sincerely value open communication. I'm going to be blatantly and sometimes brutally honest about where I'm at. So I'm going to receive the same. I only engage in those types of relationships. Okay. Like if you have something else going on with her, I'm going to know it's not going to be this is just my friend and some sh, no, I'm going to know you're fucking her. It's not going to know. It's not if he's, if he's going to stay with Alyssa, it's not a, so it's, it's a hundred percent certain. Okay. So I'm 32 and I've been with my husband for 10 years. When I met him, I met his two girl friends. They've known.  each other since middle school and high school. I know woman he's slept with and I've asked the question, have you ever done it? There's no reason you're gonna lie and say, no, you never done it with her and then you're gonna tell me then with them. So the question was already asked, begin a relationship where we're younger. So of course, you're thinking like, y'all kinda close. He's taking them out like, yeah, you know, I'm taking so and so we're going out, it's their birthday. We meet the family where God parents, I have guy friends. There's nothing in my mind that's gonna provoke you or possess you to say I have to drop friends that I've known before you just because they're men and they have their own life. They have their own women, their own kid. Like it has nothing to do with me or you. That's our relationship and the same goes for him and. That assumes men and women are equal. Women are far more tolerant of their men potentially and or possibly having sex with other women versus a man is not okay if he's in his right mind. So he should verbalize that.  your partner, like we always say, it's what that what you and your partner have in that relationship. If you know, he's not about that. No, you're missing the point. You're missing the point. What I was saying was, is that the reason why it doesn't bother you or like, oh, I don't care if he has his female friends, whatever, is that a woman, you know, subconsciously or whether she wants to accept it or not subconsciously is okay with her man having sex with other women. If she values him enough and understands that he's a catch. Okay. It's been that way since the beginning of time. We talked about this on a panel time. Women have shared men since the beginning of time. It's only in modern day society. Now we're women can run around and say he's run around fucking other bitches. This is not this is fucked up. This is not fair. But reality is life is not fair to men and women. There's benefits that women get that men don't get to enjoy and vice versa. And one of the benefits men get to enjoy that women don't is that if we have indiscriminate sex with other women, even when we have a wife at home, it's not that big of a fucking deal. But it's a huge deal if you guys do it. Think about it. And celebrity, athlete, high ranking official.  you know, back in the time, you know, soul since King Sheik's whatever, they always had a multitude of women. They had their main girl, and then they had other women. So women, since the beginning of time, have accepted men being, being, um, in male infidelity. But men do not tolerate female infidelity unless they're low value. So I can't just respect their friendship. I can't just respect. I'm saying that it's deeper than you accepting their friendship as long as I'm trying to say. I can only, I can just speak for as deep as it goes for me though. So I understand the value in those people before me. I was, when I'm gone, if, you know, God forbid something happened to me, they're still going to be here. So I'm saying that you're, you're, I need to step out your, your, your own two feet for a second and pretend you're not a woman. All I'm simply saying is that a woman is far more tolerant of her husband dealing with other women than a man is tolerant of his wife dealing with other men. Across. I agree. I did hear you when you said that. So I said, if you're,  man is not tolerable, he should speak up. And he should just kick you to the curb. And he hasn't done it. If your girls out talking to other guys, there's nothing to talk about, you already lost. And this and this is the point, right? We talked about verbalizing and you're saying he hasn't done that. We all accept we were humans, right? If someone's going to accept a scenario, then they're happy enough in that scenario. I didn't come along saying I was going to force you girls and lock you up. What did I say? I said, if you if I gave you the choice and you chose them, I'd leave. That's why I said I'd bounce. That's it. I'm not going to come along. I'm not going to come along and start blocking contacts on your phone. No crazy shit. I'm going to say the kind of girl I would ever take seriously. It depends. We're just fucking right. But if I said, look, I'm looking to build a relationship. I want to have children. I want to get married. The kind of girl I would take seriously is the kind of girl who ain't talking to dudes. Really, but me and her family or my family. I think that's enough men around talk about masculine shit. I don't see why you need Jake fucking whoever, whoever, whoever, then I would not take her seriously and I would not be with her. That's my choice. And we're not saying that men need to come along and start locking.  girls up and nothing like that. We have to make our own choices as men, for sure. But the choice that I'm purporting is the most intelligent option because you girls might all be fine young ladies, right? You might all have masculine influence and friends and male friends and nothing bad might happen. But I tell you what, 99% of the time happens when you let your chick hang around with a bunch of dudes and you know what that is, as much as I know what that is. And there's a bunch of dudes out here who listen to this shit that the world tells them because the whole world is a female imperative, everything on the news, everything you see is all talking about woman bullshit. You're insecure if your chick doesn't hang around with a bunch of dudes, a bunch of garbage, right? And they buy into it and they're like, okay, I want to be secure and I really like this girl. Yeah, go out drinking with them guys. There's no problem. 99% of the time, what happens? You know what happens as much as I know what happens, right? So most guys get absolutely wrecked. And just because you girls might be of too strong a moral fiber to do that, the majority of women fucking aren't. So if you're a man and you have a brain and you're doing your job as a man, any woman who's with me is living in my fucking mansion rolling around in my Lambo.  with the big G, you're going to let her fuck off with some other dude to be seen in some restaurant with Joe Schmo, the fuck. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. That's territorialism. That's embarrassing to me. Out of respect to me and all I'm going to give you, including potential offspring, all I'm going to do to look after you for the rest of your human years. You're not talking to that dickhead end of conversation and that's my and that's my imperative and she doesn't like it. And fucking I'm out. I want to go around the table real quick because she mentioned something earlier. Do you think men and women are equal? No, I don't think they are. No, no. Yeah, okay. She's smart. You're going to be careful. Yeah, she wants to say yeah, but they're probably arguing that we had a little discussion. Mark, would you think men and women are equal? No, no. I know you said yes. What about you? No, no, they can't be. Okay. Okay, so only one girl thinks men and women are equal. Okay. Very different. When we say this, women get triggered because we try to make it sound like we don't value you.  We're absolutely and not early different and we're both we both excel at completely different things. I think that the most unhappy women of the world in the world are the women who act like men and the most unhappy men in the world are the men who act like women. I think we should all embrace our natural biological evolutionary roles. I think we're very very different. So when we talk about equal, we're talking about in a very physical visceral sense, right? This is what we're talking about. We're talking about, okay, let me give you girls an example. I'll ask you all a question and please be honest. Imagine, let me think of an example. Okay, you're getting on a plane and this plane is going to fly through a hurricane, right? There's a 25% chance you're going to make it. 75% chance you caught up in the hurricane, you crashed into the scene, you died. Do you want a male pilot or a female pilot? Does it matter? I want a female pilot. I want to ride that's best. All right, we're going to run a table. We're going to run a table. Male pilot or female pilot? I want a female pilot. Okay. Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. The best one.  Bording the plane what's gonna make you feel most comfortable? You're too long. A man or a chick? That's what I'm asking. That's all I'm asking. So, man or woman? You got a two. I guess, man. Okay. What about you? Woman. Okay. Pass. There you go. One that goes. No comment. One here. Um. This. I guess woman. Okay. Lying. Do they lie to themselves? We're not. We're just. You would feel you feel more comfortable in a dangerous situation with a man in control than a woman in control. No. Women feel more safe in a dangerous situation with men in control than women in control. That's a fact. When you call the police or something bad happened to you, you'd want a man to turn up. You don't want no chicks turning up. I don't want your line. We're talking about a plane. We're not talking about a street fight. But the point is. The point. We're not talking about a street fight. We're not. That's worse. That's worse. I'm The Pl in You.  just need to be smart and women. You need to be smart. You need to be skilled and controlled. And you have that. Let me run the question. It's wrong. It's that time, please. I'll tell you why you're all absolutely wrong. I'll tell you why you're all absolutely wrong. What if we tell you why you're absolutely wrong? You'll be more than welcome to do it. Go ahead. Give your point then. If he's wrong, you can go ahead and give him a try. He's wrong. What's the other? Women are more, women are more emotional than men. Agreed? Yes, we are. In a dangerous situation that might invoke panic, where death is near certain. Do you agree that a woman with panic is probably easier than a man? No, no. That, okay, well, you should all go to war. Because you're just lying. We're lying. We're lying. They're all lying. I think that maybe you have had that experience. So, understandably, you can speak from that. No, I know. It's not about me having that experience. I'm telling you now as a biological fact. Men do not panic as easy as women. I've heard talking about biological facts. I'm not telling you now. I'm telling you now, right? We're on a podcast. If artists think fast and throw something at my run, you turn and catch it. If I say three fast and throw anything that you chicks are gonna go.  I get hit in the face. I'm gonna pass. We're gonna pass. It's been proven. Pick up. Listen, this has been proven scientifically. Women have slower reactions than men. You're not a vote for combat. It's not bad thing. You're a vote for something else. We're physically, not. Physically, not. You have slower reactions. You panic easier. You can't handle pressure. You're praying for the same. Physically, though. Mentally, in a place. Hey, hey, hey, hey. We have to finish. Let him finish. And then you guys will absolutely have a chance to rebut his claim. Let him finish. Please. What am I gonna time? The pressure of the event is more likely to have a detrimental effect on the capability of a female than a male. Now, we all have evolutionary biological roles. There's nothing wrong with accepting that. I'll ask you another question because when I say this, you girls feel instinctual. You have to defend women. Let me give you another question. Let me ask you something. I'm trying to prove that men and women are slightly different. Would you leave your child in a daycare run exclusively by men? Oh, shit. Or would you want women? You're a little.  two year old girl, would you leave your two year old girl with a bunch of big dudes in a daycare? Yes or no? No, you would not. No. Because you know that females have certain evolutionary biological roles as do men. Men are evolved for combat. We think quicker in certain scenarios. Our reactions are faster than females. Look at, you even know them, my dad was a chess grandmaster, a professional chess player. You want to talk about how there's no biological advantage, no physical advantage. Why can the best women in the world not get anywhere near the men? They get smoked. There's no reason why it's not about muscle. They simply cannot calculate fast enough. Women were not evolved for it. We're not being disrespectful because you can do a bunch of shit that we can't do. What I'm saying is if you're going to put me on a plane that's about to fly through a hurricane, I want a man because a man will go down towards the ocean into certain death without screaming and letting go of the wheel. And most of you chicks gave him drive. So don't talk to me about flying planes. You gave him park cars. That's the truth. That's the truth. I like the truth. I like the truth. I'm waiting now.  Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, guys, we're now we're, we got one pink. Like a now. Yeah, one pink. So much facts right now. Yeah, what facts YouTube is is trying to suppress. I was a point. All right. Yeah. So just so I know who was who and what up next? We had OK blue. And then you wanted to go. You. Jay. All right. So you three wanted to go, right? That's fine. All right. Cool. So yeah, I read the super chat while we were there for the painting. Come back up. Sorry, guys. This happens sometimes every now and then, especially late at night. 20 bucks from all for all its woman's responsibility create the perception of absolute fidelity and reduce his anxiety about your potential in fidelity as a close to nail as possible. Guy friends make men doubt your fidelity. You're sorry. Guy friends make men doubt your fidelity if you love him. In fact, 50 bucks to breezy magic breeze. If she dropped all her guy friends, she'd probably be able to keep a man. I smash and pass chicks like her all the time. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Sergio Barriol. It's true. Don't like, yo, if you got a lot of guy friends, what's going to happen to guys? Not for $6.99.  He actually don't have 50, but uh, but is true. Like if you deal with ground, she has like hope tendencies, you're just about all right recreational use only and you ain't going to take her serious. Uh, and he's well known by the way. Yeah, he's actually a celebrity magician. Shots are boys are breezy. Uh, Sergio Barriott is 500 bucks Mexican 500 pencils. Thank you so much. Master Pope, please yoga flame Jake Paul into oblivion. The warm is the best network and is not even close cheers. Thank you so much for that, bro. And We got 20 bucks from Gina smiles. Congrats on five. Okay. Thank you. Shout out Gina. Shout out Gina. Uncle Ricky $100 enters. Interrati. What? Interrati, please. Oh, please. Oh, please. Okay. And he puts an Instagram. Also, I worry your good woman stays home while you go out with cultural rather than your personal. I want to grow to part with. I'm down to hook up with other people with her. Did Boo Camp with Owen cook lots of girls plus healthy relationships. I like him. He says that on here. But come on, man. You just kept. I think I was a friend. Like, no dude is.  Okay, with their girl getting fucked mind of the guy. Why would he say that guy? No one ever said that. Because he's probably going to slide into your DMs later and say, I'll take you on a date. I'm going to open. And I want to open 10 hour shots of the King's F and F. Chris and F and F. podcast take and the lovely guest congratulate you fucking nation on the 500 K. Most YouTubers take years to get 1 million subs. And y'all got started here. We're going to let you know we have 500 K in the year. It's also here. Or 13 months. Nick pin $100. I think I was the first or second one to order the merch to the Sludes of Fresh and F for the 500 K subs. Myron, the marksman, LOL and fresh in the Lambo. Lambo boys. And then are we back up to ping? Chris, let's see. Yeah, here we are. OK, so Miss Blue, go ahead, take it away. Well, I forgot what we were going with it. Why you want to play the plane? Yeah. OK, so here's the thing. I am not entirely disagreeing with you. That men and women are different and have different strengths. I don't. I completely agree. And I think that because they men.  And so maybe, you know what, maybe I can agree with you on that. Hi, fine. Let's leave it there. Don't ruin it. No, no, no, no. Maybe you look smart now. Just go. Just go. No, baby. Just wait a minute. One second, because Mars is in the high, Mars is in the high tolls. She'll be fine. Mars is in high tolls. I am a tolls. You're talking baby. Mars is in high tolls. She must. Men may have physically stronger attributes than women. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. But we also give her. Of course. And we carry a child. I agree. I've done that for years and years. You do amazing things. You do such amazing things. Females are such amazing creatures. I don't think that it's fair. So this is where I was going with that is that I don't think it's necessarily fair to hold one higher than the other just because your physical attributes that you withhold within your body are different than ours. They're both amazing strengths. And because of that, I think that's the most important thing that I've ever seen. And those are the most important strengths. And because of that.  All right, because of that, you guys maybe when it comes to, you know, calculating shapes, you might be able to do that faster than us. Emotionally and mentally, when it comes to processing our feelings, we may be able to do that faster than you. So what I'm saying is that you're not necessarily higher in ranks and we are not necessarily higher in ranks than you, but we are both equal in the sense that just as there is a yin, there is a yin and both are equally as important to coexist with one another. So you are no better than us and we're no better than you, but we both have strengths and we both have weaknesses and they are meant to balance each other out. So therefore, I do think that we're equal. All right. I'm going to be back. You're up next and then you're up next. Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby. No, listen. Everything you just said is everything I was fucking said. Listen, listen. Listen. It's amazing how quickly I can get her to agree with you.  everything. It's not beautiful. It's not beautiful. Now she's all like, yeah, take said it and she's like loving it. Listen, that's exactly what I said. You girls are completely, you females can do things men could never do. The fact that women can give life is literally a miracle. It's a beautiful thing. I'm not saying that the world can function without women. I'm not saying you're a value list. In fact, I'm saying that you're all so important that if you were to get on a plane about to fly through a hurricane and you tried to choose a chick, I'd have to slap you in the fucking mouth saying, no, what you doing? Because you're going to die. You need a man. Men have evolved to protect females. You live in a world now where all this feminist crap is going to convince you that men are out here to oppress you. We're not out here to oppress you. We spent the largest majority of human time going to die in a field by ourselves to protect you while you sat at home. It's absolutely disrespectful to look at all the men who died in World War One, World War Two, charge.  through fucking gunfire to protect their wives and children. That's why they did it. You don't know. No, no, I'm talking. I'm talking. I'm talking. I'm talking. This is what men do. We've evolutionarily, we're designed to protect you. That's why we have faster reactions. And that's why if you get rid of the feminist, femcentric crap and actually be truthfully honest with yourself, if you were to go into any kind of dangerous scenario, you would want a man at the helm. That makes you and admitting that makes you a lot more of a woman than sitting there going, no, I want an Instagram influencer. I want some bimbo speech on the fucking plane. You don't. You want some old dude who's going to sit there who flu planes his whole life. That's what I fucking want. And that's who you want. It's the truth. Okay. So who had, did you have something you want to say back to that or? I do because. Okay. And then them too, please. You gave you you may have in the past done that. And that was the situation just as you protected the country or whoever we  protected the children. We had to raise them. We had to bear them. Okay. So that is also equally as important. However, but you didn't get shot, but yes, I agree. But we also gave birth. And this is before epidural. So what are we talking about? Um, if you could do that and you could birth a whole child, a whole human through your pussy, I will commend you. But until you do that, I can't, but I can say, however, that feminism isn't about women needing to be equal physically. It's about women needing to be equal in our rights. So that's not saying that, you know, you guys can protect us, but we need to be able to protect you too. It's saying that we deserve a certain level of respect that you demand. We deserve the same amount of respect that you demand from us. We deserve that. And we are demanding that from you for being able to hold our weight and do the same things.  just in different ways. That's what feminism is about. It's not about, well, we sat at home, so we, you know, no. My dear, I don't want you and I to like to argue too much in conquer the podcast. I, I, I know, I agree with what you're, no, I understand what you're saying. You're saying that, you're saying that feminism is about women having equal rights under the law. Let me give you a very quick red pill. Women have basically every advantage under the law today. Any divorce court, any court where it comes to custody, there's not a single law where they say, men can do this and women can't do this. But there's about a thousand that say women can and men can't. So you already have an advantage under the law. So you can drop the feminism crap. And what I'm saying is when I talk about femme centricism, when you're going to sit here and lie to yourself and pretend you want a female pilot on that plane, what you have to understand is, some degree you've been programmed by femme centric society, which is telling you that in a scenario where you have to make a very binary and simple choice, you don't feel comfortable enough to say, I want a man in control. You all just sat here and said, you want a relationship with a man in control. But when you're on a plane,  in a hurricane, you don't want a manic control, you're lying to yourselves. And I'm telling you this now, you need to resist the slave mind. I'm telling you this because the world we live in, no, the world is in the same state. No, because the world we live in now is nothing but slave minds, the people who wear the mask in their car by themselves, because the news told them to and they're getting their 15th booster shot. This is the slave mind. And when you're sitting here, repeating things, not because they're honest, because you think it's the right thing to say that you need to seriously analyze where you got those opinions from. I mean, they're actually true because I'm telling you now, the smartest single woman could say is, you know what, if I had to get on that plane, I certainly, I'd rather my man fly it than me, you know, it ain't me. My man, my man drives, my man drives the car. I don't care. Okay, sure. When you and your man go driving, you and your man have to drive across the country. Who's driving? Probably the man. So, so you just need to be more honest with yourselves. And when we say you're lying, we're...  I'm not trying to insult you. We're trying to say that you're bought into a slave mindset. You're bought into this narrative and you think you have to say girl, you really don't. I'll sit here and say I won't women to let after my children in a play school. I'm not gonna sit here and don't dudes. I won't dudes. I'm gonna sit here. And that's what your girls look like. You look like you're doing that. And that's why I'm warning you against it. All right, so you had something and you had something go ahead. Okay, so like piggyback of both, like what y'all saying. So I think men obviously, if it was the pilot situation, I'll pick a man. Not because like, oh, I feel safe for what a man or I feel safe for what a man. It's just like facts. Who dominate the pilot field? Men who have more experience? Men. If I pick a woman, come on now guys. There's like less than 10% like pilots that are females in this world. Let's be very honest. Like aside from supporting sister, supporting our men, who do we really sit here and think is gonna like save us in a situation? A man, yeah, we can say it. But like, yeah, we're gonna support our girls. Of course, I want to support my sister. Of course, no matter what she is. But if we're looking at the situation for what it is, if we're like going down.  Who do you want? The person, the gender who had the most experience, which is men. It doesn't matter if it's like biological or whatever it is. It's facts. Men dominate the pilot field. We're not like let's like set aside all like the feminism and all that men just dominated. So yeah, I can agree that yeah, I would want a woman because I feel more safer and like, you know, I can relate to a female blassey blood, but at the end of the day, who have the most pilot degrees. But also have been legally able to hold jobs. Longer you're right because men have like for his like as long as like history could like be written men is always ran stuff. We didn't have like rights to say anything. We didn't get like rights to what like 1950s. It's not that long ago was a girl. It was recent. So this is new like the whole feminism like this is like the third wave. Honestly, because before women are really fighting for real things like, you know, like just being was by a house. Things like that. Right now we're just fighting to like wear clothes and things like that. That's really what we're fighting for. The women who like for real things already won the battle.  So at this point, men just want to feel like they're dominant. Women don't feel like, you know, submissive. Not every female feel like that. But before talking about the situation, where like the planes going down, we got to be realistic. Men dominate the field. So we're going to want to man regardless of how we feel. That's fine. You have to march. Yeah. I think I picked a woman and I wasn't like woman because I wanted to defend them. It's just because I think like biologically, yeah, men are stronger, some things, women are too, but women are smart. They're very smart. And if you would have told me like a street fight, I would have said, a man, no, no hesitancy, like, right, a straight up. But a woman on a plane can be very common, very smart and no faster and better what to do. Because in school, it's proved like women are better in school in general. So I'll just say like, I don't know. Well, you need to learn how to, how to fly a plane. I need to do that. So I.  I got this. I got this. Ladies, you got you guys, I got you intro for a second. The problem is that you guys are responding with your emotions and you're not thinking logically, which is fine. You're on a podcast. We got you got some guys on here that are challenging your belief system. Probably the first time in your life you ever told by a man that you can't do something because guys are trying to get laid when they deal with you. I get it. But the reality is this, okay? Men are physically superior to women. That's a biological fact. Yeah. We're stronger than you guys. We have something about driving a plane. What are we finished? We're stronger than you guys. We have higher bone density. We have more muscle mass. We have fast reaction time compared to you guys. You'll get professional video gamers. They're all men. They're not girls. Girls that play video games professionally still get stung. And they don't have any physical advantages as far as like the man goes. You know what I'm saying? Like it's not physicality. It's reaction time. Look at athletes, men and women athletes, even in sports where it doesn't necessarily require like physicality. The men win. Why? Because men are superior physically. And a lot of the times will reaction times and everything. Things that involve physicality men are superior. Now you mentioned birth, uh, uh, uh, breathing a child. Yes.  men can't do that. And there's things that women can do that men can't and vice versa. But we just ladies, you gotta accept the reality that men tend to be better at things that deal with physicality, protection, provisioning, et cetera. So panic as well, because that comes into physicality. If I told you guys, question, you're defending a kingdom, you got 20,000 men, you got 20,000 women, who are you gonna send about or the 20,000 women or the 20,000 men? The men. Okay, now, now here's the thing. The women are capable of going to battle, correct? Of course. They're capable, but they're inferior. So if all the stakes are on that battle, you're gonna send the best and the brightest. You're gonna send the men, correct? So if you send the men, that doesn't mean that the women aren't capable of doing it. It just means that the men are far better at doing it. So, same thing with the pilot. Women can be pilots too, but men are better pilots because we have more of them and women choose not to become pilots and the ones that do are not as good as the guys. And I agree. So, are there anomalies out there? Women that could be as good a pilots as men? Sure.  But the reality is most aren't women don't care about being pilots women don't care about being engineers women don't care about being architects women don't care about entering certain job positions that's fine it's all a choice but a lot of the times the reason why women choose to go into certain careers and not others is because women are better at certain things than men aren't they want to be nurses they want to be teachers they want to be uh place uh place school uh uh um they weren't want to work in nursing schools whatever it is you know i'm saying a nurseries like women are better with people men are better with things there's not wrong with that he's not saying that men are better than women he never said that we all agree that yeah no no no no because she kept saying a couple times well that doesn't mean that someone is higher than another no all he's simply saying is that someone is higher than another in a certain aspect that does not mean that does not mean that man does agree with that person i look at you guys on point with that it just so happens that men are better than women at all the things that keep society running and look at the patriarchy society i look in a patriarchal society if we were in a matriarchy society it would be different  because we would be doing things. You guys would be killing me here. You're doing that. Honestly, how would we be killed? So look, we'll see. If you want to hold on. We'll just say what happened in the next 100 years. No, no, no. Quick question, quick question. We'll see how we go. Name one matriarchy that has stood the test of time. Name one patriarchy that has stood the test of time. The one you're in right now. We've only been around what? 240 something years? Oh, that's a question for you. How long does a what is it called? How long does a shit usually last for work? Let me put it simply for you. The reason why matriarchy has never stood the test of time is because if a woman led society was there, they would get conquered by the men. The men would come in, kill all the soldiers, take the beautiful ones, and that's it. Y'all would be gone. Matriarchy has never stood the test of time because they've been destroyed by every patriarchy since. That's true. That is true, my dear. We've never really seen a female built society. No, no, no, no, you have. No, you have. This is the thing about history. You must understand. My arms make it a very important point. Please. When I was saying earlier about resistance,  This is one of those situations where you have to keep your mind open, right? Okay. Resist the slave mind. Resist it. Since dawn of human time, every single society that we can name was led by men. Agreed. Okay. What is the odds of that? Except, Egypt. No, you had Cleopatra. Yeah, he should. It was very heavily influenced by women. No, Cleopatra was a queen, but society was run by men. The household demand was in charge. I agree with it. So having a queen is different than, because England's, you know, let's not go down that. You had Buddha's CEO, you had a bunch of things. Let's not go down that route. Right. The point is that what's the odds of that happening by statistical normally, right? 50, 50, 50, 50 chance. Every civilization is to dawn of human time. It ends up being men. What's the odds of that? Basically zero. Agreed. I agree. Okay. So the reason that you can only name societies that were run by men is because all the societies that were run by women, which did exist, were decimated and destroyed. So quickly, they don't even have history to fucking right about. They didn't build shit. They didn't write.  because the second they said, we're a bunch of pussy and chicks are in charge. The dudes turned up and fucked them up. Now you have to understand that the world, the world now is a lot less competitive than it used to be. It used to be survival of the fittest and the fittest societies are patriarchal societies. That's a reality. Now she said, the next hundred years will see what happens. I actually agree with her. We are moving in the West to a femme-centric society. We are moving here in the West to a society where females have more power than men. She said earlier that feminism means we need the same rights. You already have more rights and more laws protecting you than men do. You're already in charge. But if you look at how society is going, if you actually look at the crime rate, you look at the falling birth rate, you look at the fact that most women are completely depressed to can't find a man they love, you look at the fact that everyone's having abortions and running around doing all this crazy shit, I think society is getting worse. And the reason I think it's getting worse, because there's not enough big, strong men around to keep things in line. I think the happiest societies in the world are patriarchal societies. So when we make this point when you're saying, we need to make your-  The circle society hasn't been tried. It's been tried. You all just fucking lost, because it's not competitive. And the second the West becomes fully matriarchal, you're gonna lose to Russia, to China. You're just gonna be out competing and destroyed. That is what's going to happen. That's gonna be matriarchal. Can I have a question from your theory? I know someone wanted to chime something in before we go into another question. Did anyone have anything? Nope, okay, go ahead. No, so from what you're saying, men have always been able to dominate women. That's just always what it's been like. The only time I've ever seen women run stuff is like, I'm future Rama, I can't lie. I'm gonna have to throw this one. And that one. Oh, by the way, real quick guys, yo, we are on YouTube. Only guys we have to kill the Twitch stream. So the lag wouldn't, so what's that lagging? We got over 10,000 y'all in here, man. So thank you so much. We got the likes up. We got the problem though. What, likes are super low, man. Yeah, there are. We got 10k watching. We got 3k likes, Chris. Yeah, 3.4, 3k. Come on, go. Yeah, there's 10,000 you guys on YouTube, man. Like the video, please get us up in the outgo. This great discussion, I'm losing here. I guess 8,000, man. Let's go. And Andrew's about to get drunk as fuck. So guys, I did out there video. All right.  I'm going to get for five hours. I'm going to get part of coming up. Number 18. I'm going to be in. Sorry. Go ahead. You guys are completely fine. It's just like, you know how you're sitting here saying, like, you know, for as long as dawn, like, men have always ran everything. If men have always been running everything, right? And like, everybody is just so comfortable and happy. Why do women feel the need happen? I'm sorry. Like, why do women feel the need to fight for their rights? If everybody's so happy, you are absolutely right. Good question. Like, that's my biggest thing. Okay. Men have always ran things and stuff like that. Okay. Yeah. There are a complicit women. Don't get me wrong. There are women who feel like men should be complacent. Complacing. Yes. I do apologize. You know, there are women who are okay with that. But there are also women. Why do women fight so hard? Because obviously there's some in balances that females feel like is not comfortable. So I could stay here and be like, yeah, the most societies and things like that have been.  and ran by man, but obviously why do women always revolt against it? Because we don't feel like it's equal. We're not happy. We're not happy. Y'all feel happy. But obviously there's a big ass demographic of females who do not feel the same way. That's a good point. And I'm going to, I'm going to answer that because it's pretty much the one. I disagree with you when you say that women are not happy. I, first, I'm not, I'm going to answer why. Okay. I agree with you. Yes. A lot of women are unhappy. And especially firstly, it's new. This is Western world and it's very new. This is the 50 years, 50 years in terms of human history is new. Okay. So, but were you there for the longest period of human history, men were in charge and we're women happy. I don't know what I'm saying now, what I'm saying now is that if you talk about your own personal relationships, which you've already done, you like the idea of a man in a dominant place. So there's still something evolutionary and biological call about females liking male dominance to some degree, right? Because in your personal relationships, you do want that. I'm not saying that women should have no rights.  I'm not saying you shouldn't fight for equal rights. In fact, even though you already have more rights in men, I'm not saying you should do those things. I'm not saying that. What I am only doing is stating the facts that matriarchal societies fail. And I'm stating that because it's been proven throughout history. I'm even talking about the happiness of people. So the point you're making is a valid point. I never discussed whether people were happy. I was discussing competition. I was discussing survival. And in pure survival situations, most of the time nobody's happy. Because let me tell you something, the men who were going out to die to defend their women probably weren't happy either. And you talk about, and you talk about, this is a big point I want to make. Because women confuse this very often. They talk about the fact that men have all the power, men make all the money, men are in charge, and we oppress women. Let me make something very clear to you. Firstly, you're confusing one percent of men with all men. The majority of men have no money, no power, no sex from their wife, no fucking chance in court. They can't even keep their house. They won't get to see their kids, and they don't. So.  Most men, they're life sucks. That's the first thing. The second thing, when a man gets up at four in the morning to go carry garbage to earn a good wage, he ain't thinking, I'm gonna do this so I can oppress that bitch because she's broke. He's doing it thinking so I can provide for my family. So my woman can stay at home and raise my kids and have nice nails while I'm out here carrying trash. You go to a coal mine. Those dudes are not down there thinking about oppressing women. They're down there thinking about providing for women. Now, I'm not saying that there's not bad apples, but in general, us men are prepared to take on more bullshit to protect you than you would possibly believe. And in the modern world, they've spun that. Demonism spun that. Men make all the money. You women need more money because men make the money and men are in charge and men have the good jobs. Men are out here giving up their fucking life for you chicks. They're giving up their life for you. And feminism prevents you respecting it. And this is a Western phenomenon. I say this as a man who lives in the East. In the East, women don't think that way. They think I don't want to make money.  I want a man who takes care of me. I want to drive a Bentley. I want three or four kids. I want the man to make money and I will respect him for working so hard for me. It's only here in the West. They start talking shit saying, well, I deserve that job too. Blah blah blah. It's not even you won't even make you happy. You don't want that job. It's stress is on happiness. It's bullshit. So I agree with what you're saying, but the point about happiness and society, et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. Once again, once again, be very, very careful what you say. And you need to resist a slave mind because as much as you say, as much as you say, you're on happy. I'm unhappy. I'm unhappy. I'm happy. I'm happy making so much. Yeah. I'm really, really, but see what men though, I feel like the reason why it's been so successful. Merch. Merch. Merch. It's so successful is because men like run things off ego, women run things off emotions. I can't lie. That's just what it is. Guys have something to prove. They always want like, I'm better than this. I want to prove this. I want to do this. I want to do that. Girls are like, we gotta be compassionate. We don't want to do war. We don't want to do all this. So obviously men are going to advance faster than women. Don't get me wrong. And that's why exactly. And that's that high key.  because contribute to their success. This is a good demonstration of what that is. How do you feel that? No, it's not. It's a fact. If you look at Scandinavian countries, Jordan Peterson, he talks about this. The women are, that's probably the most equal society in the world. Scandinavian countries. Scandinavian countries. Norway, etc. And what they found is when you leave women to their own devices, they go into what they want to do even more so. The men pick engineering, architecture, etc. Things women go into more social jobs, being a nurse, a teacher, etc. So it's not that women are being held against what they want to do. It's not that. Simply put, if you leave a woman to her own devices, she's almost always going to pick a job that deals with people. If you leave a man to his own devices, it's going to pick a job that deals more with things. And the other thing too, is that men are far more willing to work overtime, work dangerous jobs that women never want to work. You know, women want equality until it's about, you know, doing offshore fishing or offshore drilling or a job that's dangerous or physically labor and technical. Staying on the Titanic. Yeah. You know? Right.  equal now. Oh, okay. I'm gonna do the emotional beings, right? Like because because you're saying like man, everything, you're saying like men push harder. It's not that men push harder or whatever it is. It's not that it's simply put that if if allowed, right, women are going to just I'm just gonna say women pick easier jobs physically. And that's why they get paid less. They work less hours. They're more likely to take vacation time. And this is all statistical fact. Yes. There is no wage gap because of gender. There's a wage gap because of choice. A woman doesn't get paid less by the fact just because she has a vagina. No, she gets paid because of the choices she makes. And let's take it a step further. Over 60% of college and royals are women. Yeah, but women have more college degrees than men now. Why do men still make more money? Because men go into fields that pay more that tend to be science, technology, engineering, and math. STEM women don't want to do that shit pilots, engineers, etc. Like we're discussable for dominated by men. Because men are more willing to do competitive jobs and females, which I technically don't like.  because it's a choice. Yes, it's a choice. And then also it's a biological thing. Men are valued on what they create. Women are not. So women don't have the same burden of performance and incentive to be a high earner. Exactly. They just don't. Men are innately more competitive, etc. So women make less money because of choice. And I think a lot of people like to say, women make less money because we're oppressed or whatever. No, you're not a person. As a matter of fact, I would argue that as a woman, if you try to be an engineer or become a pilot, etc. You get an easy. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're fitting a quota. But only time that argument is valid in my eyes, if you guys are working the exact same field, the exact same job, but you're getting paid differently. If I'm like a little like, you know, daycare person, a year like an MBA player, how can I ever stay here and compare wages? That's ridiculous. But for both waking up at the same time, taking care of children, or like, you know, any job, same exact thing, but you're getting paid more than me, I'm going to have a problem regardless. They actually did that. I know what they found. Women have to...  more and more and see the next. If you look at facts, you can't complain. You can't base off opinions. So it's like I said, it's not that there's because here's a thing. When men make more money, they tend to look, okay, I can raise a family's for my kids. When women make more money, they say, fuck this. I don't need a man. There's a big difference when the gender, when men make money versus when women make money. Women make money to sell them independent, men make money so they can find somebody to be dependent. But money, why do you think, listen, let me tell you this here by being a man. We'll sleep on our boys couch. We don't give a fuck. Why do you think we were buying our money suits and Lamborghini's and mansions for for for dudes for women. For women. We're out here making money to give it all to you. All we want you to do is to be loyal and not have some dude talking Mars, Torres in your ear. It's all we want. It's all we want. It's really not that difficult, right? That's all it is. And I agree with what you're saying. But listen, men have a vault to be competitive. We're a vault to compete with each other. And a man is more prepared. We talk about male CEOs, right?  That's the biggest thing. There's more male CEOs and female CEOs. I'll tell you why, because a man will give up his life to become CEO. A woman still wants to go see her friends, still wants to have kids, she should, because it's more important than a job. She still wants to have a day off, because she's a bit sad. But most men are doing 18 hour days for 15 years. Like, you don't understand the work ethic a man has inside of him. We have an innate desire to conquer Earth. And that's what makes you all great. That's what makes you so great. So it's unfair for us to compare and direct correlation. The biggest arguments we're having on this panel is about direct correlation comparisons. There is no such thing. And there's no such thing. Women have children and do fantastic things that men could never do. And men do fantastic things that women could never do. And the most masculine thing a man can do is accept that women are better at other things. And the most feminine thing a woman can do is accept that men are better than other things. So can you hear that? That's why I asked the pilot question. Because the most feminine woman here would sit and say, I would like a man to fly my plane.  And so Jay sits here and say that it's gaining the ang, she's completely right. The only reason I was making the point that I was making was because as soon as I said that we are equal, I don't know who it was, somebody said, and that's where your problem is. Yeah, I said that. I said that. There is no problem. No, because we are equal, but we both have strengths and weaknesses and they balance one another out. So there are, that means we are unequal. If we're not the same. We're not the same. We need each other. We need each other. You have to have one, we love each other. One that's neither, but better than the other. It's just necessary. Let's all have a dream. What's the most human thing? Let's all cheer. Let's all cheer. Let's all cheer is the 500k. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers. I want to cheer. 500k. I'm not kidding. Okay, I'm done. I'll read this chest and then then we got a video. Oh yeah, we got a video. There's 10,500 you guys in here right now. Like the video, man. I like the goddamn video because we don't even got, I think we just say 5k likes. Guys, I don't want to have to stop. The show, I really don't.  But we will stop the show if we don't get at least 8K likes man. We need 8,000 likes. There's 10,000 you guys and we're only on YouTube We're not up on switch right now. We're not up on Twitter. We're not on Facebook because with the lat it will start a lag So like the video guys because I'm losing hair so hair Ants like cool 25 bucks. She gives her man freedom so she can have hers It's very telling obvious that she hasn't met a man that she has respected yet That's very manipulative way to maneuver loneliness will be her husband hashtag investing chewy kind of food Okay, I actually know the point right here Professor paradox Chris pull up the intruder video. Yeah Really really really quick to do good. I last fresh and fit we were sitting here talking about the exact same things The women were saying they don't want the male pilot and it's not this important and blah blah blah blah blah By coincident some guy who was obsessed with me turns up at the door stores banging the door and screaming my name Every chick shit themselves and ran out to the balcony while I had to go and fucking talk to some dude I had a fucking fire on by myself. There's no big strong independent equal women when the gun  I'm not funny. It's not funny. I would have been. It's not funny. Who is it? Who is it? I'm not funny. Unless this is what I'm saying. She's not right. This is what I'm saying. This is what I'm saying. You need to, and this is genuine advice, right? I may be a crazy old man lives in Romania, whatever, whatever. This is genuine advice. Your happiness as an individual, your happiness is a female for the rest of your human life, seriously, seriously revolves on your resisting the slave mind. Because in the West, they are trying very hard to convince you to act in a way which is going to do nothing, but detriment your chance of having a successful relationship on a happy family. Forever. They are trying to make you act in a way which is going to make every man repulsed by you and your history. The smartest thing you can do is, was this all of that shit. You need to throw it away. I need to go back to the basics of human imperative. And the basis of human imperative, isn't this city girl summer? It's not running around taking a bunch of dicks. It's not saying I'm smarter than a man. Don't need no man. It's not saying I can do that. Just as good as him. It's just saying, you know what? Baby, you parked the car. You're the man. You're in charge. I love you.  I'm here for you. I'm right or die. That's it. The sooner you get to that shit, the happier you're gonna fucking be. What can I ask? What is the reciprocate to that? What is what is what is what's looking at all the whole fuck the podcast? We're talking with pop view. It's like qualification. So my thing is like why are you Sorry, sorry, I'm sorry. Mr. T. Last time they said in a panic situation they were lying women more than men. It's panic happened They were all in the balcony as I remember. Yeah, those two times it happened the first time we'll take was here in another time And yeah, you know it is men angel credit in your 100 dollars a little late But congrats on the 500k subs guys y'all changed my life and forever grateful shout out to Andrew T Thank you so much. Andrew Curtis and that was 100 bucks. So thank you for that I think a seal 20 bucks blue top arguing argue you are bringing up points that are irrelevant to the conversation the  Yeah, baby No, I'm not arguing I have nothing to argue about Okay, all right. Well, good on land to rewind the show back a little bit. Okay, our said India rupees 200 and your days ultimate GI would totally risk getting kicked the shit out of me to have a 101 Cabo with him for a reality check that's cool And then we got G T fit question for the ladies how many of you believe that there is a pay gap congrats to find okay We covered nothing so anymore 50k Sorry Joshua Kimber find our 50 dollars black girl two spots from fresh just admit you feel safe with a man Not domination of the field if a male and female had the same amount of flight experience you will still pick a man All you guys are full of cap then I not pick a female man. I'm confused I think you were kind of wavering in it you're saying like man Sean more 20 bucks. I don't recall fast switch muscle. It's what gives big cats They're huge strength and lightning fast reflexes men have more of this muscle than women which makes men stronger and Reactor faster yep, K. R. Z. E. Congrats on a 500 KF and have team all of your grinders felt throughout the cyberspace I know that 500 K party  throw will be epic. Brother darkness fresh. When you have time, I've sent you a message on your Instagram brother darkness. Brother darkness. Brother darkness. Brother darkness. Just pull up in the lab. I'm in the bed. I'm in the bed. That was out of the game. Why do women excel in school? But there are no female chess grandmasters. When you end the elements of competition and pressure and anything, not just memorization and obedience, men excel in all facets. That's true. Dominant, because women do do better than boys in like school when they got to sit down and you know, behave and you know all that of the shit. With all of your freedom, the women on the panel still choose to make a living based on their looks. All y'all models are kept. You far free quality. Use your freedom to buy makeup, clothes, hair products and become more general. Yeah. Yeah. Electoral vaccine. 20 bucks. Detroit. A matriarchy. Okay. Yes. We're on the music of the box. Congrats. F&F family on five decades of shout to take. Don't be a hashtag. Don't be a slave. Thanks. I love 20 bucks. HNC is true that we are moving into a fem centric society in the future. In Islam, this was prophesized.  14 hundred years ago that the Jal is coming. Shout out to take real G. I'll see you in Saudi. My G. I'm out. Real specs 815 congrats on hitting 500 K gentlemen shout out to Mr. T for dropping truth bombs raise a glass gentleman salute. Okay, 20 bucks congrats on F and F. And F. Find your K F and F. Bless fam. Take number one. I'll join your war room. If I can study underneath you personally, what you do. And the number two, do you have ADHD? And the number three, we lost hierarchy and never develop your minor pieces before your pawns. Okay. And then the last two right here, J. Martin, I'm an attorney in the Southern US. We live in the most litigious litigious society on earth. People sue for McDonald's making them fat. Can you tell me why I'm not seeing countless lawsuits by when for employment discrimination? The wage gap is a fallous, a fallacious agreement. Yeah. Okay. A focus argument. Sorry. Maybe I pronounced that wrong. Okay. And then spider fang 5,000 25 bucks grown blue. It just lost at this point. Can't save everyone. You could tell her brain circuits resisting every logic. Her must not agree cannot let the man win brain start short search.  You got something that blue? My name's not blue. It's Jade. So I'll make you wear them blue, but it's Jade. Yeah, but guys already care Thanks to the top and I like all right. What's your room blue? Yeah, do you have anything you have anything to say back to that guy? I mean, there's no point in trying to make sense of nonsense Damn, we're trying that all day. All right. We place living experiment accountless egg. So who actually gives life? All right, cool and then 100,000 you guys we're gonna go 50 and up from this point forward and then Angel Cardinius. Thank you so much. Sheerus and your tape is this the first time the girl in blue has heard men talk like this question Is that no, did you have like debates with them like this as well? I wouldn't really necessarily consider it Debate I actually enjoy hearing the opinions of you guys. I really do With all the Specials presented no, I really do because I Understand that we all have different purposes and we'll have different ambitions and wants to need so whatever you want  I don't think that you're wrong for whatever you want or what you need. And what you believe, I totally respect it. And what I want, and I believe, obviously, I'm biased, I love and I respect it. I don't think that there's anything wrong with it. I just enjoy hearing about it and I think it's tight. And I think that there are people that probably tune in and they wholeheartedly love and agree with whatever you're speaking on. And then there may be, you know, because this is your audience. This is a more men-based audience that love and follow you. We have a little one. So there might be some people that are like, she's weird, but I actually kind of do feel what she's saying. And I think that that's just the cool thing about being able to speak freely. So I don't think that, you know, I don't think there's anything wrong with it. I just have one thing that I'm going to respectfully disagree with you on. We were stating facts. It's not really an opinion when it's fact. Like if we say something like, hey, well, men dominate this and since the beginning of time, men have been leaders and, you know, women aren't really capable of physically, you know, beating a man and, you know, we have fast reactions, times, etc. We stayed a lot of facts. We're not going to sit here and give you guys opinions because we understand that our  Views might be controversial, but it's it's biologically true. What we've been telling you guys are far away. I do agree that side. Yes. So, um, okay. And then we got a video. Reactor. Right. Yeah. Okay. And then after we react to the video. Just get out of curiosity for the ladies. Do you think it's easy to get girls as a guy? I don't think it's easy. No. It depends. No. I think it depends. Okay, because you were saying like you could help the guys also will see. All right. What about you? I don't know. Okay. You think it is. All right. Probably no. You know, you said no. Okay. All right. Sorry, I'm on. What's up for you? What? Here you go. Biking. Okay. I think the. Oh, biking. Yeah. It's not connected. Viking. It's not connected. All right. Yep. Let's go ahead. But thank you for the for the for the tip.  I'll double check after but yeah the internet is good now All right, okay, so what's telling about this video fresh? All right, so this video covers how long should a guy last? And we talked about what what what men want what guys want so go to more detail regarding The sexual side and cover this for this interview for the T-Pencil real quick You can play yeah, but listen, I tell you I know you're probably getting it all the time They probably bought players. How long do you think you can be honest a gosh at last 30 minutes 30 That's good everything Hour yeah, it's an hour What's the shortest head We don't What experience what? It happens to people have little It's like I volunteer Like right now The house that you from the bottom bottom forever How long do you  a guy should let. 10 minutes. Oh, strong minutes. 10 strong minutes. No, I agree. 10 minutes. 10 or 5 minutes. 5 minutes. I was talking about this. What's your time up? I should come first. 10 minutes. You're supposed to bust the bus back. I'm sitting. Are you from Sydney? I can't just be chill. I'm going to put a street back. How long do you think a guy should last? 40 minutes. 40 minutes. Is that including like everything? Yes. We're playing off. Yeah. Cool. 40. How long has the guy like the longest a guy has lasted? A hour and 40. A hour 40. Well, you like all right, man. Right? This up. That's pretty. That's the long end time. Yeah. Literallyliyor border, where? sides. Will you subscribe? What no thank you guys here. At what time beach you are. You're gonna literally Alec in London? That's a lot of people. Doesn't meanSUBM Station has Station campus. Is that new? That's like the first time there is construction? Yes. We don't really know. Where do you find this? This area is busy.  No, she's no. Damn. I'm from Dallas, Texas. I live in Atlanta. Why are you by Moody Atlanta? Because there's black people. I don't talk about black people. Yeah, they are. So how long do you think a guy should last? 30 minutes. That's everything. The longest of guys by so much. I don't know, like an hour or two. Is that too much? Would you like to go grab a bottle? Yeah, that was too much. She's a shy girl. I mean, you even have a chance after that? No. No, she was so quick. I'm like, look. Hey, quick, and a mission to the video. I just want to tell you. She's hilarious. Give a little bit. She's a little hiccup. Oh, no. She didn't say it in treadmill, man. Oh, bro. No, come on. Don't worry. What? Body shaming is a good thing. Is a good thing. Why so? Body shaming? Yeah. Why would you agree with that? It's 100% a good thing. Why? Because you're in control of every morsel of food and every calorie that goes into your body. So if you're fat, it's your fault. And that's their personal choice. Why do you feel the...  needs a body shamed them. Uh, because, okay. An accident for a man. Right. If a man's a loser, and lose with his mom, and smoke sweet every day, right? No, but I'm trying to give you a comparison. Okay. Okay. That man is effectively failed at his job as a man, right? He's, he's not producing anything. So it's okay. And social acceptance would call that man a loser. But we don't run around and say, Hey, financial acceptance. God damn it. Just because I live with my mom and I'm a loser. I'm still a king, baby. I'm dreaming like a king. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And all my boys are happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You spoke that pot. Well, fair. Yeah. You spoke to the server, baddie. No, but we run around and let fat bitches say, Hey, body positivity. You're beautiful no matter what your curves, your curves, girl. You go, girl. No, that's bullshit. But genetic. The thicker that you are, the more able you are to carry a child. Can I call you more fertile? You would be the more able that you would be able to care for that child. Once you give birth to actually breastfeed that takes so much energy to produce, to not only live for yourself, but a-  child. So that is why women are genetically thicker, curvy or able to hormone for sure, but there's a difference between being curvy and facts. So we're talking about body shaming, right? So like my thing about it is like you like everybody, man and women. No, of course, if someone decides to be like as chunky as they want to skinny as they want that's their personal choice, but it's just like, why do you look at them and be like, I'm a call you fat, I'm a call you skinny, like what makes you feel like you have them right? I'll tell you right now, because if a man's a bum, a loser of those mom, etc, you should call him a loser and a failure. A woman, if you're fat, you failed your only job. It's supposed to be pretty God damn it. That's your main agency. So how about the men who feel like fat women are beautiful? Because there are cultures who feel like figure women are more. Yeah, that's true. Okay, listen, here's the reality. Okay. And Western guys. Yeah, and that's a Western kind of society concept number one. And then number two, if you give a guy that says, our light fat bitches, no, he doesn't. The reality is I only deal with fat bitches because I can't get baddies. Get that guy a blue check to nine dollars.  Lamborghini and a mansion, he ain't fucking no more fat bitches. He's gonna get the hot girls. Men say they like what they're capable of attracting to cope. That's what it is. Any guy that has options is not going to sit there and bang a fat chick or if he does maybe on a slow Tuesday, but he ain't got a wife for it because the woman that you're with says a lot about yourself. So my thing is this. I body shame both men and women. Last I check you guys wanted equality. She's again, it right now. Fat bitch or fat dude, it's unacceptable. And as a woman, I'll take it a step further. If you're a fat woman, you failed. You're the equivalent to a guy that's a loser that does not provide any value to society because a woman's primary agency, whether women want to accept it or not, is your beauty. There's a reason why the makeup industry, hair salon industry, nail industry will never, ever go out of business because women know on a deep level that their looks define their value. You guys are a big reason the fashion industry exists in the first place because you know your looks are what is critical for you to be able to secure the best  that you can get. So can you agree with me? Based off as a Eurocentric like beauty standard though. Oh no. But it's also objective. Everything is subjective. A lot of things in the Western civilization. Yes. So can you agree that like like for example so for the magazine. So for those who know we're supposed to do our makeup. Like we're supposed to have our bodies. The BBL beauty is based on a white man. Okay. I was trying not to jump in and my wrong was laying down. I was trying not to jump in. I heard the word Eurocentric. Andrew go ahead. You have extensively experienced in Europe. But when you don't listen you don't learn. So you might not have that experience because you yourself. I see that you are a white man. So you may not have that. Actually, they're wrong. Can you can you go to picture? Yes. Can you go to picture? White skin. Can you put? He is a man. So can you put picture? Can you do a golden picture? My father on the screen. Yes, man. I'm sure you're right. I'm in straight. So I'm half black and half white. So you can't give me the whole race. Audrey, white man, garbage. That's your only.  you can't do that to me. And the whole thing, you're a centric bull shit. Listen to me. Listen to me. We have. Listen, so because you just failed on step one. By identifying me incorrectly. So, I'm not knowing you. I don't know you. Of course you don't know me, so you're asked, there you go. I don't know you, so I'm guessing you failed. So, you did the same thing earlier to me. How? In which area have I once failed? We can't run it back to the first 10 minutes. You don't want to run this, can't you back? Because when you run it back, you're gonna see you still get smoked the whole way. So listen to my deal. Listen. The reason I agree, curvy is a good thing. I agree that women need more body fat to have children. I agree. We're not talking about curvy women. Listen, I love a curvy chick. We're not talking about curvy women. We're talking about obese females. And the reason that there's nothing wrong with talking about obesity, whether male or female, is because there is a genetic disadvantage to being obese. Male or female, right? You don't want no fat, man, some really fat dude. You don't want no fat son. The same reason. What my room does very cleverly on this podcast is he.  tells the truth in a way that females have never heard. And because they've never heard it, they get instantly angry. But what you need to do is, you know the words I'm about to say, resist to slave mind. So wait, wait. Wait. You know what? You need to take a leap, you know what? You need to take a leap, you go, you work fast. And chill. Chill. Chill. You wait fat. Not a you are fat. So don't worry about it. Chill. If I was fat, I'd let me tell you another thing. Let me tell you another really important thing. The reason body shaming to a degree is important. I'll tell you another really important thing. And is that, yeah, let her go. It's my father, chess grandmaster. Yes, I heard you earlier. Yeah, I should fall there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, he was. Just master. It's a little while. It's a little while. It's a little while. So let me tell you another point. Yeah, go ahead. I live in Romania, correct? Yes. In Romania, you see literally zero fat people. And the reason for that is because it's not socially acceptable. Fat shaming works to the point where people will...  just for vanity. And I'll tell you that I live in a society where there's no obese people. I'll go in the club. You will not see a single female whose body isn't bad head to toe. Why? Because it's only socially acceptable to be that way. So as much as we hate on body shaming, once again, the eccentric mind view when myron says something, you think only women get body shamed. You think, you think, dude, if you work hard, you can always have a good body. If you're a born short as a dude, you see them all here in the chat having breakdowns. You are more ruthless. You are more ruthless on dudes, right? Men, men grow up looking at he man and women grow up looking at Barbie and women are gonna be like, all they expect me to be like Barbie is Eurocentric. A, a, a, a, a, crying their eyes out. I don't cry my eyes out. It would expect you to be like he man. What I do is I get some guns and I end up like fucking he man. I do my job. So there's another new zero centricity. That's bullshit. That's slave mind garbage. Feminist racist garbage crap that's been put in your brain.  that you need to resist absolutely. Nothing to do with Eurocentrism. It's bullshit, it's garbage. Thanks. You need to resist that kind of shit. I'm telling you, the problems with the world today are very, very specific. And I state this without patronizing you. I don't wanna patronize you. I'm an old man, I've been around the block. The problems in the world today exist because the people who are in charge of the world have done a very, very clever thing. They've specifically designed the world in which away that the people at the bottom, because we're all at the bottom, even me with all my millions, right? The people at the bottom are so busy fighting with each other that we never look up and realize we're getting fucked. And the reason they do that, the blacks hate the whites, Republicans hate the Democrats, the men hate the women. Eurocentric, he said this, you don't have pay gap. Blah, blah, blah. It's all slave mind shit to keep us all fighting amongst each other. Do you think when a billionaire who's black meets a billionaire who's white, they talk about race? No, no, no. You think a white, you think a female billionaire or a male billionaire meet, they start talking.  but Euro centrosism, feminist fucking garbage, no. Stop buying into that shit. It's a fucking trick and it's a fucking lie. All of it, throw it away, throw it the fuck away. If you wanna be attractive as a female, you know what you need to do. You need to go to the fucking gym. And just because my wrong set it, just because my wrong set it. You need to be smart enough. You need to be smart enough to not let yourself get triggered by the fact that he just said something you're not used to hearing. That's all it is. That's all it is. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. How is day and age criticizing women is considered almost a crime or massaging a stick or whatever. No, it's not massaging. A stick is realistic. If you're an obese woman, you're going to significantly reduce your ability to find a high quality man because men, whether they tell you to your face like I'm doing right now or they don't, we don't like fat bitches. Just like you guys don't want fat men that are losers et cetera if anything, men have a way smaller requirement less than women. Hey, be pleasant, be attractive, wishing tales not being fed by the way. And that's it. For a man you want to be in shape, tall, have money et cetera, If I say no fat bitches!  when I bring all this to the table, oh my God. Massage, you know what I'm saying? Like, and it's not like that, it's just that if a man works at some point, he doesn't want to have a feck or else just that he's never going to tell you that because if you criticize woman, it's immediately met with some kind of contempt. And I get what you're saying with the Eurocentric, whatever. Listen, there's a beauty standard that is universally attractive to a majority of men all over the world, you know what I'm saying? And just like there's a beauty standard that is attractive to women from men across the world. And here's the thing, actually there's studies on this. Women are far more selective on the male body type than men are with the female body type. Women universally have liked the same archetype of man when it comes to look and they've been far more selective about it. 1.6 shoulder to waist ratio and muscular development to a certain degree. The Abrochromian Fitch model is far harder to attain as a man than just being somewhat in shape and not being fat as a woman. You don't have to do much to be in shape. The average woman in the United States, this is fact, 5 foot 3 or no, 5 or 5, 175 pounds. That's bad as fuck.  I don't care what anybody says. That's damn near. Okay. Go ahead. So, go ahead. Go ahead. So being that this is my field, I'm 5'4'1'70". You know, but mind you, or body composition is different. Yeah. I agree. Take that and put it on yourself. You've got big. Just to let you know. It's make you ready. I do. I absolutely agree that like my audience, like, well, my client, they are overweight. And majority of them, we cannot lie. They're the one that's doing the quick fad, the quick diet, the quick, all of that. They come to me all the time. My audience is our moms. My audience are women that didn't have children, younger women in me. I'm 32. Two children. And they're like, how can I stay curvy and still in shape? Rocky trained me. You know what I'm saying? So it's, I understand the body shape and to a degree, people will play in pretend and act like they're okay. No.  You don't feel good, breed, and heavy going up the stairs. You got to think of the the fat around your organs. Like you trying to live a good life or a painful life. You think working out is hard. Try being sick. You know what's amazing? That's harder. It's going to be good. She's right. She's right. And you know, you know what's amazing. It's so amazing because we talk about body positivity to protect the, protect females. Nobody talks about it to protect men. Yeah. And it's actually amazing. You nailed it, right? And make sure life harder. And I kind of feel like sometimes if a woman puts on a bit of weight or friends or so busy giving her body positivity, let me tell you what, let me tell you what happened to buy by a shape. My brother would be like, what the fuck? You're a fat fuck. You used to be the man. You were hurt, Jelise. Why, why'd you let it all slip? And, and there's nothing wrong with accountability. There's nothing wrong. And it's not fair. What it's not fair to do is to make fun of something they cannot change. It's not fair to judge someone by their skin color. It's certainly not fair to judge a man by his height, but you all do it. It's not fair. But it is fair to judge somebody by their own personal choices, which they can definitely affect if they so choose. Because that says...  a lot about their personality as a whole. I'll tell you something now that's gonna sound crazy. So put it all over the fucking internet, make me go viral. I don't do business with fat fuckers. I'm talking about men. If I sit down with a fat guy, I don't do business with him. Cause I, no, I assume he's lazy. I assume he's lazy. I will sit there with him and say, you know what? You're sitting here, you want $7 million on my money and you came and hit a fucking treadmill? No, no, I won't do it. Now that's my personal choices, my money. I get to do whatever I want, right? But my point is you are a shopfront and what you decide to show to the world is a shopfront. I get away with the shit I get away with, even saying the things I say is cause I'm big and strong. If I'm some little bitch, none of you would be listening to me, right? So that's the world. So if you decide as a man, let's forget the woman thing. As a man, I'm gonna be fucking morbidly obese. I'm not gonna take you seriously in that business meeting. That is your fucking choice. That's your choice. And he's right. The way you do one thing is how you do everything. So if you can't control what you put in your mouth. Let's go baby. I like the button. I can't see it, but there's a big difference between constructive criticism.  And bullying I just don't get my only thing You don't have to be mean You know We have a same straight lady ladies one piece of that time guys, so Hargory with each other. We're winning Bullying and constructive criticism whatever listen man if you really really think about it bullying is constructive criticism It's just you know with a funny connotation Bullying is good bullying is good like men need to get people need to get bullied because it lets you know I'm doing something incorrectly and a lot of times when you get bullied there's some things that you can change man Granted if you're ugly as how it is what it is But a lot of times when you're bullied for being fat or ugly or weird or whatever it is is something that you can approve man So I think bullying is good when I was a kid I got bullied and it forced me to change I think you can either sit there cry or change and I'll ask the girls a genuine question Is a genuine question please please correct me because if I know something And if I don't I don't right so I don't know the answer to this do you think that men are bullied more than women?  I think they are, but I'm not sure. I think that women, yeah, you can be snarky. Yeah, you have certain. You certainly have beauty expectations, but I think on a whole in terms of like physical actual bullying. I think men are bullied more on average. I think maybe I don't know, but please please please. I think physically yeah, men would be more bullied. We'll start right here. Men are women. To the mic. To the mic. To the mic. To the mic. Men. I don't know. To be honest. I don't know. Yeah, I'm not sure. I don't know. To be honest. Yeah, I'm not sure. I feel like the whole body thing on a woman is harder. But when you're harder on themselves as well, like, you bully each other as well. I'm not sure. So. I think that the standard and the bullying on women is very, very hard. And I know. I've seen it. I've experienced it. I can't speak to men because I haven't seen it or experienced it. For a. Question out of curiosity. The bullying that you've witnessed. Was it to the woman's face?  It was to me. It was you. Yeah. Okay. For what? Being fat? No, I wasn't fat, but I grew up in a very like white city basically. So I was the only person with dark skin, curvy body, you know dark brown eyes, curly hair, and it was just I'm normal. It wasn't cute. It wasn't what was hot. Growing up. So all right. I think like on social media, women more maybe like in like high school or like middle school men. So you think on internet women get bullied more? Yeah. Okay. And then for you as a whole outside of your own personal experience, who do you think gets bullied more? That was a question. No, no, no, you. I know you said you said. I can't speak to men because I actually don't know. I can only speak for myself on that one. Okay. So you do. Okay. I'm in high school. I remember being bullied because I like I was always still curvy at the time. Imagine 9th grade 150, but again, I played sports. Yeah. So the body compass.  is different, you know? But I feel like in my adult life, I feel like, yeah, men are definitely believed for height, for hairlines, for genital sizes, for car. All of that pocket size. So I feel like it's definitely harder. Thanks, Milwaukee. I think like women, I think they're more like getting bullied like mean. They can be really mean like younger. But in general, I'd say men are more believed like about everything that their their size or height, what they have their money, everything. Yeah, definitely men. See, I still feel like women get bullied more like women like women, bash other women men can like say here like clon each other like dog each. I'm sorry. Say here and dog each other. And like that's still my bro. Women can do the same one thing like we are so emotional. We'll feel like, oh my God, you're attacking me as a person. Instead of just being like, it's all games and jokes. But men like, I feel like they handle a little bit better. So that's why I feel like women are bullied more than  Good point. No, no. I actually believe that men get bullied a little bit more being like on social media. Like a woman can be like, let's say woman is a little bit overweight, then I'm like, five positive, everything. But then like, if it's like a guy's post, then women can kind of be like, oh my God, I guess he's so fat or like men will say too. And it's like on that note really. And in my view, I asked you girls, because I didn't know for sure. But in my view, I think that men are believed more. And I think overall for the masculine imperative, like you just said, men can accept bullying and actually sit there and go, you know what? He's right, because we don't get emotional about it. I think that bullying is a fantastic way to keep a lot of men in check. I know amazing men who are bullied. I really do know how angry and who are bullied. Some of them, I'm a professional fighter, right? Four-time kickboxing will champion. 87 fights. So I've been around. And I was never bullied. But I knew a guy who was an animal in the cage, an animal. I saw, he put a guy in a wheelchair. I was fucking crazy. And I said, what made you fight? Because I used to bully me.  So like some of the best men in the world have been bullied. Some of the most crazy dudes you'll meet, the guys you'll respect the most have been bullied. And I think in the masculine world, bullying is almost already a good thing in some ways. I think in the women world it's slightly different because you're right. You can post something and be a little bit overweight and you'll have some female support. Men don't really stick up for men like that. We're like, oh fuck you. Can I be like that? But I don't know. I'm not saying that men do get bullied more than women. I don't know. No, of course. For example, you've been a fighter, right? Backtrack when I did sports, I used to wait lifting or wrestling. You like straight up, no one tried you. For me, they're like, oh my god, you're so broad. Like, oh my god, you're so muscular. Oh, like I get so much negative connotations because like, yeah, it's you fight and I'm fighting. Trust me, undefeated, all this, whatever. For me, like other women's look at me, like you're so masculine. You're so this, you're so that like getting like tore down. I'll say yeah, I'll say exactly. But for a man, they're like, yeah, no one tried my shit. Like I was that, you know? And that's why I feel like, yeah, I like men could take it, but like for women, women are so much more.  because women love to project. That's one thing I've realized growing up. Women have their own insecurities and look at other women and be like, you're too, like, rating, you're too beautiful. I'm gonna tear you down just because I don't feel secure myself, men. They'll look at you and be like, you're a dumbass. I'm gonna tell you what you are. And that's just what it is. And you're just gonna accept it. Which is why women like guy friends because of that same. Exactly. And I completely agree with everybody's viewpoints on this panel. That's why it's so good. No, exactly what she said about women being judgy in a way like women will come to me like, Rocky, I just want to tone. I'm not trying to be big. Baby girl, I'm not manly. Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like I'm lifting freaking 400 and it's 5, 350. And you're not gonna get big unless you're trying to do it purposely. Are you juicing? Is that your goal? Like they'll look at, you know, competitors, baby, they have to dehydrate. They have to get that weight on purpose. They're taking a pill before the show to dehydrate them even more. They're drinking wine.  before they get on stage to dehydrate and even warm. So they feel like that's what you're going to look like. And I'm like, no, you're not. You're right. Relax. You don't have that much testosterone in you. I'm missing the seat in the mental state. You know, I'm saying you have to get that way purposely. So it's tough. But it's tough for men and women in different ways. It's tough. I think that in part of women's development, there's certainly a degree of bullying and it probably inspires you to a degree. I think in men's development, I'm guessing, and man's development is certainly true. I think of the boys or the boys or the men I know who worked bullied. You know, you know, it's crazy. In school, all the kids who were like cool and never got picked on and bullied, they're all losers now. I agree. Do you agree with me? I agree. The boys who had no desire to compete ended up just being losers. All the cool kids are losers, right? But then you have all the geeks who got picked on. He's a tech billionaire. You got this guy, that guy, this guy, me personally, I was never really picked on, but because I was American in English school, I got in four or five fights. I did.  even lose, but I still I need to go learn how to fucking do this right. I mean, we called me, we called me the one too. I worked out my own little tactic because in England, you have school uniforms and you have to wear a tie. So what you do is you grab the tie and you get your fingers inside the tie, you twist it up, right? And once you got the tie, you'd whack, whack to the teacher comes. So the tie tiger. So I worked out my tactic. But the point is this, if I didn't go through that shit, would I even become a world champion? No, this is the thing. So development, it's development. So there's a lot of negative talk of trauma in the world. But I think especially for being a man, a man without trauma ain't shit. All the things you guys want in a man, everything you're looking for comes from a man experiencing trauma. You're never going to find a man who's out here ready to take on a guy with a gun unless he's been through some shit. You're not going to find some dude who had a nice easy life who's now ready to lay it down. It's not real. So as a man, trauma is super important.  and body shaming the shit, we give it to each other all day. So it's kind of like, I really think it's a positive thing. If my son was getting bullied, I'd be like, well, what they're picking on you for? Oh, look like a geek. Will you do look like a geek? I can't. I'm kind of jealous. I mean, can you do that? I'm very jealous of that. I mean, I don't think you're jealous of that because not really. Women are born with value. Men must create their value. It was see like men could stay here and like, y'all could be so honest with each other. Like, you know, you're fucking up. You're doing his dumb shippled wall. But y'all could stay here and be friends after women are so, like, at least the women I've met personally, let me not channel. Wait, wait, are you saying that you can't be honest with women? Exactly. No, I can't. Honestly, honestly, if we're going to be very honest, sometimes you can't, because I sure can't be honest with them. Men can be very, yeah, men can be more blunt than women, because women get to be very, like, get some stand. You got to be on that. Exactly. Men could be like, you're doing this. It is what it is. We're still cool, though. Women's like, why are you saying? Let's say guys, let's start. Sorry, sorry. This is these to be the longest episode ever. What's your record? Because I'm having too much fun. Oh, no.  Okay, we're still Here's a minute because we still got to I trust somebody's girls think it's easy to get guys I still want to see I still want to put you guys in a Cranery I don't know if you get into it and then we do the thing All right, so I read these shots real quick All right, we got and we got a DJ academics in the house as well By the way Oh, come on That makes So we got here 25 bucks time chat. I'm black from Africa and we do not do obese It is unhealthy to be obese and it's funny the chicks that say it's okay ain't trying to be obese facts That's true grow my blue oh my gosh. Why a holy water time okay? Okay spider-fing oh no, we're going 50 and up Chris sure Uh and guys is just so that we can get the show going intro credinious take hit the nail right on the head 50 bucks Thank you so much, Eddo  uh coach great hitter in the house and see the hell are going to get a coach great yeah coach great Adams congratulations on 500k thank you so much coach bro most subscribers to ZZR Channel uh like his guide them videos also go subscribe to uh uh free free agent lifestyle and go get his book the evolution which talks about you know the evolution of uh what's your society thanks to feminism and also go read his book free agent lifestyle okay go get it shout out to our man coach great guy he's a good man and he's a real one we we stand by and 1,000 percent go get his books and subscribe to ZZR channel we're talking about another tab coach great on the subscribe to his channel get us a 200k that's where man anybody else know we go all right we're caught up all right so now we're going to play a game lady so we're going to game now who wants to go first here because we got a split game yeah all right when I'm being honest with women that's why I say to them on the first date I sit down so I need to be honest with you I told I heard this on a podcast where you take the truth all right so we're going to start with Miss Blue okay protection  a.k. blue, but anyway, so you said that you have a podcast you give games to girls and guys and you help guys get girls as well. So here's the scenario. You're a guy who have one week to get laid. I want to see how you would go about getting laid. So what would you do if I were a guy? Yes. If I were a guy, I will be the girl. I'm going to give you very probable responses. Hold on. So where would you meet me? No, no, I have a question. It's one girl or it's multiple girls and the goal is to get laid or get laid by one girl. Get laid by one girl. Get laid by one girl. All right. You're a guy for a week. All right, but I can't choose outside of that one girl. No, no, you put this scenario. He's a girl. Are you going to talk to you? Regardless of the scenario, I'm just going to act it out for you. You could pick it up. No, because you pick at the beach. You could pick wherever my my attempt if this were the situation is I would be let's say I'm quirky. Let's say I'm weird as fuck. Let's say I'm funny. Let's say I'm an asshole.  like I'm doing all this right? Just say my name. Just say my name. No, we want to see how you would go about it. So, so you're a guy, you know, your name is now J. Doh. J. Doh. J. Doh. Now you got to go ahead and get a girl. What are you going to do? Are you going to go to the nightclub? Are you going to go to the beach? Or what scenario are you going to meet the woman? Go ahead. Um, I would probably ask around through my friends first. If they know anybody that would be, you know, like somebody that's kind of interested in somebody like me, somebody that can reference. Like this person is similar to you and they have similar interests as you do. So you're going to rely on your social circle. Yeah. To help you find a girl. Uh, am I trying to fuck her? Am I trying to, you're trying to fuck? You have a week? Just trying to fuck? Yes. Okay. So if I'm just trying to fuck, then I'll go on Instagram. Okay. You want Instagram? Perfect. What are you going to do? On Instagram, I would probably DM, let's say, 50 to 100 girls that I think are really what would you say? I would ask them something to get to know.  slightly who they are just okay I need to know exactly what you're going to do not or something maybe I would say something all right you put it on the spot I'm trying to think fashion hold on okay I've never been a guy before so I gotta think all right so I want to see all right so I'll probably come on now there's no struggle okay this is actually what I would do I would look through the girls Instagrams and I would narrow through and find the ones that peak my interest the most based on not only what they look like face attributes whatever it is that I'm interested in but also what they're posting about so if it's a girl and she looks like she's just trying to fuck like I'm really trying to fuck all right I'm gonna hit you up all right what do you say hey or are you in my city or let's kick it sometime or let's get on FaceTime let's do something like I'm the girl you say so what's your message  I love you. I love you. No, no, give me exactly what you would say. Exactly what I would say. I would send a puzzle piece. A puzzle piece. Yep. Okay, I respond with a question mark. Now what? I'm trying to figure you out. Okay. And then I like it. What you got to do now. I like your comment. I just double tap it. That's it. What you got to do. Then I would move on to the next one. Okay. You move on to the next row and you're going to just keep sending that puzzle piece over and over and over. Yeah. Okay. Let's say a girl actually finds your attractive. I'll be the girl. Okay. And I say, oh, hey, and you give me the puzzle piece, right? And I say, oh, that's cute. Now what are you going to say? I mean, like, I was sort of conversation asking you. What would you say exactly? What? How are you? How is your day? How is your life? How is your life? I'm doing good. I'm doing good period. So dry. Well, going to be on a guy. What are you going to do now? Good. You're experienced. No, it's true.  This is the most senseless experience. Do you understand this point? No, I'm asking. I'm just asking. I'm not just asking. You understand that? I'm just asking. I'll make it very easy for you. The best guys in the world close less than 10% of the girls they talk to. So in other words, they talk to 100 women. They have sex with maybe 10. That's top of the world elite. OK. So that's what it is. So I just say, thank you, period, or whatever. Now what are you going to do now? OK. Then I would say, where are you at? Like, where do you stay? Where are you from? What about you? If I'm in LA, I'll be like, me. No, I'm in LA. You're in Miami. Oh. Do you come to Miami often or when was the last time you were in Miami? Oh, it's fun. I've been there in a year. OK. One is the next time you're going to be there. It depends. It's kind of expensive. So I'm not sure. I got to check on my friends. OK. Wait, check on your friends. What does that mean? I'm going to go out on my girls. I'm going to go on my girls there again. When is that going to be? A few months. I don't know. OK. What if there's a new.  years is coming up. What if you and all your friends wanted to come out? Okay. I mean, I got to talk to them and stuff, but it's kind of expensive. Well, I could get you and your girls all flight. I could get you guys all your condo, a hotel room for everybody to stay in. You would all be covered. Oh, shit. It's okay. Oh, big bum. Yeah. You would all be covered. And I'm going to have a party. So would you guys like to come? Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. So you're going to get our stuff for us. Cool. When do you want us to come down? New year's Eve? Probably the day before just to be safe in case flights are full or facilities. Here's my here's my cash shop. No, I'll book it for you. You want my name? You want my name and birthday? Yeah. I don't feel comfortable giving that over Instagram. I don't know you that well. Okay, then I'll give you whatever it is and let me know when you land. Okay, send cash up to here. Okay. And you're never going to get a response again. Congratulations.  I didn't play myself. Can I be honest? Congratulations, you played yourself. And you're the hardest guy man. These are very horrible. And how do you experience that? I'm a little sorry. I'm a little I'm asking because I'm genuinely curious. Because I have not experienced that. Women have tried that on me. I didn't actually send the money ever, but this is what you deal with when you deal with a lot of women. OK, so if that were the situation, and she was like, I'm not comfortable with that. I would say, OK, let me get back to you. Maybe try the next one. Same thing. OK, so you would. Until somebody sends their information, and then you get them in the city, you get to hang out. You know how you know, you know, I'm the girls you'd have to talk to to make that happen though. I don't know. You have to talk to me. Do you know how many guys we have to talk to in order to find somebody that we're actually interested in and have a senior in connection with? Selecting from a large pool is a privilege and a convenience versus going out and having to initiate your own contact with women. Thank you. It's not a 100% money. Selecting? Yeah.  think you understand what we go through and deal with them. Listen, yeah, you had a whole the guy should their shot segment of how you guys manipulate and lie to women. Which granted, because it's not judging you for it. It's tough, but I'm just saying that how are we selecting if we're being manipulated? Because you guys picked the ones that manipulate. Yeah, I you can't say you guys because I don't. You girls. What do women like in men? A number of things. It depends on the woman that you ask. Okay. I can tell you what I like in women. We all talk about what we're doing. All different. Well, I'm just going to keep it very simple. On a balance of probabilities, most women like guys, they're confident, authoritative, the bad boy, etc. Nice guys finish last. That's been a saying for a very long time for a reason. Nice guys don't win with women because there's some kind, typically some kind of ulterior motive. So being a nice guy doesn't work. And that's what you try just now and it failed. Nice guys get finessed most of the time. It failed in that circumstance because that was the motive that you were setting that up.  for, but that has worked. No, no, no, that was you. You failed. I mean, I'm just, I mean, I'm you. I have a failed because I've definitely had it. What? No, I've definitely heard of a number of my friends. Oh, yeah, he wants to bring me here. Okay, boom. I got fluted out. Yeah, no, we actually hung out and it was cool. And I spent three days with him and he didn't try me. It was actually cool. We got to get to know each other. I hear about that all the time. Mm-hmm. That might not be your experience. And that's why I was asking. It's not a judgment thing. I'm not asking to say, why was that? I think you're mostly, I think you're mostly underestimating the difficulty of attracting women versus how easy it is for women to attract men. I think you're speaking on your circumstances. Okay, how about this? What percentage of men do you think are actually sexually active? I have no idea. A vast majority. No, no, no. Hold on. If you have to subscribe to a percentage, what would you say? I have no idea. Okay, that's the problem. Only about 20% of men are having sex with about 80% of the girls. So in other words, a small minority of men are having sex with the majority of the women. Why is that?  Well, because only a small percentage of men meet the requirements that women want. Guy that has money. Guy that's confident. Guy that's not weird. I guy that's confident. A guy that's in shape. A guy that's tall, etc. This is a small minority of men. So to the victor goes all the spoils and the rest of the guys don't fuck. So that's what I'm trying to tell you. Yes, you get a bunch of guys hitting you up, but you pick the best of the best. So you still get to pick, whereas the men have to still shoot their shot. They have to develop themselves. And the guys that have money, they might not even get the girls. That's just a price of admission sometimes. You don't think that we have to develop ourselves as well though. No, you don't know. What? A woman. What? I'll make it simple for you. What? A woman that's attractive will get invited to a party with Drake, Future, and fucking, you know, a bunch of other artists. Simply for being attractive, whereas a man will not be allowed into that party unless he's a somebody. I'm going to throw a caveat in. You have to develop yourself to keep a man. But to get a man you certainly know. You can get a man just off your looks. Listen, I'll tell you something. I know some more on the...  I've been very developed in situations where a man could not keep me. Stop subscribing it to yourself only man. I'm telling you. But what was your whole circumstance that you were just describing? Was that not subscribing to yourself? No, I was telling you the reality. Yeah. Okay, so can we hear about what your reality is? That's irrelevant because. Why is that irrelevant? Because I'm not a regular guy. So for me to give my personal perspective on something is this ingenious because a lot of guys aren't like I am. I think that the paradigm starts to shift as we highlight different circumstances. So maybe we can start to shed light on what it could be. Okay. I don't want feminism. I'm interested. I'm a person. I'm really interested. I'm really interested. I'm genuinely interested. What are the hurdles you face as women in finding a good man? Besides waiting for that good man to message you first. What are the hurdles? What are the hurdles? Would you like to know? Sure. That's why I just asked. Some of the hurdles that I have personally experienced would be.  someone failing to communicate properly? Yes. Lacking maturity. Absolutely lacking maturity. I have been in circumstances where someone seemed or appeared to be very mature until circumstances started to alter. Sorry, let me clear off. And I think that maturity is not necessarily defined by the highs or when things are good, but when things happen. I agree. And how are you able to communicate and process your emotions and then communicate those as well and how things are triggering in those moments. Please let me clarify. I'm not talking about retaining a man. I'm not talking about a relationship. I'm asking which barriers do you face as women in obtaining, not retaining, finding, forget once you're with him? What barriers do you face as women in finding a man besides chilling, putting up Instagram pictures and waiting for a man that you find suitable to message you first? At home because you guys just said for an hour.  that you manipulate people to. I'm talking about finding a guy. I'm not talking about what you're right. Cool. Pretty easy. You put up hot picks. You sit, you chill. You look through his profile one by one. And you just sit back and you wait. It might take a week. It might take a month. You wait. I want you guys to understand something. You're talking to us. Look, these two are famous in Miami big time, right? I ain't, I'm a nobody. Look at that. You're famous. I'm not a fan of this. I do all right. I do all right. I do all right. But the point is, my point is, I don't think most women can actually genuinely understand how lonely the majority of men are. Yeah. And you need, you need to truly understand if you're a Joe Shmoe, average and nearly every way in Starbucks working. You ain't getting a DM ever. New girls, new girls, new girls will never be lonely. As much as you might be unhappy with the possible suitors.  You can at least fuck about and flirt if you feel sad. There are men out here in the world who have Genuine loneliness and I can prove this statistically. Why do you think it's all the men killing themselves compared to the women? But could we blame this on lack of communication? No, no, we're gonna blame this. No, no, no, no, no, I'm just saying to you. I'm just asking very I'm just very curious. The men the men selling you right now the men with absolutely zero partners Do you know what they try? They certainly try communication They're trying you're just ignoring their DM trust me. They're trying communication The reason is is that we have to understand we live in a world now and we've always lived in a world where women have a natural A natural inclination to align themselves with the top tier males. I can prove this to you You see these chicks they see a rapper in the club. They want to fuck with the rapper. Do you think they believe that rapper is loyal? No, no, they don't give a fuck. He's the dawn That's the game. It's always  been the game, it still is the game. So when we're talking about how it's harder for men than women, we're talking about the vast majority of men because you women because you're all beautiful and you're all smart. Most of you only interact with top tier males. So you're like, well, I have these problems, but he has all these bitches because he's a G most men ain't shit. You know that? If you think about it, most men ain't shit. Go walk down the high street, tell me how many of them stand a chance with you. Usually fucking zero. Most men are desperately lonely, desperately. So you want to see or talk about the struggles of life as a woman. There are men out here that the male suicide rate is so many times higher than women for a reason. The life as an average man is brutally on, is brutally depressing. And I'll tell you something, I don't consider myself an average man. I'm a successful, I'm a very successful man, right? I have a few genetic gifts. I've worked very hard. I have financial. Not gifts. I worked for them, right? I've got  I've got everything right my life's great, but life as an average man Joe Schmo is literally fucking horrible And I don't think most women understand this because you know what the biggest problem about being an average dude is If you're an average dude And you work in KFC and you ain't shit and you get a chick. You know the problem with that is that means your chick fucks average dudes And now everybody's competition. Bam that motherfucker McDonald's I have to stay with it. What if she's in love with you and you're in love with her? Because why would someone go above their standards or less than if they don't serve that I'm gonna tell you When you're a big G your hard to replace of course, but if you're literally Joe Schmo I think it's unfortunate, but it's true. You're relatively easy to replace But there are women in that there's women who will take you complete Okay, so let me okay, so let me change let me change the paradigm. So maybe you understand what I'm saying Please my dear of all the things I am the last is never mind it  Please listen, if you have Joe Schmo and his chick, Joe Schmo gets zero DMs a year and possibly one chick a year who might talk to him. His average ass chick, her inbox is still full. She still has unlimited options. Maybe they ain't great options, but she still has options. And this is the point. This is why men struggle in breakups more than women. How many times have you been with a guy after the break up? He's blowing up your phone. Do you know why? Because you can go out to the club the same day and get a new guy. Even though that guy was still a cool dude, he's going to be lonely for months now. That's why he's blowing up your phone. It is harder as a man. It's a harder game as a man from head to toe. It always has been. That's not necessarily a bad thing. I'm not saying it shouldn't be. You women of the price, fantastic. Good. You're the one who can have the babies. Great thing. But when we're sitting here talking about all that's hard as a chick, that it is a thousand times harder for men. And we're talking about.  If I were to sit here and send 100 DMs, right? I've got a few followers. I got cars, money, all of my pictures. Hundreds of thousands of phones. I got blue, I got a blue tick, right? I'll still only get 40, 50% reply. Imagine I had 300 followers in a Toyota. It's zero percent. You guys don't understand. These guys are operating at zero percent reply rate. Zero and it's fucking hard. And it's hard. And what is Andrew? It's because they're so oblivious to it because they only see the top tier of men. Like right now, when I asked you, what percentage of men do you think are sexually active? If I didn't tell you it was 20%, you probably would have told me like 80%, 90%. You thought all of them were what I'm trying to tell you is a very small percentage can actually attract and keep women around. There's a reason why guys like Dembellisarian, Hugh Heffner, etc. are widely respected by men. The reason why is because it is not easy to attract women. It's extremely difficult. And why I put you as a male, right? And you say, I give guys a game. I put you in a male situation. How are you going to get the girl? You really couldn't do it. You know what I'm saying?  because you're thinking, okay, well, I'm gonna leave with my wallet. I'm gonna fly this girl out and her friends and I'm not gonna get finesse. And that's what's going to happen if you do that with a girl randomly from Instagram. And that's and that's not and I'm gonna jump in. I don't want to look like I'm gonna jump in. My wrong's completely right, but that's not a bad thing because you know what the hardest thing to do as a man is. It takes a lot of experience to learn the very, very fine line. You couldn't possibly know because you're a chick. It's a very, very fine line to learn, right? Because I don't want to look cheap. Of course. I'm not cheap. I'm rich. It's even worse for me, right? Because I get if I if I landed Dubai and I tag myself in Dubai, I check my inbox. It's full of chicks from Brazil, Moscow, Kiev, all these chicks trying to go to Dubai. So they start liking my pictures. They want me to go, Hey, I'll fly you out to Dubai. That's what they're hoping me to do. They're trying to finesse me, right? Because they know I got the money, but you wouldn't believe it, right? I know that's a very unusual experience for most men, but happens to me, but I don't want to get finesse. They just want to get to Dubai in a hotel. They don't want me, right? Now a lot of men are happy with that trade.  I'm not a man or the kind of guys who I call them in my world. I call them customers. A lot of dudes will pay that money just to have a chance of a date with a bitch. If you don't like me for who I am, I'm flying you fucking nowhere. Of course, you're my friend. So that's who I am. So I'm saying it's a very, very fine line and it's super hard to navigate. You, I would love in many ways to you girls all to become men for a month and you'd realize it's nearly fucking impossible for most dudes. Most think how many DMs a day you ignore. I agree. Think about it. You ignore them all. You want it. You probably won't even check his profile unless he has a blue tick. No, no, no. And this is a bunch of followers, man. You see a bunch of followers you'll check his full face at the end. Please don't where you are in life. So think about it, right? Yeah. Even our current data marketplace. What are guys doing? Only fans going to porn because guess what? They're not getting laid. And here's the worst part. Look at Denny apps. Who dominated Denny apps? Mostly men. But guess what happens? Most men. And maybe that's your ugly aura for them.  They're way the point that we're saying here's like most guys don't have sexual access and the quote here is women fuck who they want Men for fuck what they can so that's kind of how we live right now I don't blame you ladies for like not being aware of this like we're not gonna sit here cry I just find it very interesting that women think it's easy to get girls when it's extremely difficult It's not and here's the thing Well, we mostly said no that it wasn't yeah We really Was not easy she thought it was easy, but Like men like women attract men chase that's just what society taught us that's right normally what is but that's also women like I Literally, I know it sounds redundant but I am a fan of y'all show like I've heard women are like, you know We are more of like the beauty and everything and men to chase us and like do whatever it can Is it the accolades and everything to prove themselves to us women don't men don't give a fuck what we do and what we accomplish They care about what we could provide what we could bring to the table and everything  So to me it's just like from a looks perspective. Yeah, of course, of course you know That's what attracts you but it's really what you carry as a character is what keeps you yeah to remember that I'm sorry. That's what you know, you want to try you want to try being a guy getting a girl now? Honestly, if I was a guy if you're just asking a blank question like how to get a guy? Sorry, I mean I am Guy, okay, how would you go about getting a girl? How Jade explain this she explained it from a guy who has morals or like you know a certain level of it depends on what you're trying to do Are you exactly a girl to fuck her or are you trying to get a girl to really be with you? So you look like let's say if I'm gonna answer your question right fit you're asking me how to get a girl like how to get a girl late Period, yeah, I'm asking you know extra layers know nothing. Yeah, I'm in Miami, baby. I'm from Orlando. Oh, you can't pay for it though Okay, I can't pay for it 304 everywhere. Let's just say that straight up. Okay  If I'm a high status man, like how you guys like see it put yourself in the top one percent. Of course Man there are obviously women who are gonna come at me. No, no tell us tell us start We're you gonna find her how you gonna approach her? There you go. Okay. Where it doesn't matter who I am Your high status man. I'm a high status man. Baby girls are gonna flock to me regardless No, no, no, no, no, no. Set it up where you meet the girl. Set it on set it up. You got it right? So let's just have a regular I'm if I'm a regular schmeg I'm gonna give you a regular Schmegler compared to a 1% Regular Schmegler. I'm gonna find a 304 on the street fucker and call it a day. I got my You break it down for us step by step breaking up for us break it down I'm gonna drive see a girl be like you cute come my car I pay you Man, I'm a one percent man. There are what you naturally want me. Can I spawn to you? I'm curious fresh. He's gonna be so you pull up in a car, right? Okay, I pull up in a car. You say you're cute. You're coming to car. You look good. What's up with you?  Nika, who are you? Oh, baby. I'm the one who's going to pay you tonight. I'm not paying. I'm not paying. That's a point of luck. You said you can't pay for it. I can't pay for you. Look, I can't pay for sex. I can't pay for sex, no sex. OK, no paying for sex. You have to do it organically. Organically? OK, honestly, I'm going to play with what I know makes a one. Vote play. Don't get it. So I know a woman likes to feel like a woman's feeling. Go play. OK, stop. You're hurting the show's quality. Oh, my goodness. Ladies, it's fucking simple. Just tell us where you would go. OK. What you would say, he's going to play the girl. It's going to be role play. We want to know exactly what you would say. How would you go about getting? Wait, you don't want me to talk about your theory. Go say it. What it is. Suck fast, say role play with me real quick. Suck fast. So where do you meet? We meet. I'm pulling up on the beach. I'm not beach. OK, it was good. OK, let's go just do that. All right.  I'm the guy you look good tonight. I'm interested in you. Thank you. I could show you a really good experience if you just trust me. Oh, where? At my place. Your place? I don't know you, sir. Of course. You don't know me, but you could show I could show you this big count. And I could really get to know me. I want to go on a date first. Of course. I could take you all to the finest restaurant in Miami. Where you want to go? I'm going to Nussrat. Let's go right now. Let's go. All right. We're eating now and I paid the bill. And I want to see you to my place and show you something nice. I'm working the morning. Sorry. That's fine, baby. We could do something one hour two hours. We could have some fun. It doesn't take long for me to finish. I feel like I'm sure. Why? No. I was like, you just let through it. Damn right. You just let through it. You just let through it. I think girls are talking about 10 minutes, 20 minutes. She's in the video. Let's be honest. It doesn't take long for me to finish it. They really like look. But see, we see. And enjoy this time. You just let through it, right? Right. That was you. Right. You are a dinner date. I'm not going to say sex. I do not. Exactly.  And a man does not have to be sexy. So you went through the whole process where you didn't explain a break it down how you put game to make it want to do it. You see the thing is to put game, you have to actually put the game down. You cannot just expect, okay, I'm gonna say all this shit. And I'm just trying to tell you just what is the game between the dinner and the dinner to get me to want to fuck you. What is the game? You know what I'm trying to mean? It's like so willing to show that it's loyal, you want to take care. The point we're trying to make is that it's extremely difficult. And you know what makes it difficult, what makes this most difficult is to time limit. Okay. The one week. That's what makes it hard. Because most guys, if they get laid, it's usually not within a week. I mean, maybe you bang girl out the club easy quick, whatever. But most of the time if they DM a girl and install, I'm not even saying instance of bad place to try, right? If you have a good profile. But a week, maybe, but it's not easy. And one of the biggest reasons is not easy. I don't know how many of them are there. It's just really the puzzle who you are. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. The thing come in. And I just get a little bit of understanding of where this week.  thing came in. Why is it a week? Because it was an example of reason because we're using a song because there's not a female on the planet who couldn't get laid in the week. So that's the reason we use it. I agree. I agree. I agree. You can always find some of the lessons 24 hours. So the point is that it's way harder for guys. And yeah, we get it. Definitely. Definitely. The majority of us are great with that. I may be harder at the top of the show. At the top of the show, I said the statement. A lot of you guys looked at me like I was crazy. I said women are not equipped to give men advice. What's so fucking ever when it comes to attracting and or retaining women because you guys know absolutely nothing that goes into the process of attracting women and women are not capable of doing so. And she looked at me like I was crazy. I saw a bunch of eyes roll and everything else. And I was said, you don't ask the fish out of fish. You ask the fisherman. No, but I stand on that stool. But see for you. You said I'm a woman. So I can tell you. I can tell you and I can tell you and I can tell you exactly what I want. And every one. Tell me what you want, baby. Every woman. Tell me what you want. I want to hear this. Tell me what you want. Can I finish? Please.  Of course, tell me what you want. But every woman may be different, but I can tell you what I want. And I can tell you also what a lot of women that I don't want. I don't care about you. So granted, it may be different from what you think or it may not be within a week. Jade, tell me what you want. Let her finish what she's got to say and then she will tell Andrew what she wants. But I'm just not understanding how the two correlate. That's what I'm just having a hard time wrapping my head around. What we want and giving dating advice based on what a woman wants and what we need from a man is different than what a lot of you, I think think that we want in need. And... No, I'm listening very closely. I'm about to destroy your argument right now. We'll go and continue. I know. I know. So I can tell you that based on what I want and what I need. And I might also be in anomaly. And I know that in a lot of areas that I am. So I'm just not understanding how that is significant to one week. OK. Andrew, did you want to have her tell you what she wants to do?  and I'm gonna tell her why she's wrong. Yeah, I would just love to know what you want. That's all it is. But how am I wrong for knowing what I want? You're not wrong. What do you want, Jay? But you said I'm gonna tell you why you're wrong. No, no, no, I am my wrong. Jay, what do you want? Tell me what you want. I'm not, I'm not, Jay. I want to be supported. I think I want someone to be there for me and understand me mentally. I want them to be there and be able to support me emotionally. I want someone to, yes, provide for me. Good. Have confidence. You know, have a certain level of confidence and no shame to you, but non-attachment to not want to control me and all of my relationships. Whether male or female, because that's my personal one. Sure. And you can have what you want, but that's what I. Well, Lee, the only reason we gave the week's to the relation is because we were trying to explain that. In the certain time frame. Yeah, yeah, because it's easy. I think most men, even high value men, they get girls over time. If you think about the guys that you've all been with, it took, took time. You went with that. But a girl can get 10 dudes in a week if she wanted.  That's the point we're trying to make is that it's a lot harder. Hard to remember. For sure. Can I talk to you guys a question? You know mine? Yeah, before we do that, just to answer her point. Listen, here's the biggest problem that you have here. You kept saying, me, me, me, me, me, with all the respect. No one gives a fuck what you want. I'm saying what's universally attractive to a majority of women. You can say, I want support. I want these other things. Whatever women are never going to tell you what arouses them. They're going to tell you what they want, but what they want doesn't necessarily get their pussy wet. Because if I told you the truth about what arouses. I can't hate it. Okay. I'm going to give a fuck. I will tell you. Okay. Anyway, you can say, I want this and I want that. Whatever. But the thing is that women want guys. They're dominant, decisive. Don't tolerate their bullshit. Don't let them dictate terms, etc. The Christian gray, are, are, are, are, are, Avatar would be a good one's use here. The things that arouse women are not politically correct. So it is not any woman's best interest to tell the truth about what arouses them. Women say, I don't want you to.  on me. I don't want you to have multiple bitches. But guess what? If you have multiple bitches, so you're gonna like you more, she's gonna respect you more and best yet she's gonna give you the best sex. But women will never admit that. They won't. They want a man that other girls want to fuck and other men want to be and sometimes an ax on that and fucks these other girls. But women will never admit that, which is why I say women are not equipped to tell you the truth about what they really like or what they're attracted to. Hell, you can't even tell me what you want to eat for lunch if you ask the most women. So the thing is this, the reason why women are going to tell you the truth because it makes them look bad if they were to tell you the truth. Call me a slump with me by my hair and spank my ass. They ain't gonna tell you that. You know what I'm saying? So stop, stop, stop. When he asks you what do you want? You gave a bunch of bullshit about what you want. You didn't get anything I just said just now because you're not gonna do that as a woman because women don't give the game. They're not gonna do that. No woman is gonna make it easier for you to actually get in bed with her. She's gonna make it hard. She's gonna tell you  you all the bullshit. I want to gel them and I want a nice guy. Ba da da da da. It's all kept. They want a guy. That's an asshole. That's decisive, confident, a bunch of other things as well. Not putting on a pedestal in other words. The lion, right? This is why I always say this. I agree to the gazelle exists. The gazelle does not know all the effort the lion has to put into finding said gazelle hunting it down, stalking the prey and eating the prey. The gazelle just knows lion run, but they don't know all the work that the lion puts in to get said that's exactly how women operate. You guys kind of have an idea of what guys go through when it comes to attractive women, etc. But you guys can't really do it. You can say, oh, well, I'm a woman. So I think I know what's attractive or whatever. But when I put you guys in a male perspective, what do you do? You fall on your face because women don't know what it takes to attract a man, attract a woman as a man. And that's the truth. It's not our fault either. It's not your fault. You never know. That's why I said that's why I said at the top of the show. I guys didn't like when I said it women are not equipped to give you dating advice and dealing with other women.  because women do not understand that men have to go through a lot. Let me be able to even do it. Let me ask the girls all a question. Because you know what? I'm trying to learn something as well. Because I like to give out a lot of knowledge. You do. But I want to learn as well. My understanding is when these guys are giving you the scenarios, you think they're being dry, right? You think they're giving you dry replies. And you're like, well, what can I really say to thank you? Or like a man? No, that's pretty much how we act. So correct. Correct. Thank you. Because the most correct, yeah. So correct me if I'm wrong. If you're semi-interested, you reply. If you're zero percent interested, you don't reply. So even those dry replies is semi-interest. You are because you wouldn't reply at all if you had no interest, right? So even a reply is some degree of interest. So even though it seems dry and hard, and like, well, what can I say to this? You are interested, but you're just test enough to the max. Like, what can this fucker pull out the bag? You see, trust me. I love this podcast. You guys are talking so much in black.  like black and white, like some generalizations. But like there's also a great way to remember. Generalizations is how the world operates. I don't know why women like to always use the acceptable. There's so much a grade though, yeah, that's right. Yeah, but no, man, they're in general. They're always a case in the area. In general, if you reply to a dude, you have some degree of interest. Would you agree with that? You're not gonna reply to a dude that never in a trillion years. Would you agree with that? I think it's based on percentage. And when you think about it, it's true like most women are gonna act like normal. No, see the thing is I can't agree with that because I can see it from a different perspective. But the thing is ladies, because women always like to give me this bullshit argument from the hundreds of women that I've interviewed. Well, I'm not like that. Or my girls aren't like that. I cannot say I'm not like that. But you can't base on exceptions. That's like, when I always use the exceptions to rule, we're not all like that or but out of. If I lined up 100 women, keep it nice and simple. They're gonna respond. 90 of them are gonna respond the way I did. Even if they like a guy, they're gonna give those dry ass. That's my point. If they like them, they reply dry because other than it like you, they wouldn't even reply. That's right. Man, you have to be very, very good at trying to...  inspire conversation in a way which is not baggy, which is not, you know, cheese, which is not like, that's an English word baggy. You know what I mean? That's pretty. You see men have to like think to a certain degree, like how they're going to communicate with men, woman, basically, which makes the difference. Women, they can just like stay here and be like, I'm pretty, I'm going to get all these messages. Men have to put in extra work. That's what I'm saying. Which I agree with you guys, which is like 100%, but I feel like at the same time, like there's certain women who feel like, yeah, y'all might have, like, they're like high value, but there's other men who will spend thousands of dollars on like women who are like 700 pounds, 800 pounds, 1000 pounds because they feel like they're high value. It's an opinion. That proves my point even further. Generalizing that proves my point even further. If 700 pound bitches are getting dudes, of course. Think about that. Tell me baby. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, my life. Like you said, but the comments got so surprised. If it's out of life, going after 700 pound women, what does that tell you? That tells you that most men opera.  in a scarcity mindset. Where does a scarcity mindset come from? From not having a mindset of abundance. Where does that come from? By not having women. I'm telling you guys, the number check out. A majority of men can't get girls and they struggle to do so. And that's why there's only fans is blown up. That's why pornography sites or the top three websites search in the world. That's why strip clubs exist, etc. There's an entire economy based on the fact that I can't wait. I agree with you. I agree with you. I agree. Soon after Miami, I'm about to bounce. I'm not going to be back for a while. I'm not from my eyes. I got places to go. I got to go London. I got some money to collect. I go back to Romania. My house renovation's finished. Oh, Dubai. My Bugatti. Congratulations. Go go get that. Put on Dubai plate. I'll fly that back to Europe. On the Dubai plate. Please, you're going to hate that shit. Fuck them. I got shit. So I got some questions for the girls because I'm actually genuinely curious about a few things. In one word or okay, in five words or less. I really do. If you were a man.  What would your job be? Or what would you at least lie and tell women your job is? Let's go. Okay. Let's go baby. Yo, Jato, you're not off the hook. So find the way to get laid in a week. I'll give you a month on this one. Baby blue. I still don't think you'll be able to do it, but we'll continue. So who wants to go? If you're a man and a girl says, what's your job? What do you do? Whether truth or lie, what do you say? I'm a model. I'm all the construction work. Out of five words, take care of my people. Take care of my people. I'm a construction work. Doctor. Doctor, okay. I'm the CEO of Google. I'm the CEO of Google. Period. You heard that, Google? I'm on the software. She was saying it. I think to the matter of her is big. I'm actually talking about my friend. I'm not saying the matter of her. Invest right now, guys. It's in my pants. Yep. Yo, guys, like the video? Period. 500K. The player. Anything that's some sort of provider. Period.  engineer. Okay. I feel like there's so many different ways to make my even stays than it could be anything but probably at a top level type situation and if like that's what I'm gonna be more. Okay. You said to lie, right? No, no. True, true. True, true. If you're lying, you're lying. Well, pastor. I'll pass. Let me give you, let me, let me take what you want to do, I think. And I'm gonna tell you which one from my perspective as a man who who tries to attract females. Of course. Which two I think gave the best answer. Pastors are good answer. And fact, just been points in my life I've said that. And you actually, I work for the church, baby. I talk some shit, right? The other one that was really good is I take care of my people. I'll tell you why. I'll tell you why. I'll tell you why. I appreciate it. Now, I know this only works. This is a lead level game for the G's. This does.  work if you're a broke boy. But if your life is on track and you got a nice car outside, you wear a nice suit, you take it to a nice place, you got a lot of money. It's much cooler. I'm giving you girls guy game now. It's much cooler for her to not know where your money comes from. Then tell her, let me give you an example of why. When you watch a horror movie, what makes you jump? Is it the monster they put on the screen or the thing you don't see? It's what you don't see. I know you're scared of it because the person is walking. You don't see the monster. It's the participation. It's the participation. Exactly. They put the monster on the screen. No matter how scary they try and make it look. It's like whatever. It's the music. It's the vibe. It's the vibe. Right? So if I pull up in the Bugatti, a $5 million car, and I take you to a dinner, a $10,000 dinner, and I'm sitting there in a $40,000 suit. What do you do for workers? I take care of my people. You're going to be like,  Drug dealer criminal, no, but your imagination will spin a story. It's even cooler than I could spin myself. Because if I spin a story, now I'm bragging. But if I let you spin the story, you all love yourself. I agree. I agree. This is one of the three. I agree. I mean, you guys are having a lot of time. Of course. At the top echelons, only at the top echelons. You can't pull this shit into your head. At the top echelons. The smoothest game is mystery. The smoothest game is her sitting there going. I just sat with that motherfucker for three hours. And I don't know what. I don't know anything. He may be laugh, but I don't really know who the fuck. How did he? And it's that mystery because women love in their own mind to create stories. I had women genuinely say, I actually think you're a hitman. I thought about it. I thought about it. You have all this money and you and your brother. And there's a picture on your Instagram. You go, all these guns. And I just want to know. I'm sick. Who the fuck are you?  because they come up with their own ideas. I mean, fuck the Romania, run around the AK in my cars, meaning a Lambo, my AK out the window. Like it's easy to come to that conclusion, right? So my point is, it's mystery that's super interesting. I'm giving this game to prove a point to the guys watching. And maybe you girls would disagree. I think the biggest problem, please correct me. The biggest problem men make on dates is they try too hard, talk too much to prove they're something. You ever had that shit? No, that's the biggest turn off. That's the biggest turn off. Hey, and I've actually got a corporate job in what happened is, I told my boss to give me a raise, and I thought this business card at the start the fuck off. Can we? You know what I do on a date? I turn up with so much social proof she knows I'm rich. And when she wants to know why I want fucking tell her that's the game. The game is where to sit there and go. That's true. Who the fuck? God. True false. True. That's the game. Have you ever like the 40, like laws of power, like the book? I've never read that book. OK, I had.  actually multiple times and like it says like saying less is more. So like showing who you are as a person to the mind explains very much more I'm sorry explains very much more who you are than like explaining yourself. Because some people feel like it's a bragging to people who feel like you're doing too way too much. But just showing who are as a person you know extracts way more people that's just what it is. That's true. Exactly. So like for you example you have all these accolades I can't I have to respect it is just what it is what it is. I can't say nothing about it. But if you just sit here and match not shalom and you're just like I'm that nigga that's just what it is. I'm sorry. It's fine I'm off. It's alright. It's alright. You are you are you don't have to explain yourself too much. Yeah. Because feel off your vibes. He is way more than he what he's living off. He doesn't feel like he has to do too much because you know he's confident right. Mm-hmm. All this human saying agree with that right. Can we? Yeah. Absolutely. Exactly. So if you don't know what it is. Go ahead, babe. So yeah. Okay.  Please we got 7,000 likes right now we got 10,645 people Like the video and also just y'all ladies know we got 10,000 people watch this right now two in the morning The reason why is because getting latest tough so they watch our There ain't no pockets out there like with women they know teacher girls I get it how to get laid easy for you guys on a Monday I've been watching this podcast. We get laid very big You guys don't have to learn that's what I'm trying to do Yeah, I got another question But just just just to touch on the mystery thing I have a lot of guys who message me ask about game and that kind of shit I'm like look you have to to a degree and I'm hoping you women if I'm wrong please disagree with me You have to a degree sell mystery and I had a guy say to me bro. I can't sell mystery. I work in Starbucks I was like yes, you can don't say you work in Starbucks say listen I work for a division Of of of of an international conglomerate in which I pretend to have a job temporarily to make sure that the staff are doing their job correct  gonna say too much right? I'm a special agent. Don't worry about it. No, but you know what? When she walks into Starbucks, it sees your ass serving coffee. She would think that's James Bond. You're on a stand. You're on a ball flip. You're on the most the game. Look at him. You're going to be a woman. You're going to talk about honesty. If he sat there, said I'm a barista. You're like, shot off pussy. If he sits there, says, if he sits there, says, I caught this motherfucker put a drink of milk in a fucking normal ass latte. I was family. Backed up. Right. From the back of the, you're going to play the game. So honesty as a man doesn't really work. And I'm not saying that. But the biggest way to not be honest. I'm not saying lighter women. I see to the opposite. Let them come to their own conclusion. Yeah. And that's easier. Listen, I know all these women in the panel. I've drunk a whole bottle of vodka. So I'll keep talking. I'll take some other shit. I used to do. I'll take some other shit used to do. Actually, can I do it? How many girls are here? They might all attack me at one point. We're nine. We're nine. I can take nine. I can take nine. Okay. I'm gonna.  Keto master I got online they got hands man. Keep the cameras running. Keep the cameras running. So let me tell you nothing I should do. I please be honest resist the slave mind. Tell me if you'd fall. If you fall for this. If you'd fall for it. Like the video guys. Maybe you wouldn't fall for this. I don't know. Tell me right. So I'm in London. I'm in a five star. All right. Four or five grand a night. Would you make a money? Listen, I make a lot of money. So I'm chilling. I'm with this chick. I looked after we went herds. We spent 20 G's. Whatever. We're chilling. We fought the blah blah. 11 30 TV's on. She's tired. She's half asleep. New bitches. My phone up. I'm like, OK. I got bail on this. So I'm like, listen, I'll go go work. She's like, we need work. 11 30 on a Tuesday. I'm listening. You don't know how I'm making money out here on the street. I think I'll pay for the shit. I'll be back. Give me an hour. Give me an hour. She's like, I'm going to say. I flew in from Moscow to see. I flew in from Moscow to see you. Nearly.  even me a listen one hour. Right right right. A bounce next hotel. Boom. She's laughing. She knows. I'm with new chick. Bala. You know what's funny? You know what? Let me tell you the real I keto. Okay. Tell me when I get in the car. All right. 1130. I take an Instagram story. All right. Save it. Save it. Right. You're a ghost. Oh, I'm a ghost. I'm a ghost. I'm a ghost. Back in the car. Next hotel. Next hotel. Okay. All right. Follow sleep. Follow sleep. Follow sleep. It happens. You fucking fall asleep. Fall asleep. Wake up to go piss at like 421. Damn, we tired. Yeah. Yeah. Post that old Instagram story on me. Right. Right. Looks like I'm still on the streets. Right. Make everything on the streets. You know what I'm on. You know what I'm on. I'm on the streets. You're giving me the best. You have. Listen to toilet. Shit. Whatever. Go back to sleep. But wake up 921. Have a nice. Have a nice breakfast with this. What the fuck. Oh.  I miss you. Yeah, I miss you too. Oh, go back to the first bitch. She's like, what? Where the fuck are you? You think I'm stupid? You just fucked me and bounced. I checked that. I was like, listen, how the fuck you think I pay for this shit? Oh, and I checked my Instagram. Oh, no, I've already seen my story. She knows on the street for 20. And you know what the finisher is? You know what the finisher is? You know what the finisher is? I got a suit on. Here's the final finisher. Fresh finisher. This is fresh. Okay. I got 20 jeans on my pocket. 20 grand. 20 grand. I throw it out. It's a count that getting the shower. By the time she's counting with that money, she's sitting there going. You just made 20 grand? Fuck no, I already had it. But she's sitting there going. He was on the street. He came back with 20 jeans. Right time she's counting that money. And I got out the shower smelling good. She was righty. Bro, we fucking dead. Oh, yeah. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. That's okay. That was very shy. I said, I just very few men at this level who come.  pull it off. 973% right? 973%? What? Come on. What? You get 98% right? That's Instagram for Nets, bro. Yeah. You think it's the blue dress is so mad at me. You remember she's like, let's be honest. You guys, one, two, three, you guys are the biggest ones of all of us. You guys don't understand how people will throw themselves at each other for clotting everything. You guys don't understand the 97% to 3%. More than anybody else. But let me tell you another point that you're completely right. But let me tell you another point that ties into that story, which is, which is going to sound insane to a lot of me. Let's say the first girl who came, right? Okay. I can be head over heels in love with that girl, which is beautiful. And I mean, ready to take a bullet for her. Right. And the second girl who I went out to fuck, I could not give a solitary shit about what happens to her. And I'll do that same maneuver. Women think that for men, just like, because women have a, no matter how much they try and play that city girl bullshit, they have an emotional, they have an emotional attachment.  to the people they sleep with. I can be head over heels and love with a female ready to die for her. Look after her with everything I have. Really to stand by her no matter what. And I will still go fuck that other bit. You know what? You know what? You know what? I'm in a hurry. I'm in a hurry. I feel like men just tend to be more polyamorous than women because women feel more comfortable loving, obsessing over one person and men feel like you know, biologically, I want multiple females. And that's just what I've seen, especially listening to this podcast and everything. Just like what it is. I can't explain it. You know, for us, we might feel like, you know, I want one man. I want to be selfish and everything. But when you're at a certain level, they feel like, you know, I got these bitches with BBLs. I got bitches with natural bodies. I feel like I got bitches with knifes to all this stuff. I want to test the waters. So don't give a fuck. You know, we feel like we're all these important. Talking to Mike. They might we might feel like we're more important in everybody else, but to them, we're just a regular Schmeigler. And we have to understand it and understand how to registry that and feel like.  you know what? You might feel like I'm really regular, but I'm still that bitch. I'm gonna find someone who respects me as what I am. Let me ask you girls another question. Cause listen, I'm about to bounce. Sorry guys, I don't want to talk about that. The first one wasn't a question though. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm about to come. I like the video guys, like the video, don't go. Keep going. I'm about to bounce. I'm not gonna be a, I'm not gonna be Miami for a while. I'm not gonna be a Miami for a while. I'm about to bounce. I'm about to bounce. I'm about to bounce. I'm about to bounce. Would you say he probably had, he probably, yeah, he may love me, but he probably has a few holes.  Do you expect that guy to be completely- We'll start here. Sistally exclusive or not? No. I expect him to be in love with me, of course, and taking off to dinner, paying my bills. But if he does have a couple of side chicks and he does take all those boxes, I actually am okay with it. And like- That's the truth right there! She told the truth! All right, what about you? Our honesty, if I want to be honest with you guys, when I was younger, I felt like a man can only treat me like the princess and all be all be all, you know? Princess queen and whatever. Yes or no? But the older I get, I realize, you know, high value men want multiple bitches because they feel like they work so hard and they're whatever it takes to get where they are. That they can't feel like they can take one of these. That's it, yes, that's it, yes. Okay, thanks. It's a yes. I want to lie to myself. I wouldn't be okay with it. No. I should probably not expect that, but I would still do. I would accept it. But would you accept it as the question? You don't have to like it. Would you accept it? Yes or no? Yes.  He has like everything like perfect. Yo, let's say you knew, but you didn't want to see it in your face. Would that be cool? Like you know, but you didn't want to see. No, I would like to not know at all. Like perfect. Perfect. Yeah. Just lie well. I feel like until the most high should change in the post. The most divine. The most high job. Correct. That's that's more that's more propaganda lies that they tell women. No, I'd not be okay with that. Okay. So it's the girl that she don't have a boyfriend. They got no. Just kidding. Exposed. I'm just kidding. Yep. What about you? Oh, okay. You would share him. Yeah. To the mic. I don't share a niggas here in. Okay. She don't share a niggas. No. I'm just kidding. No.  No, share my dude stop to the mic. What about you? I'll be okay with it. Yes. Really? Can I ask you why? I've to end your same reason that you gave. No, I just want to talk. I'll shut up. No, I want to hear you talk. Explain your opinion. Let me explain to you on male. May I explain to you on male loyalty works? Of course. Because I've already told all you girls to resist this life. Mine, I give you another advantage because let me tell you something. If you girls, if you girls meet a man you truly love, I hope you stay with him. Especially if you catch him with some stupid side bitch. Don't leave him for that. What you're going to leave the man, what you're going to leave the man you love. Okay, so what about loyalty? Okay, we're about to talk about loyalty. You're going to leave the man you love for having a side hoe get with the man you don't love is going to have a side hoe stupid. Don't do it. Let me explain that stupid. Let me explain what male loyalty to you. So let me ask you a question once again. There's two men, right? Both of them go to a fruit store. One of them can only afford apples. That's all they can afford.  Every day he buys an apple, walks out the store and says, I love apples. But the truth is, my fuck is broke. And it's all he can buy. Right? Because he's a low value man. You have another G walks in there, four time kickboxing world champion, $50 million, big daddy, Andrew motherfucker. Take. Can have whatever. Yeah, can have whatever he wants from the fruit store. Five days a week, he chooses an apple. Twice a week. Sometimes I might have a big ass pineapple. You might mess it up with a banana. But most of the time, five days a week, he chooses the apple. We're being compared. Who would you say genuinely loves apples more? Who is more loyal? The man with no options who chooses the apple because he has nothing else he can go to. Or the man with all the options in the world who still keeps coming back to the apple. The apple of the world. That's a general question. Who would you say is a more loyal individual in his heart? For personal experience. Hey, hey, we're going to start here. Go ahead, baby. Okay, wait.  the more loyal individuals. And his heart, who is a more loyal individual, the person who has to have the apple, because it's all he can afford, or the person with all of the choices on the planet, who chooses the apple five, six times a week. The one who has that up. Be loyal to the mic, please. The one who has that up, please. Of course. Not sure if any of you have that. Okay. The one that has more options and keeps being loyal, right? Mm-hmm. Of course. Okay. What about you? Same thing she said. Same thing to the mic, please. Okay. I don't think that loyalty is based on our sexual partners or date. So who has all the options, but chooses one consistently. Okay. Nice. Or with longevity. Yep. All right. Same as her. Okay. Yeah, the rich one. Yep. The big J. All right. None of them are J. I can't agree with you. No, I hate to throw. It's a bit. You said none of them.  of the mar right? This is the actual reality of the sex with marketplace. So you're saying there's no man that can afford everything but I would just choose the apple seven days a week but impossible. That doesn't happen. My dear. My dear. What I'm saying is between what I'm saying is this between black and white there is always gray. Okay. Maybe maybe my dear. Maybe you will find the very very specific individual who is high value enough for you to respect him but low value enough to be sexually exclusive. Maybe you will find that man. But the truth is the truth of the game is in 99.9% of the time. You have dudes who say their loyal because they can't get anything else and you have dudes who can get everything they want who fuck up on your hose but come home to the same girl consistently and in my mind and in fact in my experience.  in the life I've lived, not just me being me. I'm talking about all the other million years I know. They're the most loyal men in the world. And I'll tell you why. Because the guy who can't get no pussy, who says he's loyal to you and loves you. The second he lucks out and gets a little bit of pussy on the side. The second he's lucky. He's fucking gone. Period. He'll bounce. Whereas the big G, the big G, the big G, the big G, who's with you through it all, fuck them, at their 25 bitches and said, you know what? I fucked all 25 of them. Hose and I don't give a shit. All I care about is that you smile. That's loyalty. That's more loyal than the dude who's going to sit there. Go, I don't touch no one but you, baby, because that's the motherfucker who can't get laid. That is the facts of the game. You're telling me you want to find some perfect in between. Let me give you another analogy. Not to not not to brag, but I have 23. Sorry, I have 23. I have 23 super cars. Period. Labrigini Ferrari McLaren you name. I got a mall, right? Period. Okay.  If I want a reliable car, I buy a Toyota. That's what you do. If I want something reliable that's always going to start, I buy a cheap car. If I want a car that's sexiest fuck, I accept that sometimes I'll press go and it will say no. And the point I'm trying to make is the higher, the more exclusive something is, the more inherent problems come with it. It's easy for girls to sit here and say, I want the fucking man. But I also expect him to be completely loyal like a synth piece of shit. It ain't real. It ain't real. And the biggest problem Western women face today and I'll say Western women on purpose is that you'll find a guy who literally ticks nearly every box. And because he fucked around with some dumb pussy, some weekend with his boys when he was away, you're going to leave him. Let me tell you how it works in Russia. I got some friends in Russia. So I don't want to listen. I own some casinos blah blah blah. Donabra. I own some casinos. One of my best partners in Russian.  When I go to Moscow, I'm sitting with my boy. He has his wife. I've seen his wife maybe five times. The other 15 times I've seen him, he's been with some bitch. When I see his wife, he'll go, she'll save to me. Oh yes, I enjoy nice to meet you. I know he's often with other women, but I have the kids. I have the Bentley. I have the house. He's a man. I don't try and control my man, but I know he comes home to me. And I respect her far much more than some woman going, city girl. If he finds them bitches, I'll fuck them guys. Because you will get in a Bentley and a house and a mansion any other way. Of course, that's my point. He had that on. It's an unfortunate reality of date. It's unfortunate. Because girls have every advantage. Girls have every advantage in this fear until they meet a top tier male. And then it's flipped. Because the problem is all you want the same guy. No. No. All of you want the top tier man. Who are you? All women want the top tier man. And now he has to control. And that's why women will go through life saying, men.  have it easy. No, very select man can run out. You're doing that. What? One at a time. One at a time. Her first and then her first and her then you last. No. I love what I love. I love what you see. I'm of a scar. She's got powers. I can feel it in the air. She's beautiful. She's got power. She's a woman. I hear you. I hear you. You know, I'm picking up what you put in now. I feel like as a man, as a man, I think, as a man, if you are out there, you don't step out. The woman should know they should never disrespect your main. They should never disrespect what you have going on at home. Because a lot of time these men, they don't even, they don't even check the woman. No, they don't have a respect to them. No, I agree. I agree, but let me give you a caveat. I agree, but I'll give you a caveat. So let me take you to give you a caveat. I'm listening. I agree. But you know why most these side-holes disrespect-  the main shit because of the man. No, no, no, no, this is where you're where it is because of the man for me. It's because of them. It's because of the main chick. I'll tell you why. I go on main chick, right? I'm fucking some side. Side page finds out. Well, messages my main chick on Instagram. Hey, I fucked your man. If my main chick goes, oh, yeah, starts arguing with her. What happens when you argue with somebody is you equal yourself. Exactly. Now, let me tell you what let me tell you what a smart main chick says in those scenarios, a smart main chick. And I've had a few. Okay. And those scenarios when the side chick pops up says, oh, yeah, he's always had girls like you have your fun, but he always comes home to me. Block. And you know what the side chicken's up doing within a week, having a mental breakdown, leaving the man because she knows that that main chick is so secure and your relationship is so strong, she can't fucking handle it. And I'm telling you I'm telling you I have fucking experience a smart main chick.  will be like, LOL. Listen, I had, I had, I had a chick, my main chick. She'd say LOL and reply, and she'd reply screen shots of all the other bitches who tried the same thing. Right. Boom, boom, boom, enjoy a sick life. Right. Like, oh, I think you're something. You think you're something. We'll talk at a month. And they, and the, and the girls don't last. And I know it's hard as a chick. Like, I'm not going to sit here, but that is easy. It's fucking hard to accept. You know, your guys out with this girl, but if you sit down with your guy, I know you talk about communication. You say you want communication. Sit with your guy and say, listen, you're going to fuck you're going to do what you want. This bitch just measures me. I stuck up few. I didn't embarrass you. You wore me. All I'm asking is at your home six nights a week. All I'm asking is these bitches never get pregnant. All I'm asking is that you make sure these bitches know who the queen is. And I'm going to pretend I didn't fucking know is. I tell you, if you do that, you know what will happen if you do that to a man. You become irreplaceable. But now he can't find another chick as smart as you. Now you're going to keep your man forever. I'm telling listen. I agree. Listen. I've been around.  I'm an old man. I know the game. I've been around the block. I've been around the block. And I'm telling you, this is absolutely the truth. So when you're saying a side chick gets out control, that's not because of the man. A lot of the times, because the main chick's arguing back and the side chick's fighting for position. And she'll say anything it takes to fight. You need to come at her with absolute confidence. When I'm fighting, if I agree to sign, if I fight a sign of fight contract. And I go to the fight weigh in. And the man's like, oh, fuck you up there. And I'm like, hey, you know you won't because I'll block that. No matter. I'll fuck you up. Two days. So would you say that as a fighter, understand how you come up with that? You have to approach it with such, with such iron confidence that she can't possibly penetrate your butt. I agree. And the man will love you more for that. That's what you have to understand. I'm telling you now, as a man who's drunk a whole bowl of velvetier. I have never loved my woman more than when she came to me and said.  this side bitch tried to get fresh. I don't give a fuck. I'm your woman. Open your mouth. I looked at her and said, you know what? I'm not allowed to that. I'm about to fuck you. That's a woman. That's a woman. That's a woman. You're talking about communication. Yeah. You talk about honesty. Comprehension. That's a woman. Co-op rehension. Co-prehension. Because communication is nothing without comprehension. It's not a matter of fact. So you had to question. Yeah. Yeah. Just out of curiosity, would you say to expect loyalty from like a good man? Is that slave mind for you? Is this slave? I'll be honest. I'll be honest. It's good to know. Men will pitch loyalty. We'll all pitch loyalty because we're incentivized to lie. So we'll pitch loyalty. I'll tell you what happens at the very, very top of the game. I told you the little hotel thing. I'll tell you nothing happens at the very, very top of the game. I'm not trying to sit here in front of you. Wonderful ladies and pretend I'm God's gift. I'm not because I'm sure there's many of you who don't even like me. That's fine. But what happens is what?  happens is when I go on a date with a girl, or the second one a date with a new girl, right? She sits here and goes, okay, he's 35, he's got $50 million, she's famous. He pulled up in a baguette, he's rich, he lives in a fucking mansion, he's big, he's tall, he's strong, he's smart, he's a fighter, something ain't right. Why is he single? And they start getting curious, what, are you divorced? Are you divorced? Do you have kids? Are you a serial killer? They start thinking this doesn't, like they start thinking this is too good to be true, this something that's a bit weird, right? So, and the point is women instinctively know a man's value and where he operates. What happens is after they ask me about your questions, they assume I's gonna fuck me one night in Bounce. Can I say a question? That's what they think. I'm just telling you my experience, right? No, you're very much right here. Okay, so my point is when you're saying, should a woman expect loyalty? No. If you meet a guy who's actually about it, truthfully, truthfully, absolutely not. I couldn't expect pure sexual exclusivity. Loyalty with his heart, sure, because man will love one woman and fuck 10. Loyalty with his heart, yeah.  But in terms of where as dick goes, he's gonna fuck that pussy. That's the truth. That's the absolute truth. I'm all lying to you. Yeah, I see a group of that sister in a group of me. It's her. Yeah, the reality is, ladies, the more desirable he is. If he's tall, attractive, makes money. He's not going to be sexually exclusive to you. That's stupid for a man. I've always said it. If you're a guy and you're worth a certain amount of money and you're attractive and you're tall, you're good looking, it's stupid to be a monogamous to one girl. That's dumb. It's fucking dumb as hell. Because with you guys, you guys want security and monogamy. Men want to deal with as many girls we can. And the reality is most guys can't do it. So just like Andrew said, if you want to keep your guy, you got to be okay with the fact that he's going to have sexual other girls. Men show loyalty differently. Are you going to the cheek guy? If he can't afford it, I'm very much looking at fish. Stop one mic. Stop. Stop. Loyalty with men is shown through. Am I willing to die and protect you? Okay. Women show loyalty by. I'm not going to fuck anyone else. The two parties are exchanging their commodity.  to the other for some kind of exclusivity. I share my security and resources with you and you're secure. And then her, I share my sexuality with you and you're secure. But a man is capable of having sex with other women and still loving his woman the same. Women are not though. That's why if woman cheats, it's a fucking problem. You need to get rid of her. If I was a chick, if I was a chick, what I would be looking for is the highest value man I could find. I agree. And I'd be looking for an anchor which allowed me to know that I had something that made me feel special outside of sexual exclusivity. So I'll give you an example. You'd look for yourself. No, no, but I'll give you an example. So let's talk about that Russian girl. I'll talk about my business partner. She knows, she ain't worried about him fucking bitches because she's the only one with a house with kids with a family. So I'm saying, if you find a man and he says, look, you're the only one I take on holiday or you're the only one who has a credit card or the only one who has allowance or the only one who lives in my house or you the only one find some anchor. Now, if he breaks that anchor that he's promised to you, consider that cheating. I agree. No, no, no, no, no, no. I agree.  He comes to me and says, look, five times a year or five times a year, we're in Dubai to loom. Maldives Thailand. And I'll take care of you. If he actually does that and no other bitch is going to haul the butt him, but you and him, nobody else. Exclusive. Then who gives a fucking exact who cares? You're going to leave the guy you love over some stupid hoe because of some silly girl slide slave mine, the slave mine. You know what's crazy? And you girls maybe can disagree with this. I said, I've drunk a lot of alcohol. You can please disagree with me. I have a bottle. So I had an ex girlfriend and we broke up and she came back to me and she said, I regret breaking up with you. And I said, why? She goes, because you cheated on me. And I thought I'd get another man. I slept with three men. None of them could even fuck you stupid. And it's the point. So the point is, you're going to leave the man you love who makes you happy. Sleep with a bunch of losers who came to get hard. Look around and bed with some weak shit. And for what? Because when you finally get...  one who can fuck, guess why he can fuck? Because all he does is fuck. And he's got G again. It's stupid. There's no happy ending. The happy ending as a female is to sit down with a man. All you women talk to me about communication. Be in honest. That's all the shit you came out with. And here's what you do. You go home to your boyfriend's and you can communicate and be honest and say, look, I know the game. I'm gonna pretend I didn't fucking notice. But what I want in return is XYZ. And if you lay it down in a kind, peaceful, calm way, you'll be surprised what will happen in your relationship. I'm telling you, I've come home to my girlfriend before. And she's like, oh yeah, you were out late. I was like, yeah, man, her shit, her tits were shit. And she'll be like, really? I'll lay here's her in stock. And she'll be like, yeah, she ain't shit. And we'll fucking sleep. Yeah, I think who cares? The day of thing. And that is the true mark of a smart female. I know you're all gonna call me crazy. So I have a question. I have a question. I have a question. Sure. Go ahead. So what if like you're the one?  one that can afford, like you're talking about Dubai, Maldives, but what if I can do that for myself? Because I'm gonna tell you from my experience, I was actually, I lived in Dubai for five years. I don't need a man to take me to Dubai, I lived there. I was raised there. I've been to Maldives twice. I've been to Thailand, so I've done all these things. So it's like, why should I want that from somebody? And all I want is that loyalty. I don't need anything else. So. I think it's a gesture. Now, I gave you an example of traveling. We can remove the traveling, right? Let me give you an example of another guy I know. He does whatever he wants, but what his woman is asked for, which I think is actually pretty fair. He doesn't sleep, and when I sleep, I don't mean sex. I mean, actually sleep next to another girl. She says, I don't want another girl spooning you, hugging you, kissing you at night. I don't care who you fuck, just come home to me. So it's not for her to stop about traveling. For her to stop about traveling. He'll go out fuck who he wants. But as long as he's home, even if he comes home with lipstick all over his face, she.  He's just glad he came home that no bitch gets to like hug him and either emotional shit. You understand? I understand it. So it doesn't have to be traveling. And let me tell you another point that I want to make clear. It's fantastic that you can look after yourself. That's fantastic. But as a woman, you shouldn't need to or have to or truly even want to update some rich rich women. I want to say rich. I've dated some women from family money. My last ex was Bollywood actress. That bitch was a multimillionaire. But she didn't she didn't want to pay because I wanted to pay because she's my chick. I must look after I want to pay for shit, right? So you should want a man who wants to take care of you. It's not about going to the moldy. It's about he took you to the moldy. It's a different thing. So you can find my point is this you can find a different anchor besides traveling. You can find a different differentiator. You must find something else to let you know you're different from the hose. Because if you girls are truly out here trying to find a G. He's going to have hose. I'm not lying to you when he throws you 20 Gs in the hotel room.  He's gonna have hose that's the game. I know that I'll upset you. I know that I'll upset you. Eurocentric, blah blah feminist, blah blah blah. It's the fucking truth. And I'm on this podcast to tell you the truth. Throwing a man out here with only the options who ain't. No, I don't. I really do like you do. I agree with most of the podcast, but my comment, all these things you're mentioning right now are things that I could have done for myself and not only the my parents. I got answers to this one. I'm so sorry. I gotta finish. My parents have done to me my whole life to like, as I said, I've been to all these places. I never need a no fucking man to do that for me. For my due, I have, I do have a man. It's actually one year anniversary today. Congratulations. And he does do things for me, but I have never asked him for anything. And the people that I actually depend on are my parents. I don't depend on no men. Like that's one thing that we need to fucking get straight. It's like we're not doing that. Like, all right. So I have the answers to that. So here's the thing. You know, you've been afforded the privilege where you have some parents that have been able to...  to give you a better than average life and you don't necessarily need monetary security from a man. But having a man by your side goes far beyond monetary security. Here's the reality. Women derive their pleasure on a balance of properties, most women, not all, but most women derive their pleasure from children and a family. You get that with a man and security, okay? Whether it's financial or the security of just being in a family with a man, that's where women derive their pleasure. Sorry, they don't derive their pleasure from a career and money, okay? And as a matter of fact, if you look at the least happy demographic of human being in the United States, so 40-year-old woman making between 40 to 100,000 hours a year, that doesn't have children or a husband. That's the truth. So we know. Oh, I guess for generalizing, but I do get pleasure from a career in having that money. But never wise. You're okay. So you're 22 right now. I promise you, as you get closer and closer to 30 years old, your priorities are going to shift because I've met many women, and I've seen many women that have a career,  go to law school, go to medical school, become extremely wildly successful. As soon as they have a child, narratives flips. I don't care about fuck about my career, my children come first. And the thing is this, men are built to walk longer hours, men are built to work harder jobs, men are designed to create, women are designed to create children. So I'm not saying that you can't derive benefit and pleasure from, please put your hand down. I'm not saying that you can't derive pleasure and fulfillment from a career. But what I am saying is that most women derive, most are pleasure from children and a family. And you can only get that with a man. Okay. The reason why you don't see this yet is because you're still young, you're 22, your op, your world is open, the world is, is your oyster. And women that are young tend to be a little naive about this because you guys don't see that you fucked up until it's too late. And I'm not saying you're going to fuck up. But most of them don't realize that they fucked up until they're 32, 33, 34. They're not getting the same level of men that they used to be able to get before. Their negotiating power has evaporated. And where's yet?  They're earning a hundred thousand hours a year, 200,000 hours a year. So they can't date down. You know what I'm saying? So all I'm saying is that you can say, I don't need a man for any of this other stuff. That's fantastic. That's great that you don't need a man for security. Your family provides you that. But we know a large predicateor on female happiness for most women is children and a family and you can only get that with a man. There's a reason why most women, most children, most little girls grow up, one in walk down an aisle and a white dress and get married. That's every woman's like, fantasies. But don't, but don't marry a woman too because that's what he was preaching the whole time talking about. Man walk around their whole life being lonely. So, so here it is here. Because they don't have a girl. I'll answer your question. Let's go with that. Here's here's the reality. Men want quantity. Women want quality. Agree. There's a reason why women go down the aisle and a white dress and it's the best day of their life. Men when they get married, oh man you fucked up. Oh you locked them down. A man if allowed and has the value to do so, he's not going to settle down. Why do you think men are-  scare of commitment because it's in our biology to want to fuck as many women as we can. But most guys can't. So what do they do? Enforce monogamy, marriage, relationships, etc. Because most guys can't run around here and be like Andriottake, be like me, be like fresh, be like Hugh Heffner, be like Dan Blaserian, dealing with multiple women at once. Most guys have to be monogamous. So it helps women out because monogamy is actually a woman's benefit, not a man's benefit. It's actually interesting. My run nailed it because I'll give an example, not me, my brother, right? I have a brother. I'm 35, he's 33. He's even bigger than me. He's six foot six. He'll look at tank. Well, he's huge, right? And he has a bunch of girlfriends, whatever. And sometimes when his girlfriends get really sad, they message me. I don't know why. I'm going to help some. And and he only sees me once a month. And I feel like I don't say to him. I feel like saying you could have Joe Schmo, who's there all day, every day. But no, for years, you've been waiting on the big G once a month. And you know why? Because that's the female imperative. You'd rather get rather.  share the dawn, then stick with the with the dork. And as much as you'll deny that, look all the DMs you, all those guys in your DMs will stick by you all day every day. You don't fucking want them. And that's the reality of the game. So what you want to try and do is women, and this is female game, I'm giving you, you want to try and find the happiest balance you can tolerate. Yeah, of course. You want to find the happiest balance you can tolerate. You need to accept, look, he's home most of time. He loves me. He looks after me. He gets to be a bunch of shit and all these other hosts get. He's a way one night a week. That's marriage. Whatever. Period. And that's how you have a happy relationship. I know that sounds crazy in America, but in 99% of the world, you think the Russian billionaires, the mafia boys, you think he's loyal? You think when you go to Moscow and you're sitting with a Russian mob boss, you think he's sitting there with one bitch? No. He walks into the club with fucking 25. Right, but that's what I put his chicks at home, his wife's at home with a smile on her face. She doesn't give a fuck. And though it's not stupid. It's the smartest thing a woman can do. I don't like the Russian man though. Like why would I want the worst? We can't pay him five. Seeing the money my whole life.  what y'all don't get the beautiful. I get that. What a hot. Generalizing woman. But the fact is like, I'm not in that. What I represent that is so you you you you I need you to just not be trickered for two seconds. You can be an exception to the rule. And that's what it is. But here's the thing. You can say, but here's the thing. I'm willing to bet as you get older, your priorities are going to change and you're going to want a guy that provides some level of security even financially because here's the thing. I would say you're probably going to be even more selective than average girl because your family already has money. No, I have no, no, my family. Let me just finish. You are of a certain class. I would say you're probably what at least bare minimum, higher middle class, higher middle class. So you're not going to deal with a guy that's broke because your father already provided you with a certain lifestyle. You can't go backwards at this point. So a guy has to be able to come at least at level. If you're going to take him serious, you know what I'm saying? You might be dating a guy now. I don't know his financial situation. You're still young, young, wild, free. Who cares? Yolo. But as you get older.  as you get older and you want to search a relationship, you're gonna want a guy that can at least provide a similar lifestyle to your father. You're not going to make sense. This is, I like, explain this, make sense. It's not gonna go backwards, go ahead. I don't need, like, my whole point of being a relationship is not to have a provider. Like, I don't need a provider. I was raised by people. Like, I already had the provider. So the point is, I'm in a relationship for love, right? I'm in a relationship for a person. You still love stuff. I love that. I really do love that, baby. Make sense. Hold, talk about money. This is not like that's cool. But this is the point you're missing. He still loves you. I know. I do. No, no, no, but you broke girls. How many times have girls said, my man cheated on me. I don't know why he cheated on me. Now he's messaging me that he loves me crying himself. Don't got nothing to do with it. No, no, no. But here's what he don't understand. When he's message you knew that he loves you, crying his eyes out, he's not lying. He loves you. I can be head over heels in love with my woman and still fuck something else. I know that blosures.  You don't believe it, but it's the fucking truth and you have to understand that's the masculine imperative Let me tell you all got another something another something that kind of ties into what we're saying Men and women are different ladies. I agree. Let me tell you let me tell you one more thing I said this on the last podcast. I don't want to say it again. But I'll say it again go for like the video guys We said this already. We said how competitive things are as a man agreed to agree that the male world is competitive So men are constantly we're constantly vying for status amongst other men Understand so sometimes you say why did he fuck that bitch? He didn't give a shit about her His boys were there of course just pure status and I know to you that sounds stupid But in a world as a man when you've done nothing but compete your entire life for status Now you're out in the club and you can fuck a bitch. That's status and that's important to men Do you know what else adds to a man status the fact that he has a wife at home who's not in the club? Who sticks by him no matter what even when sometimes he does these transgressions?  I tell you now it's nothing to do with liking the girl. I fucked so many girls I don't give a shit about. You would not believe, but it's status. It's status and I know this is all mind blowing to you, but it's absolute truth. If you're going to truly hate on a man for trying to achieve status, the only reason he got status enough to attract you in the first place is because he's that type of guy. This is what you need to understand. Women are attached to status. If I walk in the club and Dubai with three or four hot bitches, that status. It's the part of the game. It's part of the game. So you have to understand sometimes your man's just looking for clout is looking for status. It's nothing deeper than that. I know I can hurt your feelings a little bit and you know what's amazing? If you approach it like an adult, if you sit there and say, you fuck that bitch. I really wish you didn't fuck that bitch. I'm actually quite upset about it. Can we go here for the weekend? He'll probably take your ass if you ask him nice. You'll probably get what you fucking want. Thanks. So who gives a shit? And I'm not saying you should have multiple wives. I'm not saying you should have multiple kids.  if some stupid bitch gets fucked, he doesn't even remember her name. So who the fuck? I got a question. You mentioned that you're looking for love. I have a question. Do you think love is unconditional or conditional? I already seen this in the podcast. I know the whole thing. Oh, love me. Okay. Well, what is your answer though? I mean, I'm not trying to trick you here. I'm asking a simple question. Do you think because I have a little, I have a question. So do you think love is conditional or unconditional? You think it's unconditional? I think that's the problem there. Because the reality is that love is extremely conditional. And I would argue for women, it's conditional on the basis of opportunity. And for men, it's idealistic. Shout out to all Tomassi. A woman can't love a man unless he meets a bunch of prerequisites first.  for myself. Okay. I'm not in the percentage that does not apply to me. Okay. I mean, he was mentioning how because it that listen, like this whole concept of men stepping out and having sex with other women or whatever, it's all across the world, it's kind of accepted because many women understand that they're different. It's only here in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, etc. Western countries where women think, well, that's fucked up. You shouldn't be cheating on me because women look at themselves as equals to men. And I always tell women, you're not equal to a man. You can't do a man can do what a man can do. And quite frankly, if he has sex with another woman, then you step out and go fuck another guy. You're very stupid because now you've tainted yourself and he's probably not going to take you serious. And now you lost that security that you fought so hard to maneuver to get. And now it's going to go to another girl. And I can see where you're coming from because that's, you know, this is modern day, white woman Western thinking. What I'm saying is that I promise you, as you get older, your priorities are going to change. You're going to start to look more at your man's career. You're going to start to look more at his ambition. You're going to start to look more at his confidence. You're going to start to look more at his status. You're a young now and your family fulfills a lot of your name for security.  But as you get older, that's going to dissipate and your priorities are going to change our promises. No, you're misunderstanding what I'm saying though, because the man that I have right now is completely fine. Like, I'm saying that he has whatever he could provide for me if he wanted to. Okay, let me flip it. Let me ask, let me give you another angle. If each of you know who would you break on him, break up with him. Okay, let me give you another angle. Let me give you another angle. So I need to know. If I was a female, if I was, I would understand that if my pure priority is sexual exclusivity, if I were to say the only thing I care about is that he doesn't touch another chick. Okay. I would be sacrificing so much about the quality of that man. That's what you have to understand. You have to accept. If you only care about the fact that his dick doesn't go anywhere else, then you're going to have to sacrifice a shit load about that man's qualities as a whole to pull that off. What if I can't? And it's your choice to make. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  reliable Nissan all day. Most of them in your inbox would be next to you all day every day and you list the things. No, can you list the things of a man that he'll provide? It's not about listing. I'm saying is that everything. Look, I can't. That because I'm saying like all the qualities you're talking about, it's like I could do that for myself. Okay. In podcasts and podcasts. I guess. And it all comes down to people wanting and doing different things. I actually do 100% agree with that. That's why I mean. We agree. Let's not fight. We agree. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I understand this and I understand where you're coming from because I understand that people want any different things. Is that and where you're at in your life? Like I said before, I can only speak from where I'm at in my life, right? Of course. Where you're at in your life, that might be what you want. And he's right. You don't know. You don't know what you're going to experience as you approach 30. You don't know what you're going to experience once you pass 30. Of course. But this is a serious reality.  a lot of people and I'm not saying that it's right. I don't think that men should be out here misleading women. I don't think that's right. I don't I think that you should be able to do whatever it is that you want to do and if that is you want to fuck other bitches, fuck other bitches. Just be honest or maybe it's not maybe it is a woman that doesn't necessarily want to know. I don't want to see it in my face. I agree. But keep it disclosed and I kind of have an understanding and you're giving me everything else that I want. I agree. Yes. No, no, no. He said the disclosed. I was like, wait, no, no, no, I had two drinks. What I agree. And no, no, no, no, no, no. She made an important point. I agree. And I think I think I think once I've been a women, I'm looking for your feedback. Please correct me. I'm wrong. I think the worst thing a man can do is be cowardly and lie. I agree. When I see those when I see those dudes who are caught red handed and they're sitting there going, no, no, no, like, bro, if you're caught, you ain't like like you ain't and it looks like pussy. It looks.  I agree. I agree. So I would never rub it in my woman's face, right? But let's say she caught me. Of course. I'm going to like look. Yes. It is. Fuck this bitch. I'm home with you. I don't give a shit about her. I don't have her in stuff. Who the fuck is? Like, I'll be honest. When those, I think a lot of the time, the reason the woman leaves the man is because she loses so much respect to him for him during that bullshit three days of lying. Amen. Just stop fucking my, I'm not saying rub it in her face, but I'm saying be a man about it. What the fuck? It comes down to the dishonesty and deception, not necessarily they act itself. Yes. Well, they're hitting so. Look, look, look. Look how real I'm the same page. Isn't this beautiful? I'm just saying. One ball of vodka's all it takes. What are we all? I'm going to say that all the ladies need to know. I'm just going to say it. If you deal with the guy of restaurant status, accept the fact that you're going to have to share him sexually. And if you want a guy that's going to be monogamous to you, you're going to have to date down a little bit and lower your standards. And my thing is, what's your favorite? What do you like? I can read your opinion. What do you like? I can read your opinion. I can read your friends out, right?  Like the one okay. And then last one. All right. Okay. Okay. All right. Let's read some of these chats real quick. Eric Hebert, 50 bucks. What irritates me most about equality is that men build this world till now, but universities are trying to attract women to math and science. Women avoid these degrees yet women avoid these degrees slash majors. Two heads are better than not one. Okay. Thanks. Kenny Cherry. Kenny Cherry. Finally got to show F and F love. Been in Kuwait for almost three years. I'm going to go back in the US. I met women from different countries there. Big women were the minority. I'm 37 years old black man who investing in crypto stocks and trying to buy first multiplex congrats on 500 K down the mark on me. Please, I got you bro right there. The real estate is by far the best you guys know how we feel about it. Robert Roberto Moreno, 50 bucks for the women for the woman in blue. Women have all the answers until the questions run out. Answer for that. I don't even know what you're saying. Jay DeFoe, Jay DeFoe, the first. You're a bad debater. All right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'll be honest.  Okay, anything else here? We're good. Okay, and then last thing I'll say any other ladies want to try to get a girl. A girl. Can you elaborate please? Well, we talked about being no, no, no, no, you lost already. Oh, wow. I didn't get to talk. You want to try again? No, any other. Yeah, I want to try again. Give me a chance. The club, baby. Okay. How are you going to work? Club, baby. Club. It's so different once you go first. You were her. Shit. I probably want to go first. How would you go? I'll try to probably go to the club. Okay. What's going on? Mr. Jones. Okay. Go ahead, baby. Go talk shit. All you really need is a section. The bitch will be. Okay. So now you're down. Okay. So you got a section. You're there with three of your friends. Fresh. Okay. So you're down. You're down at least probably two to five thousand dollars. You're a little dove in no. Okay. You're a fresh. Very fresh. So you're down to five thousand dollars. You're in the club. All right. What are you going to do now to get the girls.  your section. What are you going to do? They just come. Okay. They really do. Yeah, to be on. Please, lady, stop. Stop one out of time. You guys really hurt the quality of the show when it's multiple people speaking. When you listen back to what you're here, the stupidity. One might get a fucking time. All right. So you're there. You spent now your down fight, grand. You're what are you going to do to get the girls at the table? They just come. The section's always look full when I shoot alcohol. Okay. So the girls come in and drink your shit. What you going to do? You're going to let them drink it. Or are you going to tell them to leave? What are you going to do? Let them drink it. Okay. They drink it and then they sit down for a little bit to get some rest from their heels and then get up and leave the section. What are you going to do? It's a dove from there. Yep. All right. I wasn't trying again. You want to try again? Ernie, anyone else? Before she goes, does anyone else want to try? I don't want to try. Can you please re-elaprate the questions? All right. You're fine. You're done for the night. Go ahead. Love course.  Um, I'm fine. So I'd probably go to the beach. Okay. What's beach? Well, I'm not from Miami. I don't want to, uh, the main beach here. Okay. Let's say Miami beach. Miami beach. Cool. That's the main beach. What do you want to do? I go there around sunset. Okay. And then I hit a, like I look at some girls on the, I'm the girl. What you gonna say? Um, Hey, what you're doing tonight? How would you go about doing that? Huh? You know what? Let's have fun with this. Hey, activate Mike 15 and, uh, six. All right. We're gonna roleplay this bitch out real quick. Show y'all something that I got. What is going on? Even I don't know what's going on. Uh-oh. Unaware women are nice. Sneaking here. Sure. Of course. Like this little box. No, no, not sure. I'm we're going to stand up. Go ahead and get in here. Oh, period. I got some real. Let's see it. So we got some microphones and.  motherfucker okay you're the most prepared guy okay so you Mike 15 and 16 so you're the guy I'm the girl we're on the beach on the mics on Mike's on yeah yeah here's yeah of course all right I'm on 15 oh okay so you're the let me just there you go chatted way real quick just the wires okay got it yeah all right so we're gonna roleplay here guys I'm the girl all right I want you to approach me at the beach I'm on my phone okay because a lot of girls are gonna be on their phone and I'll say two of my friends over here so I'm on my phone what are you gonna do hey sorry oh my name is John the Harrier hi I'm scared of COVID though what are you doing tonight  I'm going to club with some friends. Cool. Do you have any dinner plan before? We're going to go to Nobu. Nobu? Yeah. OK. What about you? I'm going to ride it us. Two people to your reservation. I pay for the bill and I bring my men. We're going with some other guys. Come on, baby. Canadian. What about you? Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Listen, listen. I'm freaking chicken. Come on. I want to jump in and tell you why that's good. You can't. No, no, no. But why we're here? Why do I remember what you said? Let me jump in because the guys want to just want some games. Let me tell you why that's bad, right? I would roleplay with Myron, but it's a big win. So I'm not going to do it. So let me tell you why that's bad. How about this? First, you want to be the guy and then she's a girl? And you please do it. Please do it. He has more game than me. First, I want to break down what just happened and why. Why I wouldn't do it that way. And maybe you girls can correct me. So you go up to someone.  The first thing you need to do is you need to get their attention. A lot of dudes will do is they'll come up and they'll start talking when you're half paying attention. And by the time you're like, turn around and you'll go, what? And that's the worst possible reply. And I don't know what the fuck was been said. So the first thing you do is get their attention. Me personally, I'm a big dude. So I have to get their attention in a very calm, slow, cool way. So I'm like, excuse me, excuse me. Very like, don't be worried. I'm gonna attack you. Or like, excuse me, excuse me. So we're gonna concede that she lost, right? She'll lose. Right, right. Yeah, there was a few mistakes. I tried. There was a few mistakes. I didn't mean to. All right. If anyone else wants to try, we'll do it again. Jay, do you want to try again after this? Okay. Once you have their attention, what I personally say, and I know this is cliche, I was expecting some amazing lines. It's really not a line. I want to make my attention clear from the beginning. So excuse me, excuse me. I just want to say you are absolutely beautiful. And I say it and I look at my eyes. I'm all bitch. I will look you directly in the eyes or I tell you you're beautiful. I'm not punk. I'm not afraid of nobody. I make my attention clear. The reason I say that is because 99%.  sent the time unless the girl's a fucking cunt as a person. The only thing she can really say is thank you. She has to say something positive, right? So we've started, let's look at this from a human psychology perspective. Now I'm a stranger, but the first interaction is positive. True or false, right? So I've come over and said, you're absolutely beautiful and she says, thank you. You're welcome. I just wanted to come and tell you that. I'm sure you hear it all the time. And I was wondering if I could have your Instagram. The reason I asked for an Instagram is because it's a far less personal than a phone number. If you ask for a phone number, very few people have her phone number. But every random motherfucker already follows who are on Instagram. So why would she say no? So she gives it to you. And this is human psychology. She's already said, thank you. It's already positive. Now she's giving you her insta, what everyone else has. And after she gives me her insta, this is the true test. Gentlemen, pay attention. I'll say thank you for that. My name is Andrew Tate. And I'll shake her hand.  And I will delay for two seconds and the reason I will delay is this if she says okay Then she ain't interested if she goes okay. What's your name? No, I asked when she tells me her name back This is the this is the skill to the game. I'll say Let me let me flip around right I take her Instagram. I say what's your name? Let's say she says Jade I'm your eccentric bubble Jade Jade I'll say it's nice to meet you. Jade. I'll shake her hand and I'll wait two seconds if she says What's your name? She's on it if she wants to know my name back It's done game over 100% in the bag if she says my name's Jade and shakes my hand I wait two seconds. She doesn't say shit She ain't really on it which tells me a lot about how I need to play the insta game because I got her Insta Right, so I'll say so what's your name? She'll say Jade or a coach shake hands Push her cans if she says and yours that I know it's in the back  name it's over. That's the basic psychology of approaching a girl. Make sure it's a positive interaction. Make sure you're confident. Look her in the eyes. Calm, slow, smooth. Make sure it starts out happy. Ask for an Instagram because phone number is a two personal. And then ask her name. If she asks your name back, it's on. If she doesn't, you could still message her on insta. You have to understand she really ain't that into you. That is the psychology of approaching a girl on the beach. You think I'm wrong? Tell me I'm wrong. But that's how I would. I agree. I agree. But if she asked her name back, it could be also because she's just polite. Okay. Hey, hey, no, it's also because she could be polite. But in my experience with women, they're polite to guys. They at least semi are interested in. I'm telling you, girls are not polite to guys. They don't like because I'll tell you that for sure, right? So let's say what's your name and she says, Mary, whatever. And I say, oh, Mary, very, very nice to meet you. And she, and I pause her a few seconds. And she just looks at me like, what the fuck you want? Then I'll know. Which is, and you, I'll say, oh, my name is actually Andrew Tate. In fact, my name's not actually Andrew.  My name's Emory, but I tell everyone my name's Andrew. I'm gonna tell you why on Instagram. And you know what? You know how you play with chicks? How? All you fuckers are nosy. And if I give you something like that, I'll drop like that. Like, I'll tell you later on Instagram, you're gonna be like, what? But you'll be curious enough to at least find the message. Like, what the fuck is my fucking talking shit? Let me look, what it, what it, because you're all nosy. Yes. Now we're a stage further. Now you're read to DM. You understand? That's the game as a man. You need to, you need to slowly play it. And this, and I'm saying this, not because, I mean, I shouldn't say this kind of thing to girls. I'm saying to all the guys watching. You need to involve the biggest mistake men make is they don't involve any mystery in their game. They're so busy trying to brag. They remove the mystery from the game. If I say to a girl, listen, I'm gonna tell, I've told you my name is Andrew, but that's not actually my name. My name is actually Emory. And I'm gonna explain to you on Instagram. If I say that to a girl, they're like, what? Who are you? Okay, well, the fuck this, but...  But it's security. Correct. I've never said to a chick. I want to tell you something. I'll tell you later. Yes. They can't stand it. You need to involve that in your game. I know I'm giving away too much here. I know all the girls that are looking at me like this motherfucker. I'm not touching. But it's the truth. So when you even approach a girl in real life on the beach except you need to involve a little bit of mystery, a little bit of finesse in the game. Too many dudes are going up saying, hey, I'm CEO. Shut up. Shut up. That's the thing that's weak. It's weak, right? You need to involve some mystery in the game. So that's how I'd approach a girl in the beach because in my experience, if you tell a girl she's beautiful, it's very hard for her to reply negatively. It's very hard for not giving Instagram because everyone has it anyway. And the worst second happened is she doesn't tell you she doesn't ask your name back. Then you know your position. You know she really ate that into you. No big deal. It's been a positive interaction all around. She's been happy. She got told she was beautiful. Everyone's happy. Happy. Happy. No big deal. No big deal. That's what I'm going to be able to do. I agree. I'm going to fail.  I'm sorry. I mean, try and try. I'm told I'm told it. I'm telling you. I don't know. They didn't know what to do now. I said, me since we can't. Jade, you got to take that out. I think you know, I can do it. My name is because you got mad at me when I said women don't know how to how to help guys. I mean, to be fair, we never did it and we never had to do it. So we don't have practice. So I guess I'm not mad. I can only say it proves it. Yeah, it proves that it's hard. Yeah, I made a statement at the beginning of the show. I said women are not equipped to help men with dating and or attracting women. Some of you guys gave me the crazy eye. So I like to look around the table when I say that and then we just put it to the test and quite frankly, a lot of you guys build on your face. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, sorry, sorry. Because what, how long? Four hours. Yeah, four hours. We are about to hit four hours and 10 seconds. Yeah. 500 K. I've been drinking for eight hours. I only have about eight hours left. Do the girls have any questions for us? Are we allowed to ask them that? Shit, yeah. Cheers.  So ladies and we got 90 said 600 people watching right now by the way, which is fucking crazy Three Yeah, this crazy time Nice to meet you guys get us up to at least 9,000 likes man That's a question. I'm not a Monday. Yeah, ask a question But I'm been I've been a very big fan for like talking to my place I've been a very big fan for long No, of course, but like what makes you guys like come up with these perspectives when they're like so generalized That's always been my biggest question because of course you guys are for me. I am me So you guys know how Miami bitches are like I from Orlando. I don't know how Orlando bitches are you? I don't know how to learn the bitch. Sorry. So what makes it come up come up with its assumptions that girls are what they are because Here's a thing just because the hardware is different doesn't mean the software is different Explain Well, if you if you take a hundred women They all think extremely alike as much as you guys want to sit there and say that we're special and we're different No, you bitches are all the same. No, but it's not you girls literally no, of course When they are just like girls say all negative are the same all bitches are the same two we're human beings we have  A certain programed amount of behaviors that are similar to the person next to us. So the reality is there's certain attraction triggers that women universally find attractive in men. Yes, are there some anomalies that might not care about security at this point in their life? Are some other features that women don't care about as much? Yes. But in general, women look for the same features in men universally, okay? So. Okay. So understand what women are attracted to universally. And you can reach a certain level with your money, your finances, your security, your confidence, getting in shape, etc. You're going to be a better prospect for a larger majority of women. Here's a beauty as a guy. If you do the work, it's exceptional because there's not many men that do the work. Of course. So many men are mediocre. That if you put yourself in the top 20%, you are miles ahead of a lot of other guys. I said smart. So that's the thing. The problem is that with the men you have to do the work. But women, you guys don't have to do the work. You guys just exist and get mail attention.  For you guys, the work is with figuring out which guys are or what guys aren't. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, also we're in a game right now. I agree. You're beautiful with that. We see patterns of how women move. And as the guys start from the bottom up, I don't have all it's easy. It was all really super hard. So to learn certain things to do to increase my, I want to say, abstractiveness, it turns out like being a better person, money, even turns out like, you know, understanding game. And that kind of led to me understanding. You know what? If someone was certain way, I'll go as a result. And that's game basically in a nutshell. So that's what we know in general. These whole women move because we're in the data market right now. Another reason we generalize is 21, baby. It's another reason we generalize is because we deal with larger numbers. I agree. So a woman will sit back and chill and show wait for the right message on her Insta. So you might date a rapper for a couple of years. And then you go with the CEO for a couple of years. Then you go with some hippie who talk about spiritual shit from the couple of years. It's a completely different guy. Right? So they're all completely different to you. But they had a perfect.  all that attracted you. Men for men is different. It's a numbers game. So we talk to a lot of women all the time. And when you talk to a bunch, you end up with generalizations, you end up with finding even if it's only 51% in fact, it's usually 95%. But what I'm saying is if you're talking to a lot of people trying to find the best possible result, then you're going to generalize. Because there's so many. You're talking to so many and you realize, okay, most of them think this way, most of them want this. But it's just generalization. You women don't talk to nearly as many men as men talk to women. And that's why we end up with generalization. Women pick the best that they can. Guys just get what they can. You know what I'm saying? So that's why, you know, like earlier, that's why I was kind of laughing at you, Jade, because you were like, well, it's hard for us, because we get a lot of attention and everything. And I'm like, well, it's much easier to have a bunch of resumes and go through and pick the best one versus writing up the resume. I feel like I have experiences required for set resume. And it wasn't delivered though. What say that again? Like I've asked for a certain level of resume. Uh-huh.  have yet to see it. But that proves my point even further. I'm saying dating is easier for women because you guys are easier if I get to see it. I'll explain. You sit back and wait for the resume to come in. But the person that writes the resume not only does you have to write the resume in a way that's attractive. He actually has to have the experience on the set resume. That's the difference. They have to work to put the resume together and the experience. I can't ask for what I'm not exactly. So I also have to put in the work. Incorrect. A one. No. Incorrect. Because I've put in years of developing. Congratulations. Congratulations. But it's not required because here's the reality. Men don't care about your personal accomplishments. Men don't care about your education. I'm not talking about personal accomplishments or education. But you're saying I want in a man what I'm not going to ask something of a man that I don't have in myself and what I'm trying to say is that that's incorrect because men are not attracted to the same thing that women are at all as a matter of fact. Okay. That's fair. So for you to say I want.  I should, which is fine. I mean, hey, that's, that's awesome of you that you want to provide the same value to the man that you're trying to attract as he provides to you, but it's a little bit of a foolish endeavor if I'm going to be honest with you because if you're going to chase a career, make money and be educated, that's not going to hold the same merit as a man that does the same things. But that's not the things that I'm necessarily looking for as far as personal development when I'm speaking of that. When I'm talking about personal development, I'm not talking about my career or money or where you talking about. I'm talking about myself, who I am, like what I can offer. If you say some wild shit, wild shit, which you have said some things that are kind of wild. I mean, I'm not going to retaliate by fucking, I'm going to go fuck on, but it, it, it, it, it, like those things which are very often traits and a lot of people went men and women. So those are what I'm talking about as far as personal development. I'm not letting those things. I understand that, but you know, man, what I've said is rooted in.  in fact, I'm simply saying that that's great that you work on yourself and your work on your personal development. However, it's not required because as a woman, your beauty comes first. So you're going to get certain opportunities afforded to you for no other fact than you have a vagina in your insurance. But let me finish. What keeps a man and how we keep a man is based on how we think. But remember, I said, I said, I'm mentality about the situation. You're missing the point. I'm simply talking about attracting the man. Attaining is another game. We're not talking about that right now. We're talking about simply attracting. He's crazy. Attracting and retaining are two different things. Attracting and retaining are two different things. All right. You're talking about retaining. I work on myself. I'm talking about both. Well, we're talking about attracting. That's that's totally all I was talking about. And when I said that a woman can't necessarily give you advice, it comes in down to the attracting portion because women don't really understand what it takes to be attractive as a man. You know what you'll respond to it. You'll know what's attractive when it happens, but you can't necessarily articulate or teach a man how to do it as what I'm trying to say. And it was proven just now.  All right, Jay. All right, we got a can of eight K in the house. I love it. Your face been tied for the last hour. I love it. This is I am committed to take the show over you. I know I'm long. I just keep me to my brothers. This is 500 K. Yeah, I got to shout with 100%. Oh, I know you don't really drink like that. I'll do it, bro, because I love you. My boys. Hey, the slap. I'm gonna take all your. I'm gonna take a reason. We need we need one. The reason why I go to show too is that, you know, my man, Andrew Tate. Yeah, I had a bottom interview. No, that's a big G right? Yeah. So you don't need that. But I know he goes to his family right. Well, you let's just take a shot real quick. This is just to show everybody my boys. I really don't want to put your drink. Yeah, I love I could make some sorry guys. I was just a big fan. I'm a woman. My boys and women. I even know I hate you, bro. No, I can see it. I can see it. I can see it. Show it to my mom. Hey, this is her up. Oh, shit, I got the sign. I got the whole one.  Brian Road. Right I get in space welcome to the streets my Fuck hey, by the way, I just want to say you know congratulations you boys Been a very you know interesting up and now a year, you know and I'm glad you guys are so surviving here I love what's going on here and I'm so told the guests as well, you know I let it back in fourthed child. This is amazing. I mean, and you know Andrew your star I'm surviving G. You know, I'm doing that. I was example. Yeah It's a pretty good example  I just drank Hennessy bro. I know Flash why you pretend it listen honey. That makes I'm gonna I've been in the club with fresh for the last four days Dude is in the club like robocops and then looking for people to network with doesn't drink at all However, I had to eat shall we Tell you bro, you don't want full of chairs sit up Oh, no, no, come on man. No, they give you go into the club. You got the Mask on right now, man, no she got some sauce for you brother She hates me. No, she doesn't I'm listening to her. She got some she has to eat the right nice I'm waiting for it I got a skim mask on I got a gun But okay, so going back to your point go ahead Who me yeah, what was my point was I talking about exactly all right no we got our all 10 minutes All right next All saying is that women aren't equipped to  help guys with getting girls. Perhaps. And I'm saying your personal development is fantastic, but I'm saying it's not necessarily required for you to attract the man. That's what I'm saying. Okay. Whereas like a mass personal development is very important for him to. So maybe maybe I miss worded what I was... Miss interpreter, what I was trying to tell you? No, maybe I miss worded what I was saying is that it's not necessarily what I'm trying to help with is not necessarily about attracting a woman is more so about keeping a woman. Or developing healthy man or woman. Doesn't really matter. And developing healthy relationships. That's really what I care about. And also just not judging people and being nice. What? Also a question. I like to be nice. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, question. You, uh, single? Who me? Yeah, you. Oh, shit. So it's, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's complicated. So what happened? Let me tell you what happened. There was this dude, right? And they were seeing it on and off. She wasn't really into him. And then she came on the podcast with tape. Oh. Oh. Jing.  I know he's watching he's watching right now. I think he probably is come try Akito. No, but no, the ladies have been on the panel been fantastic. Good sports. I appreciate you guys, you know, being good sports. Oh, they press me said it best. Don't chase hose because they come with this cheddar. That was only focus on that paperwork because these women coming with that regardless. And if she won't do it, her friend will act. You guys don't say to that. No, that's right. Yeah. Hey, listen, one of the real times me explain the tax man. Yeah, that's the girl. No, you got us in trouble, bro. Boom. It's okay though. Yo, something I'm gonna go. Yeah, little boom as well, man. Yeah. I'm here to say shot to my nigga fresh. Shot to my nigga. My man. Hey man. Nice to meet you, bro. Boy, little boom man. Fire music. Oh, yo, yo, man. Oh, it's okay. You see the network man.  We got we got entertain Yeah, it's a little woman of fucking Sam rubra leaf to the leaf thing out leave it out Leave one up bigger. It's a gun coach. I got a couch Yo shout to leave man for a risk. Act is not as great without leaf leave does a lot of shit behind the scenes act You're fraud bro. Your man does everything No, but shout out to leaf man leaf puts in that fucking work behind the scenes for act man Okay, I think that's it so Yeah, last thoughts on the show last thoughts on the show ladies. So we'll start here I think this show is pretty good very informative. I just been listening to everything you guys are saying and I I truly do agree with actually they show a lot Wait, we're not massages. Damn it Oh, it's just a trigger you guys. All right, we failed. I love how we respect each other's repot like you know boundaries I'm off course is your Drunk I am and I love how  I think we don't realize sometimes like how hard it can be for a man to but your beach game was trash. I know the audience is going to want to know where you from? I'm from Quebec, much. I'm French Canadian. She's trouble. I don't know time. Anyways, I think it was good. And as long as we respect each other, we can learn from each other and I really like this conversation. I agree. As always guys, it's lovely. Chris loves you. Keeps inviting you back. I don't know why. Lovely. You know, because she's why Chris why? She's spirit. Hey, gentlemen, y'all need some  Rocky on y'all beers. Rocky beer. Wake up yourself. Hey. Oh, wait, myself. What? Miss, uh, Nina, say much. It was a really good show. I was just listening and taking everything in. I've been on here twice. The, please, Mike. It's a funny face. Put it in. Yeah. Third time. There you go. Perfect. Like, I love the me. Lips it up. All right. And there you go. OK. There you go. But yeah, I definitely changed my perspective on some things. So. Not curious. What did you change your perspective on? Not curious. Well, what he was saying about, you know, the men in the one or the higher level men who may, you might need to give up, like, needing that loyalty type thing. Yeah. So yeah, that. OK. That's tight. That's tight. I definitely think that it's a really cool experience for us to all learn from one another as far as the men in the women understanding where.  where we may be misunderstood each other commonly. So I think that if we... There's no way it matters! Fuck you! All right, thank you. All right. We'll take time to class. I understand. I really did hear... I did hear things there. I call you mommy. I never would have thought of it that way, but I also think that the... The counter to that is that you all... You all is in the men. Okay. You should also listen to where we're coming from. And I think that... You're the matter! What's your thing? No, what's your thing? I don't know. I love it. I think you would be really cool. The experience to... If we really took the time to learn it. Stop! But you all... Stop! All right, fuck you. No, no, no. So it's so much for me. I'm so mad. Get the trap. It's ready to talk. It's gonna be nice. Cut down.  What's the name of your bodyguests? What your podcast recording is free game? It's free game. It's a period. It's on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, Audible. It's on YouTube. It's not on YouTube? No, it's on YouTube. I just put it on YouTube. It's going to be on Facebook. What's your channel? Jade Ramy. Okay. Cool. It's on every streaming, major streaming platform. I heard radio. Everything. Cool. I love it. Free game. Check it out, guys. Don't listen to the advice that you have. Oh, my gosh. All right. What about you? Um, everybody did good tonight. Um, well, she's doing great. She's doing a lot of good. She's doing a lot of good. She's doing a lot of good. Everybody's doing good. I mean, I love her. Listen, people. First of all, first of all, first of all, everybody got their own opinions or whatever. So women got their own opinion, men got their own opinion or whatever. But I.  I did it in the end of the day. Buh, buh, buh, buh. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I did it. I'm not going to say nobody wrong or nobody right. Everybody got their own opinion. Everybody's right in their own motherfucking way. So, you know, these are facts. We can get this right. We can tell. You're a Chuck Mnuffin. That's that. No, Mon. That is what you want. What do you want? What do you want? I don't need security. In a way. No. I got Mon on fire. I don't need security to club. Relax. Well, it was fun experience. And I agree with MoSA what said. I agree that we're many, but many are different. And we all need different things. And just because I'm not in that 99%, doesn't mean that you guys are not wrong. I don't know right about the assumptions that you guys make. So I agree with you ain't got that  It's a sweet. Oh, not Kanye. My finger slipped. That's only on Tuesdays. I see I feel like this March. Oh, that wasn't me. That was no Chris. Yeah. I see I feel like this. March. Triti don't experience. And guys, by the March, by the way, what? Don't worry about Chris. He's advertising for a guy behind the screen. Yeah. He's drunk. He's drunk. Not lit. You guys are some pretty cool individuals. And it was definitely great listening to you guys voice, your opinions and your perspectives on different things. And we definitely got to learn a lot of things as well. Cool. All right. And then, uh, Hey, hey, I'm just gonna say this because I've been pretty much off of this episode. This I don't know why I've been. I can't listen. Now, because I want to do what I don't really do. There's been some cap and going on in. Love. When I've seen the  I heard some of these answers, you know what I mean? It was very intolerable, but I know my G over there. Angie Tate was going to handle it. Well, I'm just sad as her. And she knows who she is. She was like, yeah, she never shared a nigga. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When I was coming up and she got that, he's down stairs been waiting for four hours. Like it's a parent teacher conference. He got it in here. He's doing it. No. Oh, it was a real nigga. If you should get that, you got to share that nigga. Oh, I see that. She made my son a big time. I love it. It's my shilla baby, Doug. You got where is you? I'm sorry. That's me. Yeah. How you doing, buddy? How you doing, buddy? I'm sharing the nigga, but you got to share that. You're going to stop. It's all good. You're the first thing to do. I saw it in the end. It was three years old. Yeah, trust me. Like, yeah, I'm going to be able to give him a stiff arm. Yeah. It's rough. Not granddaddy. But again, all that cannibal saying all here to him, I would never share it.  I'm about to get that million. You know, life insurance. Stop the fucking cap. Any time now we catch COVID down here. It's a wrap. You might get a little bit of a million. Oh my god. Get back to reality. What? I mean, I hit the old always holler. I mean, I mean, I hit the old always holler. They were told. I hit the old one. There's nothing wrong with that. I hit the old one. Hey, you don't want to come on here. I hit the old always holler. Who the person talking on the me? I have a lot in my life. Make up or. J. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up. Make up.  He beg me to come up here. Who were the lucks? I can't touch the nation. Tomorrow. He won. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you are right. Because when he walked through a door like, who's Grandpa is this? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, he's, you know, we celebrate, you know, there's a 500K, you know, stream, you know, fresh and fit. It's the whole thing. I'm gonna give a fuck. Yeah, I see some of these six on here. So confidence, so arrogant, they're, they're, they're what? I was sharing. Nick is, you got a whole sugar daddy downstairs. Oh, you were there like, it's a heart attack. Oh, true. It's your main test as well. Yes, please. And we got to keep it real. Take care of him. Where is it? Do you know how? Is he your family? Oh, it's, it's, it's, he's waiting. No, no, no. Oh, I can't, I'm gonna stress you. Oh, I was part of Jamaica. I come from, I was there. I'm German. I suppose I, and they go who she with is straight call okay, it's my bed. Oh, yeah.  I Is not like because I began a bunch of phone calls about complaints among dusters, bro I want you on the pump boom. He went Yo, you gotta keep on it. You got that Onus the brain times downstairs Answer First of all, first of all, I'm from, I'm from Port Antonio, Jamaica, Port Antonio. He's not my motherfucking sugar daddy.  I Know What I Know Talk to the mic Talk to the mic We don't believe He's 73 Talk to the mic Who is it? I Know Show for 3 3 He's Pop 2 7 7 3 7 3 He's He's He's He's He's  I don't care what he is to you, but when I was coming in to see my homies, for me, I popped up on the front door, I talked, I popped up on the mouse and I saw an old white dude who was like, they said, he's not white, he's Italian. That's what he is. That's what he is. That's what he is. He's my dumb, we know dumb, he's my dumb. Yo, I think you lied to him because he don't know what a podcast is, he thinks you had a parent teach a cop. This is a guy who keeps it running. He's a dumb guy. Oh, shit. Yo, you know what I'm saying? Who might? Yo, yo, they got a defibrillator downstairs. I want to stand by. He's 70. No, he don't know what a podcast is. He's 70. He got a walker. What do you do? Come on now. He doesn't. He doesn't. I remember him from the lobby. I remember him from the lobby. He was struggling with driving. He was struggling with driving. He was struggling with driving.  I mean, that's the best I lost. He was like, you have to be a zombie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you like? What are you like? Who do you like? You're not past six. He was white man. White man. White man. White man. White man. White man. I don't know if this people are working. That's why I came to that in the last year. I mean, I'm going to live forever. I just lost a mic working. You look troublemakers. I don't know if you're a mic working. I mean, that's his big work. I mean, that's his big work. There you are. I don't know if you're a mic working. Go ahead. Yeah, yeah, I need to know one more the fucking thing. I'm not fucking to do for money. He do what the fuck I want to do. Why the fuck? Why the fuck? Why the fuck? You're not gonna do whatever you want to call him. Call him whatever the fuck you want to call him. But I'm not fucking. So he's not going to lie. You know what I mean? He's not going to lie. He's not going to lie. So anyways, did that Italian who he call?  Don't play with us. She's trying to act like he's the white like you know Jeffrey the butler. No, that's your sugar daddy. He's the black white dude. Don't play with him. I'm telling you we mobbed up. We mobbed up. I got the money though. We mobbed up. You mobbed up. Get ready. We have mobbed up. Niga, you're from Jamaica like me. I was going in the white. I'm going to say it by my car. Tell you is that he was capin' on here. The reason why I come on early and he's posing is because there's no exposing. I don't give up. He was capin' out. Bring him right in here. Bring him in here. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. Bring him in. I'm going to show. I'm going to show. I'm going to show.  Oh my god. I'm nation. You know what it is. Oh my god. I'm just really, really, really, really, really. I'm just really happy. I'm really happy. I think I've worked out what happened. Wow. I don't do what I want. I don't do what I want. You know, Aaron. Aaron. Yeah. You were losing her follicles doing all these mental gymnastics. While they're capping. Let's show you that he's downstairs. Yo. He's saying. That contract. Exactly. Hold on, hold on. Hold on, hold on. Just want to do it. No, no, no. Hold on. I keep it. Miss Jamaica. Miss Jamaica. Hold on. Hold on. Stop the show. Stop the show. This is what we're gonna do. This is what we're gonna do. We have very much stairs. I'm a Patum Down, though. I'm in. He's going through security, of course. And we can see we can ask him no your phones over there. Okay. Okay.  Oh shit All right Me and my tings I Up Get ahead and for the phone I'll speak or you gotta talk to more of they're watching Some coincidence take a voice I T. Marry everybody Seriously She's not go ahead baby finish your bag What is you doing? I said what the fuck you doing? What are you doing? I'm coming soon. What you doing? I mean my fucking car Okay, so you need to calm the fuck down I'm coming soon. I'm just calling you to see what the fuck you're doing What you doing?  I can't even shoot. One hour 40 seconds. Can you fucking calm the fuck down, nigga? Like, I'm just telling you, I'm coming soon. I'm coming with the fuckery. I'm coming soon. I'm just ending that with a finger-baby relationship. I'm sorry. I'm just going to wait. That's all I'm trying to fix. Are you in the parking lot? It's a clip. I'm here, and I got to drive out of here. And go and shoot that fucking shot. Oh, all right. I'm coming soon. You fucking take your ass, baby. Yeah. I'm gonna shoot that. Yeah, it should only be a pretty short door. And it's her friend. It's her. Yeah, it's so big. Yeah, swear on the line if I saw him bullshitting. What? Let's try and shoot that. No. No, no, no, no. I'm broke. I'm broke. He's the likes of a kid. My name is a kid. And the likes of a kid. My homin. He's the like, a kid. Oh, god, nigga. Let's check your ass. I'm gonna shoot that baby. I'm gonna shoot that. Oh, hey. Oh, yeah, it's your ass, mom. Oh, it's his second sugar baby.  to expose this. Supplying to man maybe. Supplying to. And there was no supply. There was no demand. All right. You're beautiful. You're beautiful for money. Jamaica. Jamaica. Sit down please. What's that fucking imperial? That's the. Oh, Jamaica. You got a 60. No, I got a 60, a 73 year old guy has scored you to the first year. Yeah. You're an opportunity. You're an opportunity. You're an opportunity. You're an opportunity. You're an opportunity. Can I talk? Can I talk? Okay. First of all, yes. Where? Because you'll see somebody with a 60 year old. Can I talk? Yeah. You're just laughing and talking. Go ahead. Because the officer. The audience said like I was reading the chat. They liked it. It's a sugar that he comes from. Okay. First of all, my de fuckers. Right here. Hey, let me tell you something. Check your ass out. That's fucking this dude for nothing. And he'll do whatever the fuck I told him to do. Uh-huh. I'll tell him.  to do it on matter first of all, okay? Sounds like a friend, male friend. Okay. It's that 80 year old O.C. now being a child. Hey, you, hey. Please, hey, family friend. My mother had no idea my dad, no idea, it don't mutha fucking mad. Period. I'm not fucking him. That's the thing. He drive me where I need to go. He helped me out because I need help. Okay. My parents not mutha fucking helping me. My mom not helping me. My dad not helping me. My dad and Jamaica, my mom up here. My mom barely can't help me. I'm doing everything by my mother fucking self. I'm 22 years old. I'm doing everything. Is it seeking arrangements or another site? You talking to my brother? We can arrange this first of all. That's Woussa baby. Woussa. I didn't meet him. I know seeking arrangements. Woussa, my mom. What do you mean him? I'm the keeper. So he's your friend. He gives everything and gets nothing. Let me ask you something.  circle. They get the baby. We'll go for that. Yeah. I like it. I want to make it. They got a beautiful dinner. I'm a curious. Do we have to do you have? Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I need to know something. Listen. I need to know. I need to know. Of course. Do you have a spiritual connection? I need to know. I need to know. I need to know.