 you you  you you  People who do not need times to themselves, there are people there's an Indian, an Islam or there's a guy in Islamabad who'll do your job online for $3 an hour, he doesn't sleep. You're gonna lose, right? So, if you're gonna be lazy in any regard, you have to understand there are people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day. When I finish this, I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work on my way to my next appointment and then I'm gonna work all night till the day I go. When I go to sleep, I close my laptop and I'm asleep a minute later. I work, that's all I do. Speed is extremely important in business. Everything that needs to be done must be done fast. That doesn't mean it has to be done sheet, more shit. It means it has to be done quickly. People seem to conflate the two. If you do something quickly, it must be terrible. That's not the case. When you're a professional fighter, you learn to punch. Your instructor says fast or faster, faster, faster you learn to punch faster. You don't to grade your punch. You don't start punching like an idiot.  You keep the same quality of punch, but you do it quicker. Now, nobody in the world, the modern world especially, and I'm going to say this, I'll caveat that I've learned across my career as well. Especially if you're dealing with creative people in any kind of regard. They don't understand speed. Numbers people kind understand speed. Creating people don't understand speed. And this is, they have a strength and a weakness there. With creative people have something I don't have. They're very creative and they can see things I can't see. It's time. I'm the complete opposite. I want everything done straight away now. But speed is super important for a business. I'm going to tell you why. So whatever you're thinking of doing, whatever the business you're thinking of running, you need to do things quickly. If an airplane, I wonder how planes work, is flying through the sky, arrow, beautiful demonstration through there, a beautiful fucking dive round. Even if it's engines fail, it will continue to fly. If the engines fail, it will not fall out of the sky and instantly crash to the ground. They'll continue to fly. Do you know why? Because...  as it has forward momentum. It's going forward, and that means the wings are creating lift, air is going underneath the plane. As long as the plane goes forward, it will not fall and fail. And a business is exactly the same. The key with business is to make sure you're always moving forward, always producing content, and always doing everything you can as quickly as possible. While maintaining the quality, do not conflate quality with speed. You can do the same. If you have an idea right now and you have someone you're working with, let's say you need a new website. Until the company is going to take two weeks. No, it's not going to take two weeks, we can take three days or not find someone else. We can't do it in three days, I'll find someone who can't. You can build a good website in three days. People have long realistic, stupid time frames. Everyone thinks things take forever. Things don't take forever. Things can be done quickly. I know, because I've done it. I've pushed people or done it myself and seen what's going to be done. You know what I could do in two weeks? Me as a man who knows nothing about web design. In two weeks, I could learn web design and build a website.  And I know nothing. So how the fuck can you, the guy who knows websites, take two weeks to build a fucking website? It's garbage. Everyone is slow. And being slow is deadly to a company for two reasons. What? The faster you get things online, the faster you start making money. Now, if you make money today because you were in a rush, let's say you quickly push and you get online today and you make money. That's one universe. And another universe where it takes a week and you get it online. That week of making money is gone. That money is lost. The longer it takes to get something online, the less money you're gonna make as a whole. If I start a company today to the end of my life and start a company next month to the end of my life, the what I start today's been running longer is gonna generate more money. The quicker things are done, the quicker money is made. It's as simple as that. That's starring a company. Even if the company is already online, speed is super important once again. I'll give you an example. Let's say, uh, I don't know, producing an advert. The faster you're producing.  an advert, the faster it's out, the faster you get results. If you do it quick enough, you might be able to produce two adverts in the time that other people take to produce one. Now you have to double the advertising that other people have. Speed, you have to attack, and you have to move quickly. When I talk to people, people say to me, I have a business idea. So that can cool me. A week later, I'll say, how's your business? You go, what business? You have an idea, and it's been a week. Where's your fucking company? Where's your business? It's been a week here in Dunes' Shick. People are lazy, people are slow, people are complacent, including you. Everything must happen instantly, quickly, fast, speed, attack. Hitler conquered Europe with blitzkrieg. Your need to go quickly. I cannot emphasize this enough. Lesson one, speed is important. Nothing can be slow. Happiness is the number one thing that must be error. And I'll tell you that my happiness is based on very real world achievement. I couldn't be happy about what's broke. I couldn't be happy about what's obese. I couldn't be happy about what's lonely. I couldn't be happy if I wasn't respected. I couldn't be happy if I couldn't whoop a dude's ass. I couldn't be happy.  happy in the scenario so I made sure none of them scenarios came true. I have hurt, I have illness, via hard work. It's the top of a mountain which I have climbed, I deserve it. I deserve to go to sleep, but smile on my fucking face and wake up between two bitches. That's why I fucking deserve. And every single guy who hasn't got it probably doesn't deserve it. The universe is very giving and very fair. People seem to think that the world is unfair and those are all the same people who tell themselves they're unlucky. I actually believe the opposite. I believe the universe is a very giving place. I believe God is a very giving being. And that I think the world all and all generally balances out and is pretty fair. If you're the kind of person who deserves a good life and works our ass off and genuinely wants it and tries very hard, guess what you get 99% the time? A good life. If you're the kind of person who doesn't really deserve it, slacks three days a week, a little bit lazy, snakes his friends, talks behind people back, blah blah blah, guess what? Your life thing, all that good. The universe is pretty fair and pretty balanced. I've yet to meet somebody who gets up every day, does what they're supposed to do, works hard, goes to the gym, then goes to work, does their best. Makes her money, looks after it, is sensible, doesn't blow it, etc., etc. Who then fails?  I'd never met anybody who fails when they do all the right things. The universe is a very fair and giving place all in all. There are very few exceptions to that, so when I see somebody who doesn't have the success they want, especially when I see less say a group of people don't have the success they want, there's no way you're all exceptions to that rule. You may want something but you certainly don't deserve it, and that's why you don't have it. Get back to fucking work. It's time to get back to work. Stop here on your self talk, get off the podcast, don't be on source of media too much, put out all the fucking noise, get back to the fucking mental lab, because that's what the knowledge came from. That's all about. It's about gaining control of your mind, putting things back in the proper perspective, and then saying, I really do want to be here. I'm going to have a bunch of these one seconds, do this 130 hour journey, and I have to learn to control these, because if I fail one of these one seconds, I will not be a seal.  not be a doctor or not be a lawyer or not be whatever the fuck it is. Because I sound important that one second decision is, it's all about your mind takes control of you. You have to say fuck you. I run this motherfucker. What do you think most people get wrong about motivation? They think it's a permanent fix. They think it's something that is... are constant. They think that maybe once I get it, I'm going to hold on to it. And that's the thing about that I was telling you over the hours talk about, it's nothing is permanent. Nothing is permanent. And a lot of times you have to learn to perform without motivation. You have to learn before without purpose. You have to learn to perform a lot of different things. And that's what people think. They think I need to have this motivation to work out, to study, to be better. But they don't have it. They just don't fucking.  doing and that's where you fail. You have to learn to train your mind well beyond motivation. If you have motivation that's great. That's some kin-leam to the fire. All it takes is a little bit of fucking spark you can learn a whole four stuff. But motivation you have to learn to exist without it. You have to learn to be, you have to be your best self when you're least motivated. And that's the tricky part about all that shit. Motivation is just a word. You have to have these different things in your mind on where you want to go and know that motivation is not going to get me there. Because I'm not going to always be motivated. Chaco said the exact same thing. He said that discipline needs motivation for breakfast. And discipline is good too. But without a clear headspace, there's no discipline. What do you mean? So let's say we have a circuit break. Okay? And I'm loading everything up to one fucking circuit. There's loaded up. It's gonna fucking blow.  And once that thing blows man the circus all fucked up. You gotta have each thing plugged into the right spot like a fucking crowded garage. You can't put anything in it. Once your brain is crowded, discipline is great, motivation is great, but if you can't fit shit in your brain because it's all fucking cluttered with shit, there's no discipline. And your brain is the most powerful weapon. I talk about that in one of these chapters. Your brain is the most powerful weapon in the world. Once you put away your phones and your computers and all that shit we have nowadays, that's great. We're up to date. But your brain is the only thing you have when you're going through depression, when you're going through hard times, you're going through death, real life shit. You can't Google that shit man. You're alone. You're alone, you may have a shrink.  you're going to, you may have a best friend you're going to, but there's 24 hours in the day where you're alone in this brain. And your brain is talking to you in all kinds of ways. And it wants to control you, and pull you in these different pockets. If you can't control your own brain, and your brain controls you, you're fucked. You gotta tell your brain where you wanna go and how you wanna go and how you wanna get there. You gotta control it. If not, it's over. A lot of people sit back and they dream about being a sports figure, or dream about being a seal, or dream about being an astronaut. And all it is is a motherfucking dream. You don't put the work behind the dream. That dream has become their fucking master. When you become the master of your fucking dream, is when you say, I wanna go be a Navy SEAL, and you say, okay, I'm gonna lose a hundred and six pounds less than three fucking months. The dream was the one thing I thought about, and the dream was not gone. Now, what comes in? The dream goes,  way in the fucking laundry list of fucking details and tasks come up. God do this, God you, this, God you, this, God do this. That's when you become the master of your dream. What existed for me was okay man, how am I going to fucking make this work? And all I knew back then was hard work. The only way anything gets accomplished. I saw I heard back in those days, you got to work hard, you got to work hard. I'm not getting how to, I can't get this paragraph. I can't remember with the fucks in this paragraph, the path that's test to get the military. Read again. Good I'm getting it. Read again. But if not getting it, write it out. And that's how I started learning. Okay well, I can't, I got to write out every fucking thing I do. And then write it out again. And write it out again. And guess what happened? I got it. I got it. I can't swim. I'm negative point. Go back again. I can't swim. Go back again. Go back again. Go back again.  I got it. I realize if I keep going back and going back and going back until the shit just becomes your mind will say fuck. Okay, we're gonna figure it out. Because he is not going to stop. But where do you go to? You wake up on a morning, it's cold, it's wet, it's dark, you've got no cartilage in your knee, you've got shitty shorts, whatever it is that's the issue today. Keep talking. You've got these problems, right? I need you to keep talking about what you were just saying. It's warm on the couch, your Mrs. says staying in bed, it's comfy, it's cozy, you've got work later on, you had an argument last night, you're slightly hungover. God, I know every motherfucker ain't gonna do what I'm gonna do. So this is how you level up. That's how you level up. I know there's a whole bunch of people with that right there, that fires me up. That makes me fucking happy with you this. That brings Jordan.  my life right there. Why? Because I know there's so many people that have the ability and just refuse to get off that couch. Refuse to study a few more. Refuse to go deeper to go further. And that's where I gained the advantage. It's so easy to be great nowadays, my friend, because most people are weak. Most people don't want to go to that extra mile. Most people don't want to find that extra because it sucks. It's miserable. It's lonely. You talk about that you were kind of lonely by yourself. I was the same way. All the fucking times that I was like, this is like I'm not going back. I'm not going back. I'm not going back. I'm not going back. I'm not going back. I'm not going back. It showed me even more of what we have as humans. If we're willing to go there and we're willing to push that extra step. And like I say, you know, I always tell people, why do you do what you do? And then a day I...  I asked myself one question, can I take one more step? And usually the answer is yes. So if you can answer that question and not take another step, that is real failure. That is real quitting. So a lot of people can take one more step and they choose not to. I don't know if you can take two steps. You get to answer that question and have to take the first step. I don't know what that dream is that you have. How do you how far that's that might appear to be? How do you how disappointing might have been as you've been working to want that dream? But here's what I know. But that dream that you're holding in your mind that it's possible. In the process of working on your dreams, you are going to enter a lot of disappointment, a lot of failure, a lot of pain, a lot of setbacks, a lot of defeat.  But in a process of doing that, you will discover some things about yourself that you don't know right now. Most people think they're disqualified from becoming mega successful. They think they're past disqualifies them. They're mistakes. They're seven. You don't know, man. I've had it divorced. You don't know. I failed in this other business. You don't know. And the last down real estate market I lost it all. You don't know what I'm addicted to. You don't know my mistakes. You don't know my weaknesses. You don't know what I'm not good at. You don't know. I've always been average in ordinary. I've always been invisible. And so that disqualifies me from being successful. So what you do regularly is you disqualify yourself. What I'm saying to you, what if the truth was that your greatest mistakes are the very things that do qualify you? What if that's the case? What you will realize is that you have greatness within you. What you will realize is that you are more powerful than you could ever begin to imagine. What you will realize is that you are greater than your circumstances.  that you don't have to go through life being a victim. If you can survive temporary pain, on the other side of temporary pain, you will meet another version of you. With, by the way, all pain is temporary. The only thing permanent is our soul, even our bodies are temporary. So all pain, no matter what it is, it is temporary. And if you can survive it, on the other side of it, you will meet personality traits, emotions, thoughts, people, circumstances, versions of you, that you didn't know existed before. If you want to make your dream the common reality, the people that are running at their dreams, that it's possible that you can live your dream. That's it's necessary that you relentless that you have a plan about you, that you are creative. That know if it's going to happen, it's up to them. And they're resolving within themselves, it's not over until I win it. They're thankful that are running after that dream. Know they're going to have hard times to keep on running, because they're saying within themselves, no matter how bad it is or how bad it gets. I'm going to make it...  I'm not here because I'm super-oppressive because I'm not every time I wanted to quit this business. I didn't make a decision to not quit the rest of my life. I made a decision not to quit for one more day. One more day just took away one more day. What if the truth is that changing your life is one way? One decision, one meeting, one conversation, one extra phone call, one extra rep in the gym. You start stacking up those one more. That's the separator. You are one decision away from changing your life. You are one new meeting, one new relationship, one new contact, one new action, one new decision away from shifting your life from where it is right now to a totally different place. There's something you've been hesitating on. There's a card jack you need to make. There's a job you need to quit. I don't know what it is, but I know there's a decision that you need to make to take you to the next level because decision shape our destiny when they're backed up by some massive badass action. But you can't take the action if you don't decide. I'll let you know they're not not not not not.  I will not forgive his rage, you did not do a reward for what? I will not! I will not, cylinder! I will outlast every trial and every simulation that comes in my life. You meet a family that is wealthy, stop wham back in their lineage generation, they word and then something happens. The one shows up and average family, there's the one and that one changes family birth work. And I'm the one. I know it's a little bit of a joke like we used to think. I'm the one who made the calls, I'm the one who made the calls, I'm the one who sold hours and hours for people to say no. I'm the one who dealt with the heat, I'm the one who typed all the emails, I'm the one who returned all the messages, I'm the one who dealt with all the stress, and the strife, and the cancellations, and the back talking, and the people who encheeked their word to me, and the typical cold times, I'm the one who lost sleep at night, I'm the one who got up early, I'm the one who appeared the emotional burden of a wealthy, chip like you are. The one is you.  You've got to take personal responsibility. You've got to make it your personal business to make it happen And you got to reason I'm within yourself that I can do this. I'm the one I'm the one I'm the one to make this happen. I'm the one to become successful in this business. It's possible I can live my dream. It's necessary. I worked on myself. It's me. I got to make it happen in a matter of one month One month, it's one day one a count one One minute your life can change in a moment and if you don't know that you will miss someone may show up Of what if you believe that and you live in anticipation of finding them now you were ticker activating See if they've been what they've made you for it. She or she thought they're hearing before It'll be those things that they didn't feel before and it tries to prove you right that you what your head down If you get focused if you're worried about what everybody thinks if you start pursuing a person you were Tramble up if you start competing with the efforts you make every single day your life changes  Because  Well, I'll have a nice looking coffee shop. They'll have a nice chair. That'll look nice, whatever. But they very rarely sell the need. If I had a coffee shop, I would have a massive sign outside saying tired, question mark, nice warm coffee. The knee, because everyone's tired, aren't they? Everyone's stressed. Someone's going through life. They're tired. I'm a bit nice warm coffee. Okay. Walk in. That's selling the knee. I don't say a rabbit cobbines in a car. It gives you. I walk into a coffee shop and by the time I've walked out, I already know exactly how to open up next door and how to compete the pet's done. I already have worked out. How much is the rent? Where are they fucking up? What are they not selling? They should be selling. What are they doing good? What are they doing bad? This chair is too hard. I'll record. And now my network is so powerful, which is the second point network. I can send a few messages on WhatsApp and make a bank transfer.  And two months later, there was a brand new coffee shum. Next door, we'll mind the hate on it. Put my business. Come on, beans. Sell the need at all times. Never kick your eye off that prize. If you're still paying attention, which your mother shouldn't be right that down. Already, all the information I've given you should be formulating how you view business. While at the core of it, always you have money in. And it's your business. The rest is both everything has to feed back to this. Selling the need will feed back to this. People buy things they need. They sometimes buy things they want. But they always buy things they need. They should give 100 people a $1,400 check, right? Everyone understands you can't just leave it in the bank forever because of inflation. The value goes down because what happens when they print trillions of dollars from the sky, the dollar becomes less valuable. And now we're living in a world right now where inflation's getting out control, especially in America, right? And the last year, inflation's up like 6%, 7%. So no more person's going to take that money and just leave it in the bank. We're going to either spend it or invest.  Let's say there's a hundred poor people and a hundred poor people spend their money. What are they spending? Businesses. Who owns businesses? Rich Beans. Amazon. Their stock price went up 30% why? Because people are getting stimulus checks and spending on Amazon. You know, I went to the rich guy. And then they go, oh yeah, but what about the invested, invested where? Invested in the stock market? That increases the stock price. Who owns the company? Rich Beans. You've made them richer. What if you and all your poor friends, 20 poor friends would be more than 20. One hundred poor friends for all your money and together. I bought one house between you. That still takes one house off the market, raises the property value of that area. Who already owns those expensive houses? Rich Beans. So I was like, I want money. What is money? How do banks work? How does credit work? What's fractional reserve banking? All these things we now know to be the biggest cons of the century, right? So I'm sitting there researching money for days and days and days. And the  I get more mad because I'm like whoa, whoa, money's trash and I don't have any. Now I'm really, now I'm really annoyed, right? I thought, I thought like everyone else did that, you know, everyone puts their money in the bank and the bank takes some of other people's money and lends it out. I didn't really admit it from the sky. I still, I still at that point thought money was linked to gold. I didn't know nothing. So I'm learning all this stuff and I'm getting really angry. I'm like, now this is really annoying me. So anyway, I got out of piece of paper there and I'm in my research phase and I start writing down, I started trying to write down what I had. It's like I have an apartment, I have a BMW. I could, I'm in good shape, but I already use that. I have a few. Tessa was gonna say, I got a half mile up. I got to take it easy on him. Frick, I'm a nice guy. You're very intense. Yeah, I'm a nice guy. You know what I'm like, listen, you had your, okay, tomorrow boom, I swear, I swear, I'm out. I'm not you being kind. Do you spend train every day, every day?  just to like this part of your routine. It's part of my now I don't fight professionally anymore, but now it's just part of my routine. Just 45 minutes an hour, whatever in the morning, just to you know, it's part of my routine. Pilates, sweatiest, right? Pilates, come on. Pilates. Um, well, I live with my brother and my cousins. Oh, God. Yeah. I live with my brother and my cousin. I try and beat one of them up, but if it, but if you spar all the time, you get injuries or whatever. So I'll lift weights or we'll push the sled around or whatever, whatever we'll find, we'll find something to do. But I train every day. Yeah. But yeah, he had a good, he had a good day. I think I was supposed to say this is Lord Fett's milk, or I think he has one more thing here. I strive for fucking perfection. No, sorry. Perfection. He's stealing from us. The under 120 pounds for starters, period. You were over 120 pounds. He would drunk on top of that. I just suck. I'm like, chocolate a bit just because I'm a good sport. I am a fucking force. It isn't that. Look at that. I do not want to get on somebody's itching.  I'm not fucking solid. At least fairly solid. So I like it. I love this guy. Unfortunately, he passed away. Oh, I thought to invite him out to Romania. I said, so let's go pimping, gee. Can I have two more coffees, please? Oh, he had to fucking ask again. I was supposed to be what? Un. Prompted. Yeah. No, but yeah, look, there's a whole bunch of delusion in this space. And it's not just these guys. There's loads of guys and I have a load of guys for credible in the space who like invite me on and stuff. And I sit there listening to the things they want from a woman. And they don't understand the reality. The reality of the world is that beautiful women have all the choices in the world. If they have all the choices in the world and you're not competitive, how the fuck are you going to pull it off with a bit of gain? We all talk about money. I want to make something clear about money. Getting rich is probably the worst thing that can happen to the majority of them. Most men are not ready for money. And I say this because I was broke for a very long time that's a very difficult life and then became rich. That's why I am because money amplifies. So if you're the...  man first and then you get rich. You're the man. Yeah. If you're a punk and then you get rich, now you're a massive punk. We were just talking about this before you came. Like, thanks, thank you. Wow. Thanks, my friend. We were just talking. It happens with crypto kids, right? I had one kid come to me, some 20 year old kid who caught a pump, some stupid coin, whatever he made, 86 million dollars. Geez. And he came to me and he was like, take, I need your help that I've 86 million, bo of my life still shit. It's like, yeah, because now you're just sugar daddy. Too much a hose. Don't give a fuck about you and you're a robbery target and you're just hiding and like, like, your life's over now. Like that you should have been the man first. You could have been a big G first. You can't even fucking pull a firearm. Like what you do with. You have to worse see it. Look at it happen to you because you're never now. You're never going to want to work hard. You're never going to want to network. You never learn the skills before the modern, well, before the modern period of wealth creation. Because in hustlers university, I teach people how to make money fast. Anybody to try to make much money you should possibly can quickly. But in the old way, the old world, the only way you could make money was by talking to people, networking, sales, influence, all these things you'd learn lessons along the way. By the time you had the money,  you learn a lot about life. But now you can skip all the lessons and just get the fucking money. You're right. And these dudes are a mess, right? So wealth is the worst thing that can happen to people. So we talk about how our money attracts girls. No, a fucking doesn't. Because in the realm of a beautiful woman, everybody's rich. She will only go on dates with a man who has a nice car and pays her dinner. She may not know who's richer than the other, but in her view, men just have money. I talked to beautiful women like genuine tens. Oh, a man have money. They don't even consider some men or bores that never spoke into one. They don't know. All men just have money from the sky. That's men just have money. That's a great point. It's normal for them, right? It's kind of like having arms, right? It's like, it's not enough to attract her. She just expects it to be there. It's like, oh, yeah, you have money. And if you don't have money, she will be like, what the fuck is wrong with you? Yeah. So if you do it. So she has to then choose between really the guys, they all have money to begin with. So now she's looking actually to the next layer. Completely. So that was all the other qualities coming in. The given is so much. So money will qualify you to try. That's it.  not going to attract the woman purely unless you're literally paying her day rate and she's a hooker. So people talk about money attracting women. I know a bunch of dorks with a bunch of money and no plus because you're still a fucking nerdy. You're still a fucking nerd. Like you just got I missed that word. I use that word purpose. It's intrinsic. It's intrinsic. Like not to school. Yeah. You're a nerd. I'm a nerd. I am a nerd. Yeah. And money amplifies. I say this all the time. I'm a lamb. I'm here. I'm a nerd. If you see a dude out of a lamb. He's a skinny little guy with glasses. You're like a Technor told told you see a guy got a lamb. He's big tall strong copper tattoo big G. You're like, okay, mafia boss. It amplifies. So lamb. Amplifies. It doesn't change who you are. And money's the same. Money's an amplify. Well, because you were this guy before you had a lot of money. I suspect you had your swag before I miss being poor. I loved it. I love being broke. I'd love to go and out thinking. I need to find a bitch tonight because I need somebody to sleep.  I don't care how I feel. I don't care if I feel happier said. It doesn't really affect what I do. Each day I do the exact same things. I act the exact same way. It does, I don't care. It doesn't, I don't put weight to the significance of the emotion. So I always consider myself a happy person, but if I woke up and I was slightly less happy one day than another, it wouldn't affect anything I do and I wouldn't put any relevance to it. I'm human and that's life. But truthfully, it doesn't matter if it's getting a girl or it's making money or it's getting status, it doesn't matter what it is. As a man, we live in hyper competitive environments that I don't think enough men understand how competitive the world is. If you want a girl, you're competing against other men. You're not the only man who had the idea of getting that girl. There's no girl you're gonna see and go, ah, I'll get that girl and then cross anyone else's mind. Everybody else wants her. You have to outcompete other men. You have to be as competitive as possible. You have to be as successful as possible in all realms. You have to be as good looking, as funny, as smart, as spontaneous.  as interesting, as charismatic, as rich, as possible. You need to try very hard to be your absolute best. And as you become a better man, you'll crack through different tiers of attractiveness and eventually you get to the top and you'll be able to have any girl you want. But the truth is, I have a lot of guys ask me, similar to your question, a guy will come to me and go, how do I get a girl? My bro, you're a loser. Yeah, but I know, but how do I get a girl? Well, you're a fucking loser. You're a loser. Why are you asking me? It's like saying, how do I win a race with a push bike? You're racing for our ease. What do you want me to do? There's only so much you can do. It's only so hard you can pedal. There's only so many tricks and tips. There's only so many game things you can say, so many pickup lines. If you're a loser, it's going to be very, very difficult. And it's going to get harder and harder. The game is rigged to become harder and harder for men. It's not getting easier. It's going the other way. And if you're going to be on a race track and there's going to be Ferraris there and you're going to be on a pedal bike or in a Nissan, you're going to get smoked. That's the game. You have to improve yourself. I'm not going to lie to anybody here and say you don't have to improve yourself. You can stay a loser and get chicks because you can. I don't...  understand how many humans function in the world today. I don't get people who don't think like me. I don't understand it. I'm like, well, then how have you survived this long? Life is hard. Life is difficult. Maybe I've just been unlucky, which I don't believe in, but I've had so much trauma and bad events and negativity and stress and all these things that have happened to me. And I've used all of it to be monumentally successful. If I wasn't that way inclined, with the workload that God put on my shoulders, I'd just be in a ditch somewhere. I'd be able to kill myself by now. Like, I don't understand how people are functioning. If you're not thinking like me and you're going through life with any other mindset, you've been extremely fortunate that God smiled on you and allowed you to sit around most of the time doing jack shit and you have yet to be punished for that. I could never have lived that life. If I was a bit lazy or a bit, you know, or I was a bit of a snake or if I lied to people, I'd be dead by now. Like so, a lot of these people are just absolutely notly blessed by God that they managed to go through life with such a non-com-  petitive mindset and they still breathing. Like, I don't get, I don't understand how people can think any other way. I've spoken to dudes and like, yeah, you know, I had a bad couple months. Why? My girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months over some... like, you had the... think of how much God loves you to have given you the grace and given you the opportunity to waste months of human time over some chick. Like, talk about blessed head to toe. If I waste months, empires are going to collapse. I'm going to open a cell or dead of I waste months. I have things to do every single day. I can't waste a second. Like, these people are just absolutely infinitely blessed and their mindset is a product of that because they're, they're spoiled children. Absolutely spoiled children. If you're going through life with any other mindset beside to a hyper competitive one, where you're capable of competing with some of the most dangerous men on the planet and all their forms, me and my network and also my competitors, if you don't have that  then you have to understand that you are spoiled. You're spoiled by your reality. Because there's a whole bunch of people out here daily who fail. There are men out here who fail daily and they have yet to feel the true consequence for it. They fail to go to the gym when they know they should go on gym. They fail because they forgot their keys and they took them 10 minutes to find them. They fail because they replied to a question they got sent on WhatsApp the wrong way. They fail because they didn't smile and they're supposed to. They didn't say, please, and thank you to that person who helped them. They fail because they didn't say hi to that girl who's looking at them at the corner of her eye. They just fail perpetually. They go through life missing every opportunity in just failing, failing, failing. And somehow we've built a society which is so soft and God is so giving and so graceful that they still have a place to eat and somewhere to sleep and they're still surviving. That shows how nice God is because before this society, truthfully, if you were that level of failure, you would be dead. Survival of the fittest. You're survival of the fittest and none of these men out here are fit. Their mindset isn't fit, their realities isn't fit. Their absolute failure. They're just failing every single day. I'm the goal, but you know it tomorrow, I'll go to the gym. You have been failing your whole-  whole life. That's all you've done is fail. And then you sit and wonder why people like me absolutely not be out compete you. It is so easy to become a top tier male in the world today because the competition is so ridiculously low. There are 2% killers like me and everybody else, amateur, head to toe amateur. They can't even pay attention to anything. They can't try anything. They're amateurs and it's really mind blowing to me because I've tried with all of my computational power to imagine having a mindset different to mine. And I just can't see a reality worth having. I can't see a reality worth living. I can't see how you're going to build a life worth experiencing if you have any other mindset. I can't see it. I've never met somebody with a fantastic life who did not completely and utterly believe in themselves. I've never seen somebody massively succeed and they didn't believe in themselves ever. I've never seen somebody who just allows life to happen to them and become blown off course by some sadness. End up doing  massively monumental and important things. I've never seen it. It does, and it's never gonna happen. If I'm unhappy with something and I'm uncomfortable with something, I fix it. That's endless motivation, which I don't truly believe in as a concept, but that's endless fuel for the fire. If I was unhappy with something about myself, regardless of what it was, I would be able to take all of that discomfort and turn it into endless energy to get the problem fixed. But these people seem to some... It's to be unhappy. Yeah, well, these people seem to sit and say, I'm really unhappy with X, but then stay doing X. So I don't believe they're truly actually unhappy. What you'll notice if you live life long enough is that somebody will sit and say to you, I'm unhappy being a loser. So why are you a loser? I just sit at home and play video games seven days a week. And you're like, okay. And maybe three days of the week, they're unhappy doing that. And that's the time they email you and that's the time they want to make a change. But four days of the week, they don't really bother them. They don't really bother them. Because they've been bothered them seven days a week.  week. Guess what? They would fix it. Correct. So I have very little sympathy for people and that's not because I'm not a nice person but it's because I've been so hard on myself and I've been through so many things that were difficult and I've been through so much pain and trauma myself. Some of it self-inflicted, some of it given to me by God to make me a better person. But I've been I've been so difficult on myself. It's very hard for me to look at somebody who's refused to be difficult on themselves and see them as my equal or feel sympathy or pity for them. Well, I would I feel pity for somebody who took the easy route when I took the hardest possible route. I took the hardest possible way to be the man I am and you were too big of a and I want me to feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry for these people and because as a man you can be anything you decide you want to be that's the beauty of being a male. You can build your character completely from the ground up. Just look at video game. Every single thing about me that people respect I built. I was not born a world champion kickboxer. I was not born this intelligent or intellectual. I was not born this rich. I was not born this strong. I was not born this confident.  I was not born this interesting, I was not born as charismatic and humble and gorgeous and tall and strong and sexy. I was not born none of these things. I became these things myself, so I deserve all the spoils of war. And anybody who decides they don't want to work hard enough to become those things, then they deserve to sit and accept their mind-fearier. That's dirt that stair problem. So you talk a lot about purpose. And what is your thoughts as to do you have like a... like an exact answer as to why we are created as humans and why we are here. Like what is the purpose of life? Why have we been given life? I think we're here to struggle and to learn. I don't think we're here to be happy. That's why when we keep going back to the happy argument, I've always found that kind of frustrating in a knowing. And someone goes, oh but I want to be happy. Why? Why? Why do you want to sit there and laugh? Like you were happy your entire childhood. That's your happy days. You're allowed to be happy as kids. That's it. It's all over now, right? You're a man, you're responsibilities. I think we're here to do important things. And important things are going to be difficult. And they're going to be hard.  for straight it, but that's what gives you purpose. I don't see anyone who's chasing happiness. I think that's a very feminine frame. I understand why some women just wanna be happy. I think I don't know how it feels to be a girl, because I'm not one, but in my experience, I know women who just wanna be happy. Girls just wanna have fun. Fine, but you're a man, right? And if you're a man, then it's absolutely not a different experience of life. I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to endure pain. I think we're here to just see how hard we are to kill. I think that going through terrible things and living through them and coming out the other side is one of the most fantastic things about being human. I think that it's almost like once you understand what life is really about, there's no emotion, which isn't enjoyable. The only emotion that 99% of what men do is for status. We wanna be in good shape for status. We want the fast car for status. We want the nice house for status. We want the diamond watch. We want the whole girl. This is all for our status. Look at me, I'm the big dog. This is how we compete with each other. If you're gonna be a dude who pretends that's not true or be a dude who doesn't want to compete your life in a fuck.  my team. It's not just about how we make money. It's also an entire mindset. I don't want to be the only scared one of the group. If me and my team, with me and my six closest friends, are walking on the street and a couple guys came up to us with machetes. I know they wouldn't be afraid. It's about I'm not afraid. Now no one's afraid. Not your f**k. No, the guy's with a machete. Oh f**k, that's right. It's like a army. It's like a gang, right? You have to have that mentality so it's not just even about money. It's about your entire life you create. If you're a person, if you're a man and you're out here and you go, you know what, who do I want to be? I want to be strong and rich and brave and respected. That I need friends who are strong and rich and brave and respected. That's what you need to do. If you're going to say, oh, I want to be these things, but I hang around with this guy because we play FIFA together, then you can stay a f**kin loser. And that is your decision. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for losers. I want to make this another thing clear that ends up I'm ticked off and will cry as I rise out. I don't give a solitary f**k if you want to stay in the bottom of this society to total poll. I don't ignore how I feel day after day so I can perform. That's what I'm sad happy.  Tired, and I'm gonna get up and work anyway when I'm tired. How do you expect me to feel sorry for you because you didn't work when you were tired? If I don't care about my own emotions, I certainly don't give a solitary shit about yours. If you want to stay a loser, stay one good It's fine. So stay a loser. I've no sympathy for you. I don't care I believe there's only three reasons people are not rich one of three reasons. They're either stupid arrogant or lazy Stupid is actually the smallest category. Hmm people think all you know there's a lot of stupid people There are but I know a lot of stupid people a lot of money, right? There's so much money in the world to be too stupid to generate money I think is less than 5% of the population who are genuinely too dumb to ever make a good wage Then you have arrogant and lazy and these are the two most common lazy because people just oh, you know But I need time to myself. Oh, you know, but it's the evening or you know, it's hyper competitive There are people who do not need times to themselves There are people. There's an Indian in Islam or there's a guy in Islamabad who'll do your job online for $3 an hour. He doesn't sleep. You're gonna lose  Right? So if you're gonna be lazy in any regard, you have to understand that people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day When I finish this I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work on my way to my next appointment And then I'm gonna work all night till the day I go when I go to sleep I close my laptop and I'm asleep a minute later. I work. That's all I do Speed is extremely important in business. Everything that needs to be done must be done fast That doesn't mean it has to be done. She more shit It means it has to be done quickly people seem to conflate the two that if you do something quickly it must be terrible That's not the case when you're a professional fighter you learn to punch Your instructor says faster faster faster you learn to punch faster you don't degrade your punch You don't start punching like an idiot you keep the same quality of punch while you do it quicker Now nobody in the world the modern world especially and I'm gonna say this I'll caveat that I've learned across my career as well the special fever dealing with creative people and any kind of regard they  You don't understand speed. Numbers people kind understand speed. Create people don't understand speed. And this is, dude, they have a strength and a weakness there. With creative people, I have something I don't have. They're very creative and they can see things I can't see. But it takes time. I'm the complete opposite. I want everything done straight away now. But speed is super important for a business, and I'm gonna tell you why. So whatever you're thinking of doing, whatever the business you're thinking of running, you need to do things quickly. If an airplane, everyone knows how planes work, is flying through the sky, arrow, beautiful demonstration view there, and beautiful fucking diagram. Even if it's engines fail, it will continue to fly. If the engines fail, it will not fall out of the sky and instantly crash to the ground. It will continue to fly. Do you know why? Because it has forward momentum. It's going forward, and that means the wings are creating lift, air is going underneath the plane. As long as the plane goes forward, it will not fall and fail. And a business is exactly the same. The key with business is to make sure you're always moving forward. All.  Producing content and always doing everything you can as quickly as possible. While maintaining the quality, do not conflate quality with speed. You can do the same. If you have an idea right now and you have someone you're working with, let's say you need a new website. You tell the company it's going to take two weeks. No, it's not going to take two weeks and take three days or find someone else. We can't do it in three days. I'll find something we can't. You can build a good website in three days. People have long realistic, stupid time frames. Everyone thinks things take forever. Things don't take forever. Things can be done quickly. I know because I've done it. I've pushed people or done it myself and seen what's going to be done. You know what I could do in two weeks? Me as a man who knows nothing about web design. In two weeks, I could learn web design and build a website. And I know nothing. So how the fuck can you, the guy who knows websites, take two weeks to build a fucking website? It's garbage. Everyone is slow. And being slow is deadly to a company for two reasons. One. The faster you get things online, the faster you start making money.  Now, if you make money today because you were in a rush, let's say you quickly push and you get it online today and you make money. That's one universe. And another universe where it takes a week and you get it online. That week of making money is gone. That money is lost. The longer it takes to get something online, the less money you're going to make as a whole. If I start a company today to the end of my life, and start a company next month to the end of my life, the what I start today has been running longer is going to generate more money. The quicker things are done, the quicker money is made. It's as simple as that. That's starting a company. Even if the company is already online, speed is super important once again. I'll give you an example. Let's say, uh, I don't know, producing an advert. The faster you're producing an advert, the faster it's out, the faster you get results. If you do it quick enough, you might be able to produce two adverts in the time that other people take to produce one. Now you have double the advertising that other people have. Speed, you have to attack and you have to move quickly. When I talk to people, people say to me, I'll have a business idea. That's how it can cool.  A week later I'll say how's your business? You go, what business? You have an idea and it's been a week. Where's your fucking company? Where's your business? It's been a week hearing done shit. People are lazy, people are slow, people are complacent. Including you, everything must happen instantly. Quickly, fast, speed attack. Hitler conquered Europe with blitzkrieg. You need to go quickly. I cannot emphasize this enough. Lesson one, speed is important. Nothing can be slow. Happiness is the number one thing that must be heard. And I'll tell you that my happiness is based on very real world achievement. I couldn't be happy about what was broke, I couldn't be happy about what was obese, I couldn't be happy about what was lonely. I couldn't be happy if I wasn't respected, I couldn't be happy if I couldn't whoop of dudes ass. I couldn't be happy in those scenarios so I made sure none of them scenarios came true. I have earned my happiness via hard work. It's the top of a mountain which I have climbed. I deserve it. I deserve to go to sleep with smile on my fucking face and wake up between two bitches. That's what I fucking deserve. And every single guy who hasn't got it probably doesn't deserve it. Happiness is very giving and very fair.  People seem to think that the world is unfair and those are all the same people who told themselves are unlucky. I actually believe the opposite. I believe the universe is a very giving place. I believe God is a very giving being. And that thing, the world all and all generally balances out and is pretty fair. If you're the kind of person who deserves a good life and works our ass off and genuinely wants it and tries very hard, guess what you get 99% the time? A good life. And if you're the kind of person who doesn't really deserve it, slaps three days a week, a little bit lazy, snakes his friends, talks behind people back, blah, blah, blah, guess what? You're like, thank all that good. The universe is pretty fair and pretty balanced. I've yet to meet somebody who gets up every day, does what they're supposed to do, works hard, goes to the gym, then goes to work, does their best, makes our money, looks after it, is sensible, doesn't blow it, etc, etc. Who then fails? I've never met anybody who fails when they do all the right things. The universe is a very fair and giving place all in all. There are very few exceptions to that. So when I see somebody who doesn't have the success they want, especially when I see, let's say, a group of people don't have the success they want, there's no way you're all exceptions to that rule. You may want something but you...  don't deserve it and that's why you don't have it. I don't believe there's a person on the planet who pays attention, tries their best, is never lazy, is on time, works hard, has a mentor, and is given it is all who is in rich. I don't believe it. I think that if you do all those things, you're rich. And if you don't have any money, you're missing one of those key elements. Now you can fool yourself and you can fool everyone else and you can pretend you're doing them, but if you're truly honest with yourself, am I finding people who are trying to teach me what I want to know and am I trying my best? Man's just fucking know every-  time. Feeling depressed is real. Depression as a disease I do not subscribe to. The idea I believe that if you feel depressed something is depressing you and you should try your best to fix it, you should take control of your life and your best to fix it. The idea but they don't say that. They don't talk that. They say depression like it's this magic thing that comes out the sky to get some your brain, your sad no matter what and there's nothing you can do about it and you need to only take pills and I think that's a very bad way to look at the world and that's a bad idea to subscribe to and if you start to feel depressed let's say your girl leaves you and you start to feel depressed but you believe in the idea of depression you're now going to start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed. Self-hit no-sing yourself and it hypnotizes yourself to being clinically depressed and it's amazing how you can speak things into existence. I cannot become depressed because I don't believe in it. The best option the best thing to do is still to get up. Be in at all, control your emotions, be stoic and do the things you're supposed to do day after day. Laying in bed and doing nothing is never going to be the best option. The best option is still to go to the gym to work on-  to run your business to be successful. So it doesn't matter, we're talking about the different positions on the chess board, but if the rules of the game remain the same, regardless of the position you're still trying to win, you still have to do the same things. So, does it even matter? At this point, if you come along and say he's depressed because of X and he's depressed because of Y, he's depressed because of Z, and the answer to all of them is still the same thing, then I don't give a fuck wire to press. All I know, what I will stay as a matter of fact is this world is hyper competitive, especially as a man. And most men are walking through life and they don't realize that he's a constant competition. I was driving here, even until I was driving here, I was looking at the windows, looking at all these people was walking around, if one of them had a fucking croissant, one of them was dressed like a dick egg because it's wandered and he thinks he's fucking looks cool, just fucking moron. We've all seen them, moron. Some of the dude just talking shit on the phone, some other guy with headphones in waiting to be fucking murdered wouldn't even hear it coming. And all these NPCs, I'm just looking at them going, do they realize they're an endless constant competition? Every single pound they want, someone else wants, every single girl they want, someone else wants. There are people like me out here, I will just screw it, you can-  You would get all the authority of them in a room, and I will sit by myself and absolutely annihilate them in any single metric. And they're just sitting or just floundering and wandering through life unaware of how competitive the world is. Well I'm winging. Hell I'm fairies. And winging how unfair it is. And this is my point. If the world is truly that competitive, you do not have time to be depressed because it's a non-competitive mind state. You could be depressed, brags, y's ed, whatever. I'm not depressed. And I want the money you want, and I want the girl you want, and I want the status you want, and the car you want, and the house you want. I'm going to get it, and you're fucking not. I truthfully believe that the universe is a very giving place. And I don't want to sound, you know, airy-fairy, but I truthfully believe that the universe is a giving place, and that if you actually really want something, you can have it. How much you want is how much you're prepared to sacrifice. So if you want half a million a year, you can definitely make that, and that level of stress you'll absorb for that money, and the amount of a headache you'll go through, and if that's the amount you're prepared to accept for a happy life, you'll have it. You don't think anyone could do that, look?  I think that you have to pre-decide, right? So even my level of wealth comes with enormous stress. Governments are after me. Like it's it. Most people are not mentally prepared for the bullshit I go through. So the number one factor that's going to decide how successful you are as a person is you're ability to absorb stress, you're stressed up. The better you are dealing with stress, the more problems you can fix the more money you're going to make. So you have to decide where on that scale. Because you could just be homeless and have no stress. You could be a broke, you could be on the dole, and just, you know, I broke, but nothing really troubles me. So you have to decide on that level where you want, how much stress you can possibly absorb as a man. And then if you truly want that level, we're going to get it. I believe any man can make anything they want depending. Any one of you here, I have no idea how much money you're making, but if you were to say, you know what, I'm throwing away my relationship and throwing away my social life, and I'm going, ham, I'm going nuts, and all I don't care what they do to me, I'm going to go and I'm going to make it. You'd make a bunch of money, but there's a bunch of garbage that comes with it. So you have to decide, right? I sit here as a billionaire and I sit and say, I will teach you how to make  money online, anybody, 18 modern wealth creation methods, 49 dollars a month and I will teach you. And people will sit there in their brutal arrogance and as a brokeie with no money and go, yeah, but can he really teach me? I have everything you've ever fucking dreamed of. I have all the money. You have nothing and you're so arrogant that you believe you know more than me or that you can do it without me or that I don't know how to teach you. The arrogance of people is truly mind-bending if you know so much, why bro? You obviously don't know. If I were to learn how to box, I wouldn't walk into a boxing gym, find a guy who can box and go, yeah, you know, not bad, but can he really punch? Like this is how people think when it comes to money. You guys are all successful enough, you can sit and say, look, I do XYZ, I have XYZ, you don't have it. So, do you want to learn how to play piano from the piano teacher or do you want to sit there as an arrogant brokeie? Most people are brutally arrogant and you can sit there and you can try and help them and they're just so arrogant and they think, oh, I can do it myself or I'll work it out myself. I don't need help and it's arrogance and it keeps them out the bottom.  Everything great that's happened to me in my life, someone taught me. I had a kickboxing coach. My dad was my chess coach, you get taught things. To sit there, I think you're too good to learn. Who this is the most people that broke? Most people that broke because they're arrogant, bro. It's the truth. There's nothing to do with how stupid they are. They're just arrogant people. So if you love your family and you love your last name and you're proud of yourself, then you have a duty to be massively monumentally successful to show homage to your ancestors. I find it amazing that there are people out here today who are going to sit and say, oh, I'm sad, I'm too depressed, I don't want to work hard. There, do you understand that only 200 years ago there were peasants out working a field, starving, surviving the black debt, surviving the plague, struggling to exist just to reproduce so that 200 years later you can be the end of their bloodline if you just sit on your ass and do fucking nothing. Like, well, you're a fuck off. You're fucking up your entire bloodline of your entire ancestry. You owe these people things. You must, they went through hell for you to exist. You're a v-  You have to be the best possible version of yourself and the same to God. God loves people who try. God loves people who work hard. It's amazing if you try your very best all the time what God will give you. He will give it to you and everything you want. If you actually try not convincing yourself you try actually try their different things. But yeah I was in still with this because from a young age my dad said you're a tape and tape to the greatest people on the face of the planet. And there's me a day I'm not here anymore and they're going to talk about me because of how fantastic you are. So go do your fucking job. I said yes sir. And here I am. One of the most terrifying but also gratifying things of life as a man is that we're all born relatively valueless. I don't think women are born that way. A woman which she's born especially if she's attracted has an innate value. People just want her no matter what. But as a man if you're not an important man nobody gives a fuck about it and they're never going to care. So you have to build yourself from the ground up and that's scary for a lot of people. But it's also a massive opportunity. You can decide if you want to be a famous musician or a nice sensitive poet or  a painter or kickboxing world champion or a businessman, you get to decide on all the different characters in the video game you can choose who do I want to be and then if you actually try, actually try, you can become it. This is not amazing, you can wake up and go you know what, I want to be this kind of guy. I knew who I wanted to be. I wanted to be the dude pulling up in the land both 3 in the morning, gets out and ones like who is this big, strong, rich dude. I wanted to be that man so I became him. And if you don't want that, if you want to go pee a musician and play guitar and get a bunch of chicks and chill and bolly and smoke wheat and whatever, go you can choose your character and build it. I don't believe in my motivation as a concept, I believe in discipline and define purpose. People who ask about motivation are basically saying, I don't feel like doing this. How do I feel like doing it? And the answer is, true red pillars, you're never going to feel like doing it all its time, sometimes you're not going to want to do it. It doesn't matter what it is, Barton's telling you to go fucking surf or skate morning or riding a Ferrari.  you today. There's going to be a danger to wake up where you just don't feel like doing it or how fun it is. That's life. But if you do not do it and you don't feel like to me, you'll never perform against the person who doesn't regard as how they feel. Have to make a decision. Prove it about the idea of motivation. Forget about the concept of it. Throw it away. And decide and move on. This is a genuine task you all can believe. Go look in the mirror. Look into your own eyes and decide. Am I a fucking loser? Where am I? I went. Because if you're only going to do what you feel like doing, you are amused. That is the definition of a loser. A man who only feels, goes what he feels like doing, is going to lose against the people who perform regardless. If you lose, what are you? A fucking loser. I've decided I was a winner and I knew it took to way. To win I have to perform day after day so I've decided I'm going to do this every day. Regardless of how you  you you  you you  you you  you you  you you  you you  Adam to the press, I don't want to work hard. There, do you understand that only 200 years ago there were...  you you  I believe in discipline and define purpose. People who ask about motivation are based in saying, I don't feel like doing this. How do I feel like doing it? And the answer is, the true red pill is, you're never going to feel like doing it all of the time. Sometimes you're not going to want to do it. It doesn't matter what it is. Martin's telling you to go fucking surf or skate morning or driving a Ferrari every day. There's going to be days you wake up or you just don't feel like doing it. How fun it is. That's life. But if you do not do it and you don't feel like doing it, we'll never perform against the person who doesn't regard as how they feel. We have to make a decision. Forget about the idea of motivation. Forget about the concept of it.  way. And decide who you are. And this is a genuine task you all can believe. Go look in the mirror. Look into your own eyes and decide. Am I a fucking loser? Where am I? Because if you're only going to do what you feel like doing, you are a loser. That is the definition of a loser. A man who only feels, does what he feels like doing, is going to lose against the people who perform regardless. If you lose, what are you?  London rents, need a car, you're trying to know like you're not rich in anyway and that's actually the reason I retired because I woke up one day and I thought I'm giving six hours a day of absolute focus and energy to this and I believe I'm smart enough that if I put that much tenacity into something else I can be a multi-millionaire. Most people go through life and they do not pay attention. You need to pay attention to every single time you spent money because you cannot make money and not the Federal Reserve.  They're not in government. Governments make money. All of us take money from somebody else or a business or take money from other things. So the easiest way to learn how to get good at taking money is to pay attention to every time someone takes money from you. Next time you buy a coffee, don't just buy the coffee and drink it and think nothing of it, like every group. Go to that. So okay, why am I buying this coffee? Okay, I want a coffee. All right. Why am I buying zero? Well, this is on my way. Is there any competition around? Do I also want breakfast? Do they sell breakfast? No, they don't sell breakfast. They could probably make some more money if they're a sell breakfast. Anyway, I'm walking. There's a long line. Why is there one member of staff? I'm low on time. I'm about to leave and not buy the coffee. They're about to lose money because it's taken. Most of people in this line are business. Why is it not a cute girl wine gown? But if they pay the cute girl a little bit more, they still make a bunch more money to come in here and talk to the girl. See, this is the biggest mistake. Things like coffee shops make. They not sell them indeed. They'll sell on a coffee shop. They'll sell you on price. They'll try.  do it nice and cheap because they have lots of competition. They'll have a nice looking coffee shop. They'll have like a good, you know, nice chairs that'll look nice, whatever, whatever. But they very rarely sell the need. If I had a coffee shop, I would have a massive sign outside saying tired, question mark, nice warm coffee. The knee, because everyone's tired, aren't they? Everyone's stressed. Everyone's going through life. They're tired. A little bit. Nice warm coffee. Then I'm just, oh, okay. Walk in. That's selling the knee. I don't say, a rabbit co-beams in a car gives this. I walk into a coffee shop and by the time I've walked out, I already know exactly how to open up next door and how to compete the pet's done. I already have worked out. How much is the rent? Where are they fucking up? What are they not selling? They should be selling. What are they doing good? Where they doing bad? This chair is too hard. I'll record. And I'll send it to now my network is so powerful, which is the second point network. I can send a few messages on WhatsApp, make a bank transfer. And two months later, there's a brand new coffee shop. Next door with my name on it. Put my business.  Come on, beings. Sell the need at all times. Never kick your eye off that prize. If you're still paying attention, which your mother shouldn't be right that down, already all the information I've given you should be formulating how you view business. While at the core of it, always you have money in. And sure business, the rest is both... Everything has to feed back to this. Selling the need will feed back to this. People buy things they need. They sometimes buy things they want. But they always buy things they need. They should give 100 people a $1,400 check. Everyone understands you can't just leave it in the bank forever because of inflation. A value goes down. Because what happens when they print trillions of dollars from the sky, the dollar becomes less valuable. And now we're living in a world right now where inflation's getting out of control, especially in America. And the last year inflation's up like 6%, 7%. So no poor person is going to take that money and just need it in the bank. We're going to either spend it or invest. Let's say there's 100 poor people and 100 poor people spend their money. What are they spending? Businesses. Who owns business?  rich people. Amazon their stock price went up 30% why because people were getting stimulus checks and spending on Amazon and all went to the rich guy and then they go all yeah but what about the invested invested where invested in the stock market that increases the stock price who owns the company rich you've made them richer what if you what what if you and all your poor friends 24 friends be more than 20 20 204 friends for all your money and together and bought one house between that still takes one house off the market raises the property value of that area who already owns those expensive houses rich people so it's like I want money what is money how do banks work how does credit work what's fractional reserve banking all these things we now know to be the biggest cons of the century right so I'm sitting there researching money for days and days and days and then I get more mad come like whoa oh money's trash and I don't have any now I'm really now I'm really annoyed  I thought like everyone else did that, you know, everyone puts their money in the bank and the money the bank takes some of other people's money and Lens it out. I didn't really admit it from the sky. I still I still at that point thought money was linked to gold. I didn't know nothing. So I'm learning all this stuff and I'm getting really angry. I'm like, now this is really annoying me. So, um, anyway, I got out of piece of paper there and I'm in my research phase and it's time to start writing down. I started trying to write down what I had as a having an apartment. I would be in W. I could I'm in good shape, but I already used that for buying. You know, what could I do? I can play chess. I'm just writing down the things I have and what I'm good at. The world we live in now, we live in an attention economy. If you have lots of attention, you can turn that into money. If you have no attention, you're not going to have any money. We're in an attention economy. You don't even need good ideas now. YouTube has proved attention economy. You have, um, morons out there doing nothing on vlogs, talking shit and being completely losers, but because people watch it because they get attention, they're millionaires. Attention.  One is the currency of the modern world. The average people come to me and say, what do I do? I'm just the average guy. And my only answer is stopping the average guy. So I only answer. You can't just view the average guy anymore. The idea from the 1915 scene can just be the normal, average, law-abiding, hard-working citizen and you'll have a good life is gone. Any man out here who goes, I'm just going to work hard, do my bit and obey the laws and I'll have a good life. Know you well. Know you will, mom. Just doing your job is never going to make you rich because you're just going to be taxed into infinity and you're going to stay broke. So just obeying laws and doing your job now has set you up to be a peon to slave for attorney. Man, it's about to be worse than ever before. It's going to be have nots and have yots. It's going to be, it's always been that way. But it's become, they're going to become worse and worse as inflation gets out of control. As the price of assets soar, they're richer, remember, come richer, remember for them, come poorer. And then what you'll do is as you go through life every time you spend money as you'll realize. The problem is not how to make money. The problem is how much time you have. Because there's an  business ideas, there's endless ideas. You need to learn to care about things mentally but not emotionally. How successful you are as a hustler is directly linked to how much stress you can tolerate. Money-making is only stress tolerance. So when you're making money most of the time what you're doing is you're taking stress off other people, especially if you provide a service. Even with the cleaning service you're taking away stress from someone else, you're adopting someone else's stress for cash. The more stress you can adopt the more money you can take, you need to have high stress tolerance as a hustler, as a money maker, as a businessman. You have to be able to deal with stress. Things that are going to go wrong all the f-. You have to be able to just ride the waves. Most of you people out there are the only reason you're not-  you you  you you  you you  you you  you you  you you  you you  you you