 We've upset almost everybody, but now you've upset the lights. I'm a largely misunderstood man. And I was going to come here and explain why I've been misunderstood because all it was was tough love. I'm trying to point out the harsh realities that you're being replaced and that you're being replaced on purpose and they're convincing you to not have children and they are doing it deliberately so that they can control the most wealthy nations that have ever existed on the face of the planet. And I was trying to, you know what you call like a fat person fat? Yes. And you're saying you're really fat is disgusting and it motivates them. Yes. I tried to motivate them with tough love, but they all just got butt hurt and start crying their eyes out and saying, we don't need kids are wrong. So it looks like they're intent on being destroyed. So I'm not going to do that anymore. I've changed my mind. I'm now going to fully lean into it. I am full BLM white people are bad. No, no, Tristan. But I'm I'm  basically white. I don't even look mix race. I'm basically for all intensive purposes. Cracker! A white guy. Ha ha ha! It's gonna be a tough battle and if you can't handle some tough love without spurging on the internet, then you're never gonna win the battle. Because they are trying to replace the white people, guys. Hello! News flash! Don't be mad at me! I'm the one telling you to fight against it! I'm not your enemy! You're all saying I'm control opposition! No! I'm telling you what your opposition's trying to do! And I'm trying to give you tough love saying, guys, you need to get a boner! Get boners! Urgent! Urgent boners! I'm only half black half white, but if I have kids with a white woman, the kid looks white. If I have kids with a black woman, the kid looks black. I'm populating the white race for you. Me and Tristan are doing all the fucking work! We're the ones having all the kids! You're mad at us! We're making white people! What are you doing? Spurging on the internet? Actually, no, we don't need kids. What we need to do is to port everybody. Yeah! Great idea!  That's definitely gonna happen tough guy tough guy you go you go to port those big black guys who would kick the fuck out You go to their house excuse me sir time to leave America Or in England you go to port the prime minister He's brown You fucking idiot They're replacing you and your only chance of keeping a Christian nation is to produce White Christian people. So let me get this straight I am for all attempts of purposes a white Christian I know the super racist whites call me the N word because I'm not pure white Racists are weird, but for all attempts of purposes. I'm a white guy. Okay. Let's pretend I had no kids And you said Tristan you live in Romania a white Christian nation and you are a white Christian man And we're not having enough white Christian kids and immigration is gonna destroy your country You're saying instead of me thinking fuck  I need to have five or six kids that I type hate to you on the internet. Yes, and I think that's fighting the bow Yeah, exactly calling you the N word correct is fighting the battle instead of having Christian children White children. So these these white boys and I'll sit there going landers are fucking Guys calm down just because you're too pussy to fucking make kids because you can't get boners Yeah, I mean I gotta save your nation. I'm on your side. I've done more damage to the matrix than any man in human history I fall against Israel risk my personal freedom in the middle of a court case exposing their genocide on Pierce Morgan So here's the tweet I wrote out That set the world on fire. I haven't even read it out of the only Gone it's funny dear white men. You're fucked You're being replaced because none of you have children even those of you bitching about the replacement online Like little girls don't find the gumption to fuck. I see white men bragging about having five  kids as if it's an achievement. Five per year, right? Oh, all you white boys lost control of your women. And now they won't accept multiple wives anymore. Now they can sit down and tell you they don't want anymore kids. The pregnancy was hard. One is enough. They don't want to do their god-given job of having children. No, they want Instagram likes instead. So your genetic potential is stumped by the whims of a singular female. A female takes nine whole months to grow one baby. Other races have multiple ovens for bread. They're not cut. Some bitch is screaming at you about loyalty and you're sitting there saying, yes, baby. Jerking off the porn when she's asleep or maybe cheating with a side bitch. Condom on. Oh no, I couldn't afford to get another woman pregnant. My wife would kill me. Total fucking losers. Soon your race will be nothing more than a few pages in a history book. A lesson on what happens when you fuck the female psyche so hard they're obsessed with money and social media as opposed to being one of many baby factories for a king. 30 children minimum for the dawns. Why?  people go talk to your best friend wife about what to do this weekend. Maybe you can take a nice walk around IKEA, enjoy extinction. Okay, so I get exactly what you're saying. This is tough love. This is tough love because as we know, and these are just facts, countries like Germany, countries like Sweden, countries like Spain, countries like Greece, simply aren't having any children that are native to the actual country. So they have to import loads of immigrants. And once you do the women are dating these immigrants, getting pregnant by these immigrants, who by the way, a lot of the time get white women pregnant, don't look after their own kids, which is not something we preach. Have the kids and take care of every single one of your fucking children. We don't preach don't take care of your kids, bedshapiro. So shut the fuck up. But you make a very, very valid point here. So some of the arguments against your point, I find absolutely ridiculous. So people are spamming you white people.  who are furious white people with no kids by the way or mad at you. There's things stupid things like, wow you could have traditional marriage and have seven or eight kids and you could have a bunch of white people that way. Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it. Do it. Where's your wife and eight kids? Post your wife and eight kids. Or, well we don't actually need to have white people. We just need to deport all the browns and blacks. Fuck you do it then. What you saying here talking to Andrew about what you could hypothecally do? You couldn't deport yourself on a vacation because you're broke. Only can you not deport. You can't even stop them coming in. You can't even build a wall. You want to talk about kicking them out. You can't stop them coming in the first fucking place. And now you're saying, the hour and a round of all up. All right cowboy, take your fucking fancy, shove it up your ass with the dildo you use when you're jerking off the porn. And that tweet while I've set them was a few key moments. Oh, I'm dumb.  I'll tell you what the things I've set the first was the jerk and off thing. But the point I'm making is you tell your wife your loyal, but you live in lust. Yeah, you're jerking off over women who won't fuck you. So you're not loyal. You just can't fuck women who don't know who you are. Who are getting fucked by other men and you're watching the experience years after the event has happened on your fucking phone screen, locked in your bathroom with your pants around your ankles. Saying you don't want Ferrari when you can't afford a Ferrari doesn't shoot in your fucking seed into some fucking tissue paper. Then walking out swag. So I took a big crap. You're a loser. Unloyal to my wife. You're jerking off the porn and cam companies trust me. We know. Or you got some side bitch condom on and why they really got obsessed because I told them they don't control their women anymore. That's why they're mad. Okay. But the truth is I'm right because even then they come along and say, well, we should deport them all not only because you're not deport them all. You couldn't even get that law passed through government. Do you know why? Because the government's old black and brown people in all the white countries. And women and women will let you know the women will lay.  So you can't, your women won't even let you try. Your women run, so make sure you're arguing with them now. They're in charge, they don't want to have a lot of babies. You're stuck, you're not allowed multiple wives, and now you're going to be outbred. I would love to just pause this conversation and have it in 100 years from now. I'd come back to life, top G ghost and say, can we find a white person to argue the point please? And I'll walk around London, walk around Berlin, walk through Paris, walk around all of Europe and not see a single fucking one. I'd be like, well, I guess I was right. I guess I was right. Reel, Bob. Many children do you have? 23, 22, be able to reel by the mind. I made you the real bad man. He probably doesn't take care of his kids. No, we take care of our kids. We're super rich. No, no, but Ben Shapiro said, you have to wait. Where is he? Where is he? Is he down there? I don't see him. I always tell him the internet. What do you say? Well, you can't just have a bunch of kids, you know, take care of  When did we say that, motherfucker? When did we ever say that ever? There are, there are Emirati Arabs with six wives and they take care of every single one of their kids and every single one of their wives. Elon has 11 kids, three wives. Yeah. Sorry, there are three different women, 11 kids. Elon, by the way, is a champion of white people. If all white people, and you know what, actually I'm gonna give an honorable shout out to the best white people who understand the propagation of the white race. You know who they are? The Boer, the South Africans. They actually get it. They want wives, families, a bunch of kids, Elon is a South African descent. Elon's doing it right. Elon's flying the flag for white people. And this is two mixed race half black people saying here. Anyway, now I trust it, Tristan. I have loads of stuff to show this to me. I have to prove I'm right, but, and you got it. No, no, no, no. But shout out to the South African. No, no, no, no. They're all too scared to get boners. They want to tweet at me, hey, all day. I'm joining, I'm fully team black now. You can't join full team black. What does that mean? Full team.  You're calling BLM. You're calling BLM. I am. BLM. They're after me. They are calling us the N word. Nice. Ha ha ha ha ha. That's great. Right, so I've got some very important things to show on this feed. Because what I'm going to try and explain to all these people at home who are butter is that, ooh, they're from Seattle to me. I'm highlighting the problem. Don't shoot the messenger. So I'm going to highlight that the matrix is deliberately trying to make white people not recreate. And it is an act of rebellion now to have a family. It's an act of rebellion. If you're resisting the slave mind, you need money, you need strength, you need children, you need women who love you. It's an act of rebellion to have a family and a bunch of kids. It's an act of rebellion to be strong. It's an act of rebellion to be rich. It's an act of rebellion. I'm trying to inspire rebellion, but they're shooting the messenger. They're mad at me because they don't want to accept what I said is true because no girl will let them have a kid. You know the girls keep begging us for children? What do you mean the thousands of thousands of women who want our kids? We'll email every day. If you want to.  who we haven't met. Yeah. You're the best man in the world. I'll have your kid today. We get that. These men, no one, no woman comes up to him and says, you're a genetic masterpiece. Please, can I have your time? You know who else does want to have these men's kids? They're wives. I had one. That's enough. Sorry. I don't care if it's a boy. I had to go to a job, but to be... So that's why they're actually but her. Because their wives said no. So they want to yell at me. So I've got some really important stuff to show here. So this is, because I want to prove my point. I don't want to actually just troll and put up dumb shit. I want to show something important. Okay. I get it. They're shooting the messenger. You're highlighting a very real problem and all you need to do, by the way, is look around any major European city. That was 99% white 100 years ago. Take a fucking walk. Take a walk. And you'll see exactly what Andrew's talking about. And this is coming from two mixed race dudes. If I went to China and I went to a Chinese city, they're fucking, because I wanted to see Chinese culture. And everyone was fucking Argentinian. I'd be pissed. And I'm not even Chinese.  If I went to Mexico and walked around Mexico City to enjoy some Mexican food and everyone was fucking afghan I'd be annoyed that's not the way Mexico should be Cultures should be what the cultures are if I went to anywhere in the world and the culture had been completely replaced I'd be like well this is a bit weird But when you say it about Europe and your white your racist and when you say it about Europe when your mix race like us Trying to help the white people out. You're a n***** Like or a Jew you're a Jew now somehow. I don't get it. I don't understand What they're trying to do like the point is completely valid You could say about any country in the world They should be replacing the native population without sideers and everyone agrees here in Romania They'd agree hey guys in Romania Do you think we should replace all the Romanians with a bunch of people from the Democratic Republic of the Congo the Romanians will say no let's have a bunch of Romanian kids and Romanians are doing a bit better than Western Europe but all white people in Europe  are really not pulling their fucking weight. So I found this, I can't make it felt on the screen even though I'm Mr. Producer, so I'll read it out to you guys. Basically, if you type in anything about not having kids, there's loads and loads of propaganda trying to convince specifically white people to not have kids. There's no campaigns in Nigeria telling people not to. Antinatalism is to philosophical idea that people should abstain from having children because they think it's morally bad. Antinatalists believe it is wrong to bring an unwilling child into the world solely for the pleasure of its parents. Some are put off having children for environmental reasons. Or as a way to prevent the planets overpopulation, while for many more, antinatalism is a standpoint that is deeply rooted in philosophy. That's right, climate change. Now, how's in the sun's two hots? You don't have kids. Yeah, your baby will make the weather hot. It's true. Don't have it. Your baby will make the temperatures rise and your baby will kill the polar bears. Nice. Let's find other people who said that white people should have kids and didn't get spurged on. Because it wasn't only me, fine. I thought you missed the producer. I am Mr.  So since said I'm just gonna show a video I'm gonna show a picture of every did you know every hotel in the world has a chair for white people? It's a cup chair. I'm not sure that's true. I think people in hotels just might want to sit down sometimes Nah, I think they're watching the bretta with their wife. I don't think that's true. That's the wood Ben would No doubt Ben he's got porn addicts all over Grow up you're short and wrong choose a struggle. Yeah. Yeah being short and wrong Right so every nationalist leader in history the first thing they did was encourage population boom So as a person here if I'm trying to encourage a population boom I'm clearly on your team to come along and say you need to have children is what a someone who believes in the nation a Nationalist would say. Yeah, that's what that's what good leaders do. That's what leaders who care about their countries do That is absolutely true. Yes. They try to encourage the country to produce more people because when you think of Something like let's say you buy a microwave oven, okay?  And it says made in Germany. You're like, good, made in Germany. The Germans are hardworking, diligent, industrious people. Why don't we, why don't you Germans double the number of German people? Because in 50 years time, made in Germany is going to be, is going to mean made by sub-Saharan Africans. And you've ruined your own country. There has been a deliberate sigh up on you to not have children for a long time. And it is climate change, feminism, LGBT, plan parent, all of this garbage is tied up. They are trying to reduce the population. This is obviously accepted by most people that they want population to climb. And they want population to climb of hegemonic societies. They don't want white people reproducing. They don't want that. Here, look, this is from the 1930s. This is Margaret Slee, president of America's plan of parenthood federation. Maintainers that European women should stop having babies for the next 10 years. Don't you think such a theory, such a radical theory, is anti-social? On the contrary, it seems to me that it is more practical. And humane.  What about the women who want babies now and in ten years will not be of the help babies? Rather in practical, don't you think? Oh, John, you do ask hard questions. I should think that instead of being impractical, it is really very practical and intelligent and humane. But Mrs. Slee in this country, having babies is the only thing left which is both unreshined and untouched. Who think we really ought to stop? Well, I suppose the subject like that is really so personal, because entirely up to the parents to decide. But for my view, I believe there should be no more babies. Now, I want you guys to understand something. That every single agenda that the government tries to purport and push on you has a Trojan horse installed of it. I think we've explained this before many times. But I'll explain it again. They come along with something that sounds virtuous, right? They say, climate change. And if you're against climate change, well then you don't love the environment. You're a bad person because you don't like trees. Who hates trees, bro? Everyone loves trees. Everyone. They say, well, you've got to love trees.  But inside of the agenda, the happy agenda of save the trees. What's the way we all like trees? This is a smiley face. There's a turd, a turd of end your genetic bloodline forever. So they'll add in somewhere along the bottom if you have more than two kids or a bad person you want the trees to die. Because liberalism is a death cult and they want everything to just collapse. They don't want anything to last very long, especially not the things that built society. So you have to understand all these things they're pushing. LGBT stops you from having families. Wait a minute, wait a minute. LGBT and all the transgender kids being sterilized, etc. That's a phenomenon specifically in the black Pakistani and Muslim community. Is it? Which community is it? Which community? Which group of people is it the Orthodox Jews? Is it the Nigerians? Is it the Pakistanis? Is it the Arabs? Who sterilized them? Who is the group of people? Who sterilizes their kids in the name of transgenderism? Who is?  Now, what color are those people? Chinese? Interesting, well, to work that out. We have to work it out. So give me some clues in the chat, cause I'm trying to figure it out. Which ethnicity is, you know, is pushing this agenda? Sterilize your kids, it's fine. Don't make your kids reproduce. Oh, guys, I know you're all mad because Tristan and I have endless suitors and we can have 20 kids with seven or eight women who adore us and you haven't got the same sexual options we have and you haven't got the money to take care of them. I get it. But you can still do what you said they're gonna do. Find a wife and have some kids. Do that then. I'll just find a wife and have eight kids. Do it. Do it. I would, right. If you start now in nine months time, I want, this is an open challenge. In five years, if you've had four kids in five years because of this podcast and you've named them all something related to the emergency meeting podcast. So I know that you made them because I said so and you're a white person. I will give you 150.  $1000. Download this, save it. It's good on us. Pump out kids. Here's a documentary I find about not having kids or having smaller families. Unless, notice the ethnicity of everybody. Because what I've seen is, I've seen a bunch of white people and one token. They threw in a token because they don't want to make it too obvious. Is it me? No. It's token from South Park. Hi. How much of the world's resources do you think are needed to keep the human world going right now? 40%, 60%. I can't give you a specific thing because I don't have any idea. Heck, that's bad, isn't it? We're using more than the earth, so... We only made up 1% of all mammals. What do you think the balance is today? 50, 50.  No! Oh my gosh! What? I know I wasn't exactly to be that bad, but yeah. What you see here are different fertility rates across the world. There's an obvious north-south divide. I worked in the area of international aid for a number of years. Educating girls just overall has a big impact on the size of family they choose to have. Yeah, white people in token. Climate change is so worrying. I'm so scared about climate change. I know. Well, because the people in India, the country that pollutes the most in the entire world, I have 46 kids each, but I think I should stay in from having two babies. Guys, there's, yeah, literally. The Chinese don't care. There's an Indian with a mo-ped. Just two stroke mo-ped that puts fumes into the air, who's busting around the city. There's six babies on it. On his way from girl to girl.  Right then. That's it. Well I guess we better not have any more kids. Or any kids at all. You maybe go and fit solar panels to my house. My wife Louis got sex with her! I'm flying a Prius. It's over. It's over. It's over for you people who don't have to be seen. The population of Nigeria. It's done. Shout out to my Nigerian brothers out here. You're doing the right thing. Let me tell you something. If Nigeria's population over the last four years had declined, and Nigerians were not having babies, I'd be sitting here right now as a man who likes Nigerian culture and Nigerian food, saying, fuck it, half-wark kids, Nigerians, but the Nigerians don't need to be told to get an erection and put it in their women. They don't need to be told. So, hey.  What do you mean do we can't have more Nigerians get their boners in an urgency urgent urgent? Nigerian boner is the success of that country. You know, what else is doing it right the Indonesians the Indonesians nice, you know most of country they're kind of Chinese their Asian they're small But they are fucking and you ain't white people and you know, I'll give you a very quick overview because I said that The reason all these people are upset is because I said the white man's lost control of his woman That's why they're mad. That's why they're mad. That's why it's true because feminism is ruined society We all know that all this liberal agenda is this feminist run living in a matriarchy anyone with a brain understands that feminism is destroyed all of Western society and That's why they're pissed off so I've chosen a random white person's wife to examine here a random guy I chose a guy one of Ben Shapiro's best mates called destiny. Oh him we were talking about that in a second. How many kids is destiny? I thought I'm a kid's wife has being glenny. So let's look at this and then I'm gonna let you read out destinies to  So this is this is the average white man's relationship. I promise you it'll be equally as good. You did not need to marry someone for protection when you could just get a pet to do it. I promise you. Get good at guns. Get a dog. Stop. Yeah, someone's got your husband too. This is not some luck cooler. I would feel better about myself. He will feel better. She doesn't want kids. She wants to fight intruders. I know she divorced him. Right. Bro, this is such bullshit. If someone broke into her house, she'd fucking shit her pants. What kind of car? This is absolute aesonine garbage. Let me tell you something from the top cheat. If I meet a new woman and she's Russian and she's 23 years old, she'll say within the first two dates, I don't have time to waste my law family. If I meet a beautiful Islamic woman from Turkey, let's say, and she's 23 years old, she will say, I don't want to waste time. I'm 23.  kids. If I meet a black woman or a half black woman, she'll say the same thing. If you meet a white woman who's 23, she'll say, well, I'm not ready. And now I'm not even lit my life yet. Now I want to go to spring bread. I want Instagram likes and I have this idea. I'm going to launch this project. I know this career. I know this guy in Miami. He's really cool. And I'm going to go down there. We're going to launch a project. I'm going to make my own clothing brand and he has a boat and he has lots of money. He's going to back my project and all my gone and be so rich. I'll probably have kids when I'm 34. I might just freeze my eyes. Now that white girl was raised by a white man. And your families are fucked. You're not instilling within the whole, you know, I'm stilling within your dollars to have children. And then you're meeting white girls who don't want kids. And you're wondering why you're being outbred. You can't close your borders. Perm, birth control, abortion. You can't deport. And you won't have kids. Why are you mad at me? Where do you expect this to end? And we like you to change. I'm trying to help you. I would like the Hungarian population to double to 20 million. That...  That would be all fucking awesome! Who were Huffa Rees at all some god tree! Double the population! What did you say earlier about all the white women sleeping with the migrants? This is Ben Shapiro's mate's wife, kissing some Turkish dude in front of him. Let's go. I'm just gonna ask you, I'm just gonna press this mask out. Give him a little kiss on the cheek. Surprise, surprise. Excuse me. I think I can cut it off. Call him over there. I'm not okay with that. Hey, stop it, you little bitch. Hey, don't lick that. Somebody's face. That's my face. I want to watch a bullet. She is licked. That's the need you just got busted with a bunch of Instagram DMs. What you remember right now? I'm not gonna read the bio. You said you were team white, these are your people. So his wife follows me on X and I sent her these and said, are they legit? And she says, I have nothing to do with him anymore. I think I was a response something like that. I want to talk about what the DMs were, but it was normal conversation. But I didn't want to get into this, but all right, let's go. Ready? I'm gonna make him fit fully on the screen. We'll try. Okay.  I have to read the DMs. You have to read the DMs. I don't want to read them. Why? There's a lot of them, but we'll do a little here. You just read this only one. He sends a porn video of some feet exposure to a girl. God, I want you. And then she says she has to watch it on mute. And then what does he say after? Yes, ma'am. If you can, give me a discreet vid of your little feats. Who's your fucking mate? Isn't he the one who called me some sort of sexual deviant because I'm a allegedly human trash? Why fucks other dudes, you sit in that messaging fucking underage girls? Can I see your little feet, C's? These are dumb, dumb. You can't get feet pregnant. These are your white streamers. You can't get feet pregnant, by the way. I want you to know that. You could just order woman's feet about a million times every day and you'll produce precisely zero babies. Bro. So weird. So weird. And you think I'm the enemy? I'm not the enemy. I'm just pointing all this crap out to you. And you know.  One of the worst thing, the super white people who want more white people will look at me having kids with a white woman and having children that are basically white and still call my kids the N-word. Like they're white and off-brub. Racism super funny. Racism racist are retarded. Jee the week? Jee the week, ready? Go on. How many children do you have? 84. 84. Congratulations. 17 white men. 17 wives? Yes. That's a lot of wives. I have one wife which is in it. Yeah, yeah. You have one? My man has no money on crutches. And he has 17 wives. And he's laughing at this guy with one. He's like one? Guys, don't be mad at me. According to Ben Shapiro, this guy's a loser. Bro, this guy's going to fucking own the owns the world. He's going to call...  I've seen that clip like five years ago. It's probably got a hundred kids by now. Gee, big G. Don't, just because you're a wife won't let you have more wives. Don't be mad at me. Just because your wife won't give you kids. Don't be mad at me. I'm talking about how it's destroying society. Don't be mad at me. I don't, I can't help but that 23 year old white women want to go to spring break and launch businesses on Instagram instead of having children. It's on my fault. There's other nations where that's not true. True false. 1940s and 1950s a girl would have like a baby and all her friends would gather around the baby and go, oh my god, that baby's nice until their husband. Oh my god, I want a baby now. Now it's a fucking Birkin instead. Look what my man gave me. It's an inanimate piece of leather shaped like a bag. Oh my god, I want one. Hey, she's got a Birkin. Why don't I have a Birkin? Why don't they want babies anymore? Kids are fucking awesome. Well, they don't want babies anymore. We're gonna talk about that. But once I demonstrated the point, first I made everybody mad, then I'm gonna prove I'm right. And I'm gonna give everybody the solution. Because people often say like, ah, the...  the world was better before immigration. Let's look at London before mass immigration. Okay. Because the reason mass immigration's happening in the first place is because they can't meet repopulation levels. Yeah. White people aren't having kids. Like you said in your posts and everyone's mad at you. If you were reproducing at the right rate, you wouldn't have an immigration problem. The immigration problem's based on the fact that you don't have children. All these people complaining online about how societies broke and that's fine. But if you're not gonna do anything about it in terms of having kids, they're not of it matters. It doesn't matter, no. Because you're not securing your races and your religion and your cultures and your ideas future. You should want children that look like you, think like you, act like you, talk like you. There's nothing wrong with that. Every other race wants that. Exactly. And they're totally entitled to think that way. Let's look at the American border.  Everyone's just walking across. Yeah, aren't even white? Well, of course I'm not. Are they gonna have kids? Loads. Yeah, so, you know, America, the funny thing is this. The United States isn't actually a white country. The United States is actually one of the true multi-ethnic countries. It really genuinely is. But white people get mad that the ethnicity divide is changing. Blacks and Hispanics are increasing. Blacks are going down. America could function perfectly fine. As a multi-racial society. But the blacks are having kids. And the Mexicans are having kids. And the whites are not having kids. It's stupid. You can't complain about the racial diversity of your country. Shifting and changing if you aren't having kids yourself. I would say, and I've argued this before, people got mad at me. England is a white country. Oh my God, shoot me. So is France. So is it. It leaves you. It's either the British Empire of old. The United States is a white country.  Well done, great granddad. Now you know who you were. But you were probably in World War Two, World War One or some sort of struggle or his father because you came home on Rations and you were fucking you were eating your rationed meal you were hungry and you were still fucking that's why I exist. I'm the descendant of white British people and black American people well done, sir. No one's doing it anymore. I won't let you down. I'm having a bunch of kids. I feel sad when I say the old Britain. I know English.  was awesome greatest empire ever. Fuck the Romans. That's a fucking dump. It's a dump. And you got jackasses like Richard Dawkins crying his eyes out. God's bad. Get rid of God. And then it starts going, oh shit, we got rid of God. Now everyone wants abortions, LGBT feminism or Islam. Shit. There's a power of acumen. So let me shit my pants and reverse and say, I'm a cultural Christian. I was slightly horrified to hear that. Turned out in the gold after all. I'm a state. I do think that we we are culturally a Christian country. I'm all myself a cultural Christian. I'm not a believer. But there's a distinction between being a believing Christian and being a cultural Christian. And so, you know, I love hymns and Christmas carols. And I sort of feel at home in the Christian ethos. I feel that we are a Christian country in that sense. It's true. That's statistically the number of people who actually believe in Christianity is going down. And I'm happy with that. But I would not be happy if  For example, we lost all our cathedrals and our beautiful parish churches. Celebrate and dipshed. So let me get this straight. You spend a lifetime and make a career out of attacking the single most fundamentally important part of white-British culture, which is its Christian identity. You attack it, white German culture, white Italian culture, white French culture, white Spanish culture, white European culture, the fundamental bedrock of all of these things as Christianity. You make a life and a career, shitting on it, criticizing it, encouraging people to throw it out and flush it down the toilet. And then you look around at your country and you're like, oh, the fucking culture's all changed. Surprise! Turns out you need a gold after all, don't you dickhead? Fucking moron. Who are these morons? What about all the people you wildlife? What about all the actresses in the West? Are there kids going to have sex? Are they going to reproduce the planet? Or are they all too busy being gay? What drives me to my children are all queer.  my eldest child is non-binary, my son is gay, my youngest is fluid, and you know, they're my kids and they teach me every day. Absolutely. Well, that's a coincidence. You know, they need your children because they can't have their own, right? So they're gonna try and turn more and more kids gay. You know, the reason they're doing this is to deliberately depopulate the nations. They're trying to get rid of all of you. Me telling you to have kids does not make me the enemy. I'm actually on your team. They're trying to depopulate. They live. Having children is an act of resistance. They want you to encourage you with tough love. They put down in writing that they want the world's population to be less than 500 million people. They put in writing. They replace your nation's flags with gay flags because they don't want you to have kids and love your country. They want everyone gay, no one have kids, everyone died. But they need straight people to make the kids so they could turn the kids gay.  You're taking the wrong fucking flag down mate. At least you know that. I'll just push it. Bro, it's so sad. That guy's right, you're taking the wrong fucking flag down. Unbelievable. It's disgusting. And all of this, the climate agenda, which you just saw all those white people get siopped into, the earth's overpopulated bullshit when everyone in the third world has endless kids. LGBT agenda, feminism, so women are told to work jobs for some fucking corporation instead of love their, love their husband and obey their father, getting rid of Christianity. So women are not tempted to get married so they run around being whores instead. So nobody wants to marry him. All of this is deliberately done to reduce the white population. Elon Musk said something. I point this out to you guys in your mad at me. Elon Musk said something awesome when we're talking about overpopulation. He said I could fly a plane across the United States and drop bowling balls out of the  and I could do this 100 times a day for hundreds of years and the odds of me hitting anyone are basically zero we're not overpopulated. Three different women, 11 kids, white champion. And you know what, we're doing you a favor by the way, sorry, we're doing a huge favor by the way to all of you white people out there who are mad at Andrew and I'm going to explain why. Because the political correctness gone mad and freedom of speech being eroded and labeling everyone with buzzwords like racist, etc. White people, two white men couldn't sit on a podcast to say white people need to have more kids, white people are disappearing, we need more white people, white people are great. They couldn't do that because they'd be labeled racists. We have the N word pass, we are mixed race, we are black, we are white, we can set ones a Muslim, ones a Christian, we can say these things out loud and point a spot like app  the problem that you can't talk about it and your response is to attack him. It's almost like they deserve extinction now. I changed teams yesterday before that tweet. I was very pro white Christian nations and now when I saw them all spurge out. Oh my god. Oh my god. I don't need kids, bro. Then just fucking fuck off and go extinct that pandas. What the fuck you want me to do? What was that point we made about pandas being completely useless because no matter what you do, they never fucking reproduce. The average white chick. It's over, it's so over. And they're mad at me. I'm just pointing out the issue, guys. Here's a bonus round I found. Okay. I typed into the media not having kids. Okay. Right? So let's look at the news articles about not having kids because guys, if you don't understand they're trying to depopulate whites specifically, then you're a dumbass. And if you're mad at me for making that obvious to you and you think on the enemy of white people once again, you're a fucking dumbass.  Look at the color of everyone in these news articles. Nine reasons why having kids is not the best life choice. 10 reasons you should never have kids. How having kids will ruin your romantic relationship. Should we be having kids in the age of climate change? Why not having children is okay? Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. They didn't even bother with the fucking token in this one. So are these Nigerian publications that they're posting in Nigeria to stop Nigerians having kids? Is this an Indian newspaper or is it Chinese state media? Hmm, hmm. It couldn't be Western media and a failing populist with wide open borders. No, because they have, they have white people aren't having enough kids at all. And there are no white people. And surely white people wouldn't be doing that. Not that, but yeah. Because they're being replaced in their own countries, right? They'll be insane for them to put that in the news. Oh, not him again. What you're made. You're made. White, the Lord just as clock, white, every high court judge, white, the Lord advocate, white, the semester general, white, the chief constable, white, every deputy chief const...  white, every assistant chief constable white, the head of the law society, white, the head of the faculty of advocates, white, every prison governor, white. And not just justice, the chief medical officer white, the chief nursing officer white, the chief veterinary officer white, the chief social white. You know what's funny? You're in a white country! You don't ask! Scotland's a white country! Sorry, Hamza, you called my brother a hate preacher, by the way, you psychopath. You know what's actually funny about him? There is a movie that all of us old people remember. It's actually an epic movie, historically not too accurate, but it's a great movie called Braveheart. Anyone remember Braveheart? Who was the bad guy in Braveheart? He was a bad. He was a villain. He was evil. Richard the Longshanks, the King of England. There's a line in the movie where he gives near enough the same speech as Hamza used to. He says, the problem with Scotland is that it's full of scots. We need to breed the Scottish out of Scotland. And everyone who watches the movie thinks...  Fuck that guy, such an evil piece of shit, he's a bad guy. Sculled! Hale your new leader! Richard the Longshakes dream has been realized. It's the same fucking speech. But you're the hate breacher. Because you said women can't park. Let me make a really important point, guys. Let's get serious here for a minute. Anyone who still hates me after this word's meeting is a dumbass. Fine, you're lost. Go sit and write shit. Go listen to Fensha Piro and you can all be in the Shortman's Club. Provocation triggers people when it has hard truths in it. You're mad because you know I'm telling the truth. You understand your society's fallen. You understand you've been feminized. You understand that women do not want to have enough children to reproduce. You understand you do not have strong borders. You understand you cannot deport. You understand that white Christian nations are imploding in real time. I am pointing out the problem and trying to inspire you to resist. Like I've done with every other problem I've ever highlighted. I've got your attention, but this is a very real issue. You're either going to breed or you're going to go extinct. In the first world, not having enough babies is one side of the coin.  out of the equation is you're being forced to subsidize your replacements. You're stuck in this situation because the donor class that owns you wants to remove the threats to it. The narrative control is the policy control, which is why you need alternate in media. You need people like me to tell you these things because the news and the own state media will never tell white people to reproduce ever. If you don't want ants, you need to stop putting sugar on the floor. It's nothing to do with building a wall, but you are putting sugar on the floor while at the same time encouraging native populations to not reproduce. You need to stand up for yourselves and not get mad at me. Tweeting at me is not going to save your nations. Talking to me about what a big fucking tough guy you are while you don't have seven kids is not going to save your fucking nation. In fact, it makes you look like a jackass. That's all it does. You all got triggered because you know I am completely right. That's the problem. So we're going to do about it. You know what's interesting? Here's a tweet I wrote.  and somebody replied to it. And it actually made me feel a little bit sad, Tristan, because it shows... With the happiest mental nurse. We don't get sad. My point was, it's just went over his head. Look at this. Here's my tweet that I read out earlier about white men. He's an androtate trying to demoralize white men with this rhetoric, why? Why do you think I'm trying to demoralize you? I'm trying to fucking inspire you. Are you such a pussy? Are you such a fucking bitch that when I say your nations are falling and you need to have families? You get demoralized and give up. He said that it's out. He said that we need more kids. Ah, shut up. I'm demoralized. This is terrible. I'm just, I'm just gonna go and jerk off. Listen to Destiny's stream. Like what the fuck is wrong with you? To demoralize. This is the absolute opposite you dumbass. How can you demoralize by me telling you the problem and telling you what to do? Urgent boners. Hello. Boners.  What the fuck, Morty, what are you doing with that? You want me to fuck him for you? I already am! I've done as much as I fucking can. I told you what to do if you can't fucking do it. What are you all made of to about it? Jesus, credi moralize you dumbass. Fuckin' it's wrong with these people. You said you believe white people should have more children? We definitely need white babies. And I tremble at the idea that white babies, that the white group is going down in numbers because if you lose white folks, America, it's over for America. They may be a harsh truth for you to accept, but it's still a truth. It's still the truth. It's very obvious. Every nationalist leader who loved his country tried very hard to get the native populations of his country to reproduce. Orban has just done it himself inside of Hungary. Respect. Which is one of the last same countries in Europe, Hungary. It's one of the last countries that actually operates with any semblance of sanity. Yeah, if you have a bunch of kids, you don't have to pay any more taxes. Well.  Well done, Mr. Orban. Well done. But you can't even do that in the West now because that's somehow racist and allowed. And you're a minority in your own country and you're mad at me. The US Census Bureau released new data today revealing that the white population is aging and has fallen to its smallest share of the total number of people in the country in US history around the country. The share of the white population fell from 63.7% in 2010 to 57.8%. That's the lowest on record. Although white people continue to be the most prevalent racial group in America in California, Hispanics became the largest ethnic group. The Hispanic population grew to 39.4% in 2020 from 37.6% in 2010. In California, the white population dropped from 40.1% in 2010 to 34.7% in 2020. Both newscasters weren't white by the way.  It's over. Why people are fantastic. I was never your enemy. I've always under team. I'm talking to him here to save you all I'm not or myself charge of the gunfire unfazed to point out the very Difficult issues no one else talks about during covid not a single black family member of ours got the vaccine Now I'm gonna actually do something much. I would never normally do which is I'm gonna get you in trouble me I'm a trouble you never caught me in trouble. I did put you in jail Fine, but I'm always on your team But not many people know You should be honest Tristan. Okay, that you were vaccinated. Yeah, but I'm not But there's a video of you. There's a video of me praising the vaccine praising the vaccine. Is it gonna be the gay purple guy? No, I'm no I promise is not the gay purple guy. This is actually serious. There's no video of me unless you AI to video of me It's a white guy of us to here who looks wire me. I look wire  Do do do do do do, Dr. Fanchie! Give us next scene. So far it may. So far we've seen Tristan singing a vaccine song. We've seen Destiny's wife trying to fuck everyone but him and him ask for little feet seas picks. We've seen white people being obviously replaced. I've explained to you how it's an agenda which the matrix is deliberately purporting upon your populace. We've seen one black guy, a token, who sat there and pretended to give a shit about climate change for some money. And we saw another black guy who had 23 baby mudda. Re... You have to understand that even if your borders were secure, without reproduction, it's over. With insecure borders, with the inability to deport, without reproduction on top of that, your nations are going to change completely. You're not going to have white Christian nations left. There's no law you can pass. There's no pieces of paper you can print. That makes some rule that's going to change the basics of math and population dynamics.  If all of the people who are being bred inside of your white Christian nations and all white Christians, they will not be white Christian nations for long. That's the reality of it. Now we can sit and have a different argument whether that's a good or bad thing. I'm not being racist. As my brother said, I'm half black, half white, Muslim, living, Romania. I'm a immigrant. I'm a revert. I'm different colors. I'm just highlighting a very obvious point. So if you're a white person who wants a white Christian nation, that's fine. Then you need to have children because if you're going to sit there and attack me instead, well, then you're a dipshit. That's why you are her dipshit. You need to get rich, get strong, be important so that women talk to you. So you can get urgent boners and have children you take care of and love like we take care of ours and love ours. Because when we're 50 and we have 25 children around us that we love and take care of, we've managed to do that because we're high value men, women beg for, with enough money to support endless families. If you can't do that, it's because you're a broken, who know women walks.  and you're jerking off into a fucking tissue like destiny or a fan over feet picks. Over feet picks, brov. I'm trying to save the white Christian race here. Don't turn on me. You're welcome. Tweet an apology at me and I'll retweet it. You're all very welcome. And I need you to also understand that your governments deliberately are inflating the currency, making both parents need a job. No tax incentives to have children. There's a reason why there is falling white birth rates across all these countries because you can't afford more kids. That's also by design. Yeah. LGBT. The fact you can't afford them. Feminism means women don't want children anymore. Nobody believes in marriage anymore because they're destroying Christianity in Jesus in real time. Unchecked immigration, the inability to deport. It is a ticking time bomb and it's going to happen in the next 40 to 50 years. That's it. I'm only pointing out the problem so I can say told you so grandpa tape will be  sit in there saying, tell ya, you all yelled at me, a tell ya. I'm not anti-white at all. I'm trying to inspire resistance. I'm on your side. Talk to you would never let you down. Yeah, you're again. Who do you trust me or been fucking Shapiro? You're against all genocides and Ben clearly isn't. And the genocide of white people is happening slowly, but surely. Ben loves genocide. Ben wants people to die who he doesn't like. Do you understand? And we all know Ben's true moeves. So let me try this one. See this works. Dr. Fauci gave me vaccines. Well, no, no, what comes next? You know the words. No, but it's your song. That's not me. It is your song. Every true leader tries to encourage reproduction. Announcing a series of tax and loan benefits for families aimed at boosting childbirth in an aging nation, Victor Obern held a hard line against immigration. Immigration increased.  his crime, especially criminal acts against women, and brings the virus of terrorism into our midst. But we cannot get stuck in our fears, we have to see beyond them. The new measures include a lifetime income tax exemption for women with four or more children. Say, good leader wants kids. When have you ever seen a western leader besides Orban trying to do that for white people ever? You won't. So what we need to do is make fucking great again. M F G A. You're not going to be able to fuck if you're broke. You're not going to be out of fucking your dumb. You're not going to be out of fucking your weak. Get big. Get strong. Get rich. Have a wife. If you only want one that's up to you. Have five or six or seven beautiful children. Raise them to look like you think like you talk like you. Replicates of you. Do not give them to the government. Do not let the government program their minds into cutting their fucking balls off. And save your fucking nations. Instead of  bullshit at me, pretending I'm on Ben's team, when there's no one who's more anti-little shit like Ben than the top fucking G. Make fucking great again. Get to it. So let me describe what fucking is and what fucking isn't. Fucking is not your hand. It's not porn. And your hand pregnant. Porn and feetsies. Anel doesn't produce kids. I know you won't go anal fetishes. Doesn't produce kids. Feet. Don't produce kids. Now let me ask you a question Andrew. If I put on rubber gloves and then washed my hands, did I really wash my hands? No. Condoms. Don't produce children. When we say fucking, we're talking bareback dick and vagina, missionary sex. Old school. That's the way it's...  It's supposed to be, you can't have a cream pie fetish. Normal sexual reproduction isn't a fetish. It's fine and it's normal. These things are not fucking. Or you cannot listen to us and watch your race get replaced. End up minorities in your own countries. End up with leaders who hate you like in Scotland. And intend on putting you all in concentration fucking camps. You complain about it on Twitter and tweet at me. Like I'm the bad guy. Shooting the messenger instead of actually trying to address the fucking problem. We need to fuck away out of this mess. From proper thieves. We need to fuck around this mess. Let me just quickly roast Ben Shapiro. I'm gonna write it right now. You'll all like to tweet. He might advocate for someone else's kids to get guns and come and shoot you. Because he likes doing that. I mean he has two sons. He hasn't sent his sons to anywhere. Obviously. But he's all for everyone else.  They don't meet the height requirement tweet sent a piece of shit door You ain't your friend camgirl to make camgirls my camgirls would beat you up. Yeah, true Oh, I ran a camera or a color than get over it loser Well, I was I tried to save the white people and they hated me Tristan Tristan I've decided though the world is fucked Sometimes when we point it out too often we seem like negative people So what we're gonna do for the next hour or hour and a half is we're gonna tell him what at home All the things are thankful for and all things and make us happy and why we should be positive and why there's hope on the horizon For everybody we're gonna enjoy nice hot cups of 1775 coffee. We're gonna have our cigars No pressure Tristan not only with the most famous men in the world with Thousands and thousands of people watching us. We can just enjoy our time and have a nice positive brotherly time here on this Merge to me because this is all about happiness and smiling More smiling because you know what We do like to highlight to everybody at home that there are certain things going on the world which are slightly underhand  did, you know, like satanic pedophiles. But we do this that people are aware because it is the awareness that allows us to combat their evil agendas. But in general, the world's not all that bad. Coffee, smokes, you're here with your best friend. So we're gonna have a really positive, great time and this merge to me. I prepared a lot of positive content for us to have positive orgones. I don't know if you're joking. There's only two forces in the world. Forget what Newton said. There are two forces in the world. Stress and relaxation and relaxation. You stole that from a 2002 episode of Peep Show. You have positive orgones and negative orgones. And we need to do is absorb the positive orgones. Tristan, we laugh all the time in jail. We danced more in jail than we dance now. And we didn't even have any fucking music.  I mean we just danced around the room while everyone was saying they're human rights are being afflicted This is so terrible and we're like yeah, it's true. It's terrible Because we don't give a fuck I am maybe the world's happiest person. I know people don't believe that But I it would be hard to find a man on earth happier than me Well, you found one you sit next yet. That's not true though. I'm happier than you Okay, and there's nothing you can do about it now. It's a happiness contest There's nothing you do about it you fucking pray a name calling shut up. So this lasted all the five minutes You're a stupid cunt and everyone on this show watches it for me and nobody wants you here That might be true. So I've decided When I was preparing for this murder to me I went through my Twitter and decided to find some of the things I've said about happiness Because I'm a wise man and perhaps there's some wisdom in there So as we're trying to spread positive orgones let's explain happiness and how happiness works  I believe happiness is derived from combat, from fighting, not just fighting professionally kickboxing or in the cage, Tristan. No, but I believe that if you're thankful for something, you will fight to keep it. If it's your six pack, you'll do training to keep it. If it's your girlfriend, you'll try and keep her happy, fighting to maintain and retain or gain and obtain shows genuine appreciation. If you're happy for something, you fight for something. So I believe fighting is happiness. And when you look at the world, the happiest people, they say they call it purpose, men of purpose. They have a purpose to live for. But I feel like a lot of men now in the world today, Tristan, my old friend, have lots of purpose because we all understand the government is trying to kill us. And before COVID and before people woke up, before the mass awakening of the matrix crack, people didn't really understand the government wanted them dead.  So they could go to the club and have fun and party and dance around. But now everybody understands that their satanic pit of files sitting in dark and rooms with boners. Imagining and planning your ultimate demise. So for that reason, people are now more awake, which means fun is harder to have, but purpose is easier to find because it's your purpose to resist the boner demons who want you dead. And you resist them because you fight for those you love and those you care about and you fight for your freedom and you fight for your ability to speak freely against the hard yet relatively small penises of the elites. So I think one of the reasons you and I are so happy all the time, Tristan, despite the monumental stress and the fact that may throw us in jail forever for no reason is that we're fighting against the boner demon and when you're fighting...  You're happy. I am quite happy. So let's make, throughout this emergency meeting, a list of all the things required for a man to be happy in the world today. One, a battle, which means you need an enemy. And don't worry, the matrix has given you an enemy. It's called, the people in charge of your whole life, they hate you, so you already have an enemy. So the first thing a man needs is a battle, because that gives him, let's call this struggle, a struggle. You're not happy without struggle, guys. If you were born and the government didn't hate you and you had endless money coming out your ass and you had to never earn to have anything, I guarantee you be visible. The worst experience a man can possibly have is to be born with everything and not have to work for anything, because there's no light without dark. But you're rich, you're only fun and you could talk about the times you're a poor. Otherwise it's shit. That's why all the people who are born with these banking dynasties are so miserable and try and inflict their misery upon you, because they're so...  inside and they hate humanity because they hate themselves. If they were from the streets and got to the top, they wouldn't hate humanity. They'd love humanity. But these people hate themselves deeply so they hate you by extension. But a struggle allows you as a man to generate positive organs from the air. You can stand there and attack your enemy and instantly feel happy. Just tweet something, fuck these boner demons. Anyone watching this right now, tweet, fuck the boner demons and tag me. I guarantee you, smile. I'll retweet you. I'll get you some followers. It'll be great. Do it right now. So we're talking about how the world's a bad place. There's a few things for you to worry about. Not many, not very important, but just to name a few, the fact that you're all in the farmers grow food, the fact that the occurrences inflate and you're never going to be able to buy a house, the fact that AI is going to replace most of you, the fact that government hates you, the fact that you live in dictatorships owned by traders where they're going to tax you to oblivion.  to send your money somewhere else to be laundered. The fact that the crime rate's increasing, the fact you can't find a woman worth having kids with, all these things, you know, whatever, no big deal. But when you point these things out, there's one or two options. You can either resist and fight back, like we said, in the first point we made, because there's something to fight for, or you can give up and just go, those may be an in-sell, line jerking off play roadblocks, going to Minecraft, building large, dildo cities, huge penises, penis towers. Or you can get mad at me for pointing out, you can shoot the messenger, hey white people, you're not having kids. Oh my God, you're a fucking racist, bro. How many kids you have? None. Okay, it was. Anyway, if people lose this, you can either fight back or give up. But I don't understand most people, and imagine giving.  up. And imagine it even being an option on the table. How could you not fight? Couldn't be me. I have to resist the enslavement. I am thankful to God for giving me this battle. There is nothing I'm more thankful for than God himself putting my brother and I in the position where we are damaging the matrix in real time because I know men like us don't give up. Some men should know when they are conquered Tristan. But we don't. For some reason we continue. I want to remind everyone we've been told by legal counsel not to do emergency meetings until our cases over. Yeah. We've done about 14 emergency meetings so far. Hot coffee cigarette. Straight dig a life's good. Yeah, we really should shut up. We have to fight. So to bravery. If you have a struggle and you are brave you will be happy as a man. How do you feel very very like this? Yeah.  Balls, correct. It's not about always winning guys. We've taken our share of sucker punches. They've busted our door. To be a jail. To go our stuff. But we were never afraid. We were never cowards. It is the bravery which gives you the positive orgones. Yeah, in fact, on that point, I thought the most hilarious thing we've done and it went under the radar because we're so rich and so cool. And we always have nice stuff. So people didn't realize how cool it was. How we were on house arrest for ages and the moment they said, when Mr. Prosecutor thought he took all my stuff, had all my money, had all my cars, I keep losing the court, no, we will not give them back. Ha, ha, ha. The moment they said, okay, guys, you're allowed to leave your house within six hours. Three new super cars arrived in Park Tuller driveway. Legal counsel told us not to do that. Balls, balls, take the car.  Take me back to jail. Don't care. If you think stealing my cars proves I'm a human trafficker come and fucking steal them. I Don't believe in faking it before you make it. There is nothing fake about belief. You have to wait for the rest of the world to catch up with what you already know. You have to see through time, Act accordingly and prepare to told you so that eternally upsets doubters. Now what I say this I do not mean a bunch of clowns and you see them now pretending they're a G-win or not. People without achievements pretending they're important when they're not. I'm not saying that. I'm saying you must believe All of the things you want to have are going to happen. You must see through time With a plan in place so you can see it all come true to be the man you want to be. I was not born a kickboxing world champion. I was not born Internationally renowned. I was not born with money. I was not born with enough power to grab space time.  by the throat, but I developed them all and I decided I wanted them and I saw them. It is impossible and I have never in my life seen a man who eats right goes to the gym every day and train hard not have a good body. The universe is extremely giving it will give you anything you want. He imagined himself of the good body. He made a plan to get one. He followed the plan and he got it. I've never seen somebody who works hard who's in the right networks who's paying attention like inside of the real world to update information who is not rich. I've never seen somebody who dedicates himself to the gym and eats right who is not in fantastic physical condition. It's impossible. You can have anything you want. All you have to do is make a plan and see it. So there's those things that's faking it before you make it. No. You see it and you make it come true. You make everybody else accept your version of reality. You see a version of yourself inside of your mind. I went other people.  people do not see it when they look at you. You bend space time and change your outward projection, your avatar. So others view you exactly the way you see yourself. It is called belief. Let's call this vision. Vision, nice. You must have a vision for who you could be. There is a version of you in the world, which is important, which is respected, which is rich, which is capable, which is charismatic and funny and interesting, with big arms and a long Johnson. You're not him yet, but you need to make a plan to become that person. That person exists. You have to make it come true. Now, with a struggle against mediocrity, against the matrix, against the people who are trying to convince you to sigh up you to stay a nobody, with the balls to resist them, and with a vision to become the kind of person you want to be, positive organs appear. Please understand, you can be happy in the middle of the struggle, in the middle of the stress, in the middle of the wall.  Every day I wake up Two million dollars made yesterday one million dollars stolen by a bank this girls crying or eyes out Cuz some baby mama posted something on Instagram. Please set the door But I'm happy the whole time It doesn't matter You can shoot me and I'd laugh you can derive positive orgones from the battle which means What happens is you end up addicted to the struggle because you want the positivity from it you want the dopamine and If you're addicted to the struggle and you have any semblance of capability you then become one of the most important and formidable forces on the face of the planet because all you do is fucking fight I don't have any fun Fun isn't fun festivals aren't fun clubs aren't fun parties aren't fun sitting around being a jerk off isn't fun You don't think that's fun is winning all of the time Which means I work all of the time people say me and you have so much money why all you do is work because I won  I want to because I have to win. We are designed. We have evolved. We're biologically wired to want to win as men. It doesn't matter if it's a fucking coin flip. Put me on the street. Get some jackass and if I lose a random coin flip against a nobody, it'll ruin my day. I'm supposed to win. I don't lose. Winning. But how you going to win without balls, the ability to resist your oppressors and a vision. How you going to win without those three things? You're going to stay a fucking loser. What do you call someone who loses? A loser and you should see how hot tempers get when I win people lose a Uno in this house. Namely, everyone but me because I am the best. Tristan, I've never lost a game. You've lost loads of games. I've never lost a game in history. That's just something you say. What do you think I just say? I've never lost a game. Yes. I think you just say it and it's not true.  You're crazy. The power of belief is real. Words and thoughts have power. Use them. They are tools and weapons to aid your ascension to greatness. Let me give you a thought experiment. All the people are home. If I was going to shoot you with a gun, a 9 mil, and I'm going to shoot you in the chest one shot. Do you stand a greater chance of surviving if you believe you will not die? You can say one of two sentences before I shoot you. Don't shoot you'll kill me or don't shoot. I will exact revenge. Which one of those two sentences makes you more likely to survive the bullet wound? Just like Steven Sedol. Wake up in off-bow. Go. Train. What was that one called hard to kill hard to kill? Get a gun. Mason's store and kill everyone back. Like a fucking hero. Like a man.  First and tweet is something extremely astute, pertinent and absolutely correct earlier, saying that our generation was raised on Steven Segal, and your generation was raised on fucking Marvel Universe, watching a bunch of fucking girls run around beating up dudes with their fake titties on TV. Doctor Strange! No idea, gay! Don't worry, Doctor Strange should find a version of reality in which the MCU was never invented in everyone wants Steven Segal movies. Steven Doctor Strange wouldn't need to exist because everyone would be a fucking tough guy like me. The power of words is real. So you must say things that I had a very old video before I said, I'm a sayer. Yes, sayer. I'm a sayer. If I say something that comes true, which means I don't need the motivation to do difficult things. I just need to find the energy to say things, but then I have a bond to myself because my word is my bond and my contract is golden, where I do them. So I say I'll do a thousand push-ups.  I'll do a thousand push-ups. So when I'm sitting there feeling lazy to think I don't want to do a thousand push-ups I think well if I just say it then I have to do it and I always have the energy to say something So then I do it. So that's why I always train. I Say I'm gonna train every day. So guess what I do I train every day because I don't break promises to my fucking self Because my word is iron which means if I've never broken a promise to myself if everything I've ever said I meant when I tell the man if you shoot me I will exact revenge That means I'm not allowed to fucking die my body won't let me I'll continue to breathe I'll find the cheat deep within my organs So I can come back just to knock on his door just to make sure his worst nightmare comes true All of this is more medically scientifically accurate than the vaccine by the way So all of you Vax heads watching this who says this isn't medical science You're not really in a place to talk so maybe they're a shut up and let Dr. Andrew preach Absolutely Dr. Andrew Dr. Andrew tells you that you tell the man with the gun that you will exact certain revenge  And then while you get hit with the bullet, you get your chief from inside your body and you force it. And he'll run away because he sees that you did not die. And then one day later on, perhaps a week, perhaps a month, perhaps a year, one day he hears a knock on the door. And he opens his door. Look, who is it? What is it? Or he's walking in the park with his children and he glances in far away, 700, 800, 900 meters. There's a man and a long leather trench coat standing there looking directly at him. Some things are worth staying alive for, including revenge. You can fight evil. Sorry, we've lost track of our list here. So have winning. Winning is important. And the power of words. Winning? Let's call the power of words, Chi. All these things generate positive orgasm. Guys, if you're ever feeling sad, do these things. You'll be happy. I promise.  You can fight evil or you can run from evil. The problem is, evil is very, very fast. Now we point this out on old emergency meetings about how they're all coming for us. It's everywhere and you can't escape it. But it's fine. If you have these things, it's funny. It's great. It's hilarious. Oh, you want to put me in a 15 minute sit, E. Do you? Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. This sounds like a perfect opportunity to call some fuck up for you guys. These few nerds, we're going to take me to jail. A 10 second sit. Again. Ask my D. So you need to understand that evil's coming. So you need to prepare for it. And you prepare for it through positivity. God is liked. Positivity is how you resist what they want you to be. They want you depressed and sad. Please understand one of the main reasons they attack my brother and I is because our influence inspires bravery amongst men. We make you laugh. We make you brave. We make you courageous.  They just make you unafraid to say what you think, even if there are consequences. That's what they're afraid of. They want you scared, they want you depressed, they want you sad, they want you meek, quiet and mild. They want you sitting there, listening to fucking Ben Shapiro jerking off. That's what they want. It genuinely upsets them how much I don't care about going to jail. Oh, well, let's work for years in our little office to try and find a way to put them in jail again. Oh, what's he saying on rumble? Hey, guys, take me to jail losers. We don't care. We don't care. You're in jail. You're in jail. I'm not in jail. I've never been in jail. You're in fucking jail, nerd. Jail was great. You were truly disciplined when you have so much belief in the importance of your actions that the rest of the world feels like an unnecessary distraction. Why would I want to have fun when I can work instead? I can be proud of myself for doing what was hard as opposed to entertain by doing what was...  It's fun. Browd is larger than fun. People like this are impossible to beat. And also, let me tell you, people who don't see that are impossible to reason with. There are people who'll be like, whoa, that sounds miserable. He just works, doesn't have fun. You don't understand the feeling of making $100 million. You don't understand the feeling of buying items where there's only 30 of them in the world and no one else can have them. You don't understand the feeling of doing things no one else can do. So keep your fucking concerts. Keep your festivals, keep your porn, keep jerking off. It's the jerk off mindset. You can look, you can say, oh, they don't go to concerts. They don't do this. They don't smoke drugs. They don't do all the stuff that people think is fun. But giving into impulse as opposed to being disciplined does not lead you to a space of happiness like chasing fun does. And you could boil all these things down to jerking off. Maybe think about it. Now type of guy who jerks off for fun. Yeah.  sit here and say, those guys never want to have fun. They just build up. No, because when you're the elite of the elite men, you can have sex with the best of the best women in the world. I don't need to jerk off. And that applies to absolutely everything you do. Well, I smoked weed and went to a, went to Coachella. These guys are missing out. You're missing out. And you're right. Fun is not as fun as struggle. Fun is not as fun as feeling brave. Fun is not as fun as having a vision and making it come true. Fun is not as fun. As victory and nothing is as fun as victory. What do you think Napoleon had fun campaigning in the fucking cold? No, he could have stayed in France, drank wine. How many French people were rich in 1803? How many in 1805? How many French people were rich in Paris? What, tens of thousands? Yeah. Thousands at least. How many names do you know around that time? The three, three, two, book a kitchen.  zero because one man chased victory and the rest did the I guess time period equivalent of jerk it off. They went to the French 1805 version of Coachella. We have to be the scares. Maybe I can have sex with a woman who doesn't smell as bad as the rest of them. Who cares? Nobody cares. So when you're going to this Coachella shit or you're going to the club or you're chasing fun, where's the victory going to the club? Do you think the victory going to the club is I am going to the club. I had the best table and I had sex with a girl. There's no victory in having sex with girls. Girls have sex with everyone now. You know what? I'm an old man. I'm 37 when I was 21. Having sex with a girl was perhaps a victory. One because I was young and less accomplished and two because women were hard to have sex with. Nowadays if you have any semblance of money at all having sex with women is  It's basically impossible to not do. You, I go out to fucking get my mail and accidentally fuck a bitch. It happens. They're just everywhere and they're begging. It's ridiculous. Especially if you have money because women do not want jobs anymore. They'll do anything to not work. Anything they'll say they love you. They'll do it all. Anything to not work. I get thousands of love letters a day from women. Me, who's trapped in Romania with a human trafficking case. Yeah, the amount of female attention I get has probably tripled since I've been labeled a human trafficking by the media. You know, nice. I don't really believe that but the human trafficking business. But I like a bad boy. If I wanted to human traffic now's the time to start. They're all interested in coming now. Fuck, I'm keeping eye on me, D-Cott. So fun isn't fun. And the fact that you think it's fun shows your adip-shit because these things are fun because these give you masculine, positive organs.  So next week we talk about the negative things in the world today and there's a bunch of them But please understand that losing hope is fatal Hope is a requirement for success My whole life was built on hope you don't become a four-time world champion without it You cannot put yourself through the training required through the sacrifices and pain unless you believe and hope that You're going to win that it's gonna pay off in the end. You must believe in yourself. You must believe People say to me all the time Andrew I heard the war room kicks people out. They don't meet the metrics I said yes, that's true the war room is the best network on the planet because every single year we kick people out Which means every single year let's say you have a thousand people if 500 get kicked out you left to 500 of the winners More people join all year again a year later 500 to kicked out you left for 500 of the winners So it's cream of the crop it's slowly over time Condenses into a network of ultra winners and we get better with every year as opposed to most groups that  let people in and dilute ours gets better. And they say to me, but what if I don't make the cup? How are you gonna fucking talk about failure before you've even tried, joined, know what the metrics are for success? You're already talking about losing. You haven't even fucking tried. Exactly. That's why you're gonna lose. You're exactly the type of person who types to me on Twitter. Well, no, everyone can make it. I be the kind of person who says, that sounds like exactly the kind of network I want to be in. That sounds like the kind of network I want to be in. I don't care what it takes. I'm gonna make it because the world is actually structured the same way. There's no a big bad man named Andrew Tate who kicks you out like in the war room. However, in maybe no jobs industries, if you're not competitive, you fail and you're out. The dating market, if you're not competitive, you fail, you're out. Any type of sports career, if you're not competitive, you fail, you're out. And the only people, people watch Play Football on the Tate.  or play tennis on the TV, or the only people were known for being automotive giants are the people who succeeded. Lots of people probably tried to start electric car companies in the past 30 years. Oh, for sure. How many do you know? One? I know one man. Why? Because he fucking nailed it. So the world is structured exactly the same way, but you fade into obscurity rather than being kicked out. And you don't realize you're out, but you're fucking out. You can achieve your dreams, but you need to regain your hope. I am here to show you it is possible. I will be freed from this jail cell. I tweeted that on March 29th, almost exactly a year ago, a year and one month ago from a jail cell was I telling the truth. I never lost hope. I knew sooner or later, three will be free. Three days a night of the take three years of my life for 30 sooner or later, I will be free and sooner or later I'll be able to tell them what happened. And guess what guys at home, we haven't even told you what happened. Oh, you have no idea. You have no idea the level of corruption we're facing.  We haven't even told you the things we know yet. They're gonna put us back probably. See, and jail, the video's already made live on rumble. The moment I get arrested again. It's all fine. It's all fine. It's hilarious. I never lost hope. I had my positive orgones. So let's write hope down because hope and vision are slightly different. Vision, you can see where you want to end up. But hope is the belief that for sure the vision will come true. I got one guys to understand something. The reason they hate us so much is because we make you feel good. When you watch our content, you're not afraid of their bullshit anymore. When they come along and say, COVID's gonna kill us all. Perhaps you were sitting there with your tiny P.P. a little bit worried about it. Jerkin' off. Jerkin' off. But if we weren't censored back then, like we were, if you knew about emergency meetings back then, imagine they tried to do COVID now and they didn't emergency meeting. And we told you all to go outside and tell them to get fucked. You'd probably go outside and tell them to get fucked. It would all fall apart instantly. We make you feel happy and brave.  They do not want you happy. They don't want you to smile. So we have to put smile down because smiles piss them off. What the, what, what, what was most famous on my last arrest? Me smiling, walking out a court knowing I've been matrix attacked in my top jeep. Hi guys. Hi guys. I can jail again. I'm still me in jail, by the way. Did they not realize that we're still I am interested in, you know, happy because I'm me and I'm the, when the coolest man on the planet and he put me in jail, I'm still me. You have to be, I'm talking to the people who are put me in jail. You have to be you outside of jail, your whole life. I get to be me mostly outside of jail for my life. I know it's what most people would rather fucking pick losers. Right guys, get a pen and paper because we're going to move into the next stage now. We moved to the stage where I want to try and fire you up with unlimited motivation.  I want you to leave this emergency meeting, not only understanding these things you need to have permanent positive organs as a man, write them down, struggle balls, vision, victory, slash, Qi, hope and a smile. But I'm now going to give you motivation because we have to feel like we can win this battle against the Matrix because we can. Ultimately, it's still humanity that has control. There's more of us than them. And as long as we smile in the face of certain death, they have no weapon to scare us with. How can you scare a man who's not afraid to die and not afraid of jail? What are you going to do? Lock me up and give me a free meal every day. Conjugal visits with my fucking harem. Give a shit. Free what your worst punishment is to save my life is free soup. That's the worst you've done to me is give me free soup and free cockroach free target practice. No one are my fucking caught us stronger than ever before. I'll sit there and remaster show.  the con, give a shit. So get a pen and paper and take notes. We're entering motivation land. I'm tired. I'm horny. I like jerk off. Another thing that's going to give you a lot of motivation and power as a man is helping other people. Yeah, it's inside of the masculine imperative to provide and to protect. If I love a woman, I want to protect her. I want to give her things and I want to make sure she is safe. This is how I feel naturally. It's my natural inclination. We talked about how you are some of the five people you spend the most time with. If you spend time with powerful people, you'll feel more powerful. So let's write network down here at number eight. Do you remember the champ? I remember the champ we gave an honorable mention to the greatest sportsman of this millennia, the champ, the champ. The person who did who went above and beyond and did everything that was necessary to dominate. Let me give and feel the sports that they participate. Yeah, I remember the champ. Yes. Of course I do. If I can find a clip, why I find a clip of the  The greatest sportsman in this generation is he talking about Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson. Is he talking about Roger Federer? He's talking about Max for stabbing which, which champ which champ? Oh, the champ. The champ. Now before we talk about the champ, because I have to find this clip, I'm going to play a video quickly. When I talk earlier about people who give up before they even tried. If I tell you you have to pull something off in less than a year, there's two kinds of people. People who say, what happens if I don't do it? And there's people who say, I'll do it. No problem no matter what it takes, I'll get it done. And I'm going to play this video explaining how the war room operates quickly while I find the video of the champ. Then we're going to continue. This is going to be a longer than usual emergency meeting because I have a lot to get through. We have to talk about the champ at length. It's going to be very, very important. Guys, this is how the world works as my brother said. It's not just the war room. This is how the world actually works. There's winners and there's losers and you have to decide which one you are. It's actually an emblem, which reminds me of the true reality of this cold world. That when bad things happen, you only have brothers. You can rely on who are prepared to die beside you, the women and the children who love you. You must protect.  but the only people that protect you are your brothers. I don't like talking about religion at all. I really don't like doing it. But if we're gonna talk about it quickly, I think that the different religions are perhaps different languages to say the same thing. There is one God and there's a God that must be respected. And whether I say I believe in God in English or I believe in God in German, I'm saying the same thing with a different language, which means the same overall overarching message. And I think that society needs more God as opposed to less. So I don't problems with arguing who believes in what type of God or how. Yeah, I don't try to stop people from being Muslim or even being Jewish or any religion at all. It's much better than atheism. So this weekend I stepped into the ring with Luke Barnett for sparring and smiled. I drank fire blood and smiled because I was surrounded by brothers, SCIO. Important and interesting, very important. You're a round man. What do we say here? Number eight on the board network. You're a round people who make you feel powerful then you do difficult things with ease. If you're a round people that make you feel weak you're gonna do difficult things. Well, you're not gonna do them at all. You can do hard things with difficulty. You can do easy things with difficulty, I apologize. Which is the exact point of a network. That your friends are supposed to bring out the best in you and some.  Sometimes the best in you is the worst in you, according to the matrix, being brash and loud and confident. They don't want you to be these things. They want you to be depressed and sad and meek. So it's very important that you have a network which is inspiring you to do the right thing. Absolutely. So that sounds like fantastic news. Right. We're talking about the champ now. Oh, the champ. Remember the champ? Yeah, the single greatest athlete there's been in the last 10,000 years. For anybody who didn't know the best athlete in history was, here's an old emergency meeting where we first identified the best athlete on the face of the planet. Day after day, consistently delivering. Champ. Massive victories. Champ. And I want to give a shout out to this week's Woman of the Week, the champ, Lea Thomas. Can we get a picture of Lea Thomas up here? Is the fucking champion? Now, let me tell you something about becoming a champion. One second, one second. Before I put the picture on, do you know why I can put the picture on the screen? It's a good and split screener because you're the producer. Cause I am the best producer. Even though it doesn't really fit. It doesn't matter. Okay. How about the spot?  only for the pitch on the left. I feel like you're trying to make excuses for the girls who lost the losers in the competitions. The champ. Yeah. She did. She is here to do whatever it takes to win, including change genders. If she has to cut her dick and balls off to win a championship, she'll get it done. It makes you more aerodynamic in the war. Hard work. Dedication. She is the champ. But got bad news. You know, with every great athlete, you get those who emulate the style. Who first start boxing with the Philly Shell? Who was it? Because other people like Floyd Mayweather did it better and became more accomplished. You know, they stole their thunder essentially because people develop a certain style. And then other athletes, athletes copycat that style and perfect it. Do better than the original athlete who masterminded the style in the first place. Now, Leo Thomas's style, as we know, is swim at an average speed for a minute.  and dress like a woman and take down the competition. Now, it was sensational. She did extremely well, but someone has copied her technique. So yeah, it's unfortunate for us to announce here that the champ is no longer the champ because she lost this weekend to a different transgender athlete. Fuck. So someone else came along and chopped their balls off and beat Leah at her own games. Now, first and second place in the woman's swim race are two men, sorry women who used to be men, but changed genders. And now Leah Thomas is no longer the champ because she got outchamped by the real champ. Yeah. Who chopped their dick off more than her. What's this dude's name? We need to give a shout out to the real champ. The real champ. Well, Penn, Penn, the school Penn is where Leah Thomas is from.  This one is from Yale. So there's two transgender swimmers and a head-to-head transgender dickless swimmer. So let me get this straight. If you're a woman and scholarships only go to the top three athletes in swimming, you have one third of the chances you had before of getting your swimming scholarship. Isaac Henig. Isaac Henig. A feminine beautiful name for a stunning brave woman. The champ, champ, just beat the champ. Now, I want to make something clear to everyone at home because I have this terrible reputation. I don't know where it came from. As a misogynist, I don't know why they say it. I believe there's differences between the genders and there's nothing wrong to point in those things out. People seem to think I hate women because I point out the very obvious things about masculine dynamics and female dynamics. But I don't want anyone at home to think I'm not a fan of female sports. People often complain about the gender pay gap and they say, oh, but women athletes don't get paid the same as male.  athletes and I will sit and say, well, that's because nobody watches women sports, especially women. Women watch men sports, women don't watch women sports and there's no viewership and there's no ticket sales. How can you pay them the same wage because nobody cares? That's why women get paid nothing because no one's interested. But I'm a soljianist. So I want everyone to know that I am interested and I am vowing now. Every single time there's a transgender athlete ready to fucking destroy the world records of the cis females, I'm going to tune in and pay attention. In fact, the only time I will watch women sports is if there's a dude with a wig kicking the fuck out of all their records. And if you really want to get my attention, get two dudes and an ultimate dude off in the middle of the feminine race, the big dude off the dickless ballless showdown, that row down, the row down. That's how to really get my attention. If you want men, if you want people to watch women sports, get more dudes.  Swimming We need to see him in tennis boxing. Yeah, we see more dudes if you want people to watch women's sports is fine get more dudes Guess a more dude this is interesting. I've never comment on women's swing before But now we got the two dudes from the two schools having a dude off in the middle now I want to see what happens now Now this is how we get the viewership pop this is how we get the women pay. I'm interested. I'm super interested Isaac or Leah Who's it gonna be? Who knows? Bro down. So some final motivational points for you guys here I want you all to understand something because we talked about some very important things today And I hope you took some notes that will allow you to build a positive mindset because understand that your mindset Your mentality is the framework the software which your hardware operates under when we talked earlier about how you have to be Impossible to hurt by bullets because you're promising to exact revenge that is installing software  that allows your hardware to operate differently than as opposed to you being afraid of the bullets. So your mindset, your mentality, how you view the world as a software which programs your hardware, and it's extremely important that you do not believe in things that take away power from you, and you extract positive orgones from the universe by eternally struggling in battles which allow you and your bloodline to ascend to the highest possible echelons of masculine achievement. When you're doing this, you'll automatically and naturally become an enemy of the system, and an enemy of the matrix because the matrix wants to keep you suppressed and all pressed. It wants you to keep you depressed with an empty mind so that they can install the slave programming at will and instantly change it. From COVID to Ukraine to climate change to Dildo to whatever they want you to shove up your ass, they want to make sure your mind is empty so they can put on the news and you instantly comply without questioning them. You will do that if you're depressed and you're afraid of fighting back. It's very difficult to have an opinion which allows you, which requires you to battle the mainstream consensus if you're afraid of a fight.  If you're too scared to fight, you're not gonna have opinions which go against the mainstream consensus because you can't defend them If you're too weak or too depressed or too sad to fight once again, you will instantly swallow the shit sandwich that they give you You will eat the bugs you will take the dildo they want you sad, which is why it's very important that you are happy But we are winning this war. This is a hopeful Emergency meeting we're gonna try and spread hope so want you guys to understand something very pertinent about the world you're currently living in The matrix does not loudly announce its losses But the losses do happen just because they won't tell you they're happening Why would they because it will inspire more resistance? It doesn't mean they're not happening at all They're afraid and they are very unhappy with certain key things which have happened that we're all aware of El Salvador has gone from the most dangerous to the second most safest nation in the Western hemisphere It was nothing complicated. They just arrested the criminals. That's it. A rest of criminals put him in fucking jail done They could do that  Anywhere else they refuse to do that anywhere else because it is only one or two percent of the population that make an entire area unsafe They could do it in America they could fix all the cities They don't want to fix it. They want the chaos They want the mess so they can print more money so they can come to you with more bullshit and more different Governors to vote for and more false division and false garbage and false choice They do all of this on purpose, but the fact El Salvador fixed everything is allowing people to understand that it can be fixed This is a massive loss for the matrix They're afraid now that even billionaires are going to jail Max well Glechine Max well, whatever her name was she's in jail That would have been unthinkable 10 years ago because without the public pressure without social media without Twitter without everyone Screaming now do we have everyone off in Epstein's list? No, is it perfect? No, but it still is good that one of them is facing punishment at least Without public pressure that never would have happened That's a massive win that the matrix doesn't like because now the people in charge are under  There is although slight a possibility they'll go to jail before it was unthinkable because no one knew who they were No one shunned light on their crimes. Remember God's truth is light doing the work of God is telling the truth People's understanding is deeper than it used to be It's not the same. We used to be very shallow in our understanding of how politics worked of how the MSM lied about how money isn't real all of these things Are now becoming understood By the general populace. What's this? Oh The swimming what what swimming's now become this is a female race Nice draw me tuning in the little slime ball Sam Bankman freed of FTX got 25 years for stealing all your money That's a win considering he donated all that money to the Democrats so he could steal all your money Eventually they thought there's so much public pressure and there's so much interest in this case We're gonna have to put his ass in jail and sell  out. He probably thought, oh, I've donated hundreds of millions. They'll let me off. Turns out they're snakes. They took his money and threw his ass in jail. That's what happens. So that's another way to add against the matrix. It's a new era where the corruption of the past simply cannot survive free speech. God's light is truth. Free speech allows people to tell the truth without being censored. We have only a crack in the monopoly and look how we're starting to get victories against a matrix. Imagine when you can tell the real truth all the time everywhere. They're going to come and try and censor us harder than ever before. They're panicking now. They're trying to shot everyone up. Australia is trying to get rumbled, delete it everywhere. All these new laws in Scotland by online hate speech. They're panicking. Brazil trying to close down ex. Brazil trying to close down ex. And arrest Elon's employees as criminals. But if you do not allow them to do that, if we continue to resist if free speech remains and God's light shines true, all of their corruption will be exposed. Nobody believes anything on the news anymore. This is a massive win against a matrix.  Guys be hopeful this is a win nobody believes to make sure news Nobody believes that bullshit wars nobody wants to go dying to ditch Nobody believes any of their crap they used to be able to say enemies are freedom get your gun Saddle up and you go over there to get shot in the fucking face by some peasant farmer who just wanted you to fuck off and leave him alone Now nobody will go nobody with a brain We now understand that we have no borders our countries being invaded all of these things are now common knowledge Nobody can argue against them anymore. God's light is shining true The evil and by evil I mean the sadistic and demonic Pluto crats who have lorded over populations for millennia are Finally vulnerable and afraid and they're afraid of speech They're afraid of the truth and they're afraid of you being motivated and positive and happy Not depressed. They want you to press they feed you shit food They give you porn they get you shit entertainment to distract you They put you in a situation where you can't Vibely afford a home in this economy. They keep you broke  Do anything they can to keep you sad because they are afraid of you. They don't want you to wake up and be strong and motivated. Heaven forbid you also get rich. Heaven forbid you also start telling everyone else to do the same thing. Heaven forbid you go bald head in the long johnson. If you do that, I'll put you in fucking jail. They are scared now. They are afraid. We are finally starting to beat these people for the first time in modern history. And we're also living in a world where perhaps the best time to ever be alive in a first world country. We have some of the best possible lives ever. Remember kings didn't have hot water. Kings. Kings didn't have ice. You have both. And your broke. The world is great. You just have to stop allowing them to suppress your spirit. You must continue to fight back and understand that they're not advertising their losses. But their losses are happening because they are losing their ability to lie. Their entire structure. All of the castles are built of pure deception.  It's a house of cards. They can't lie. They need lies to prop up the lies. They tell a lie to get caught. They lie why they lied. Then they'll tell a lie about the lie that they used about why they lied in the first place. Then they'll come up with another lie to distract you from the first set of lies. Once they can't lie, it all falls apart. And now every time they say anything, nobody believes them anymore. There's finally consequences coming. X and rumble telegrams, substack are leading the charge in the ability for people to tell the truth now. They need lies. We need truth. Truth exists. Lies don't. That means they need infinitely more energy than we need to win. When you tell a lie, it takes exponential energy to propagate and promote and float that lie out in the universe. You have to repeat it. So many thousand times to try and convince the slave populace. It's true. When you tell a truth, you say it once and you say it once and let people's goals.  given innate consciousness absorbed the truth and they'll sit there and go, wait, that actually makes sense. Wait, the whole world makes a lot more sense under this framework of thinking as opposed to the framework of thinking on the news. I can tell it truth once. They have to tell a lie 10 million times. It's a battle in which they will fatigue before us. It takes too much energy. They're inefficient. The efficient man wins in a boxing match, maybe not in round one, maybe not in round two, but in round eight, nine and ten is about who has what left in the gas tank? Truth travel further. There are men out there who are made invisible because of what they know. A critical mass is forming on X as what was hidden can finally be said. There's not just us. There's a whole bunch of other people who are deleted long ago, who were censored long ago, who know a lot of truth about the world, who are about to come back. We're going to gain more warriors as free speech. Spread.  throughout the internet. They were not paired for the internet. They were not paired for this. They were using it. They were using the internet during the Arab Spring to Tuple governments. They never expected the internet to topple their own castles of lies. It turned on them. Now they're panicking trying to pass emergency legislation. But these are all huge losses for the matrix. Be motivated. Be happy. My brother and I didn't go to jail for no fucking reason. We're winning. Putting us in jail highlighted the corruption of speaking against these people. They shot themselves in the foot. Putting us in jail. In the end, it worked in our favor. And you need to understand the perfection is not the standard. And the enemy of your enemy is your friend. People often ask why I tweet today in support of Tommy Robinson. He argues against Islam. He's pro-Israel. I'm strongly against both of those viewpoints. However, the case against him was bullshit. It was law fair. They were trying to shut up somebody who they don't like. They were using the legal system to punish a dissident voice. And I'll country that supposed to be free.  and he quite rightly won his case, which he deserved to win. He is against corrupt governments, at least. Let's all agree on getting rid of that first. We can argue the details later, but the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Plus I know I'm on a personal basis. I don't need everybody to agree with everything I say. I need people to do, reject the slave programming. Look at where we are now compared to where we were and see how much better things have gotten. Pull out the support for the first Gulf War compared with the second one compared to Syria. The first Gulf War had every American wave and a fucking flag. Nobody could point to those places on a map. Nobody saw the dead bodies. Nobody even really understood why we were blowing them up. Now we know it was all for money, profiteering, bullshit, neocon, deep state garbage. Nobody believes there are wars anymore. This is extremely important because they use their wars. Their wars are the dildo they use to force the currency down the world's throat. That's why they have their wars for the  bullshit currency they force everybody to accept when the wars end the monetary system ends when they can't print money from the fucking sky and enslave you with it e.g. force you to work your ass off for these paper pieces of shit that don't mean anything which they print faster than you can ever possibly save so you'll never own anything anyway when they can stop enslaving humanity with things they print because they can't just go to war at random with their lies a lot of the world's problems will be fixed the matrix has taken massive losses massive losses and for our next few emergency meetings when we're talking about all the positive things are happening in the world my hope you feel inspired and understand that every single time you do the right thing it's an active resistance every time you go to the gym and train when you don't feel like training is an active resistance every single time you make enough money to retire your mother or give charity to somebody you need is an active resistance every time you smile when they want you to be depressed is an active resistance every time you watch the MSM and say I don't believe you as an active resistance  That is what they are afraid of mass resistance, passive resistance. Then putting a lie on the news and you shaking your head and going, not this time. Nope. That's resistance. They are losing now and they are afraid. And you should be happy about those things. You should be happy that every single time they open their mouths, they're called exactly what they are fucking liars. And we want to thank all of you at home for watching this emergency meeting. I hope you leave this feeling positive, motivate and spread the word that the matrix is actually losing. For the first time in human history, we stand a chance of building a future and building a society based on God's truth. You deserve it as do your children as do your bloodline. And I'm very glad you were here to be part of this movement because I have a feeling, although things may get worse before they get better, in the end, victory will be ours. So you can have trust in your own PPSUCT. It's counterintuitive, but massive wealth and success can become a cage. Or cannot be unlinked from effort.  There's no light without dark and there's no value without struggle. The Yang and the Yang. I say this all the time, the Yang and the Yang. In fact, I want to do an entire emergency meeting on the Yang and the Yang because those Chinese people got that right. And I often say it. You know when I talk about it most often, let me be, let me be vulnerable to our audience, our family and friends here. I'm going to be vulnerable and open up. I talk about the Yang and the Yang when I'm having conversations in my relationships. Because women don't like the Yang and the Yang. They just want the Yang or the Yang. I'm not sure which one, the light one. And I try to explain to them that there's no light without dark in this world. I know you want the top G. I understand I am the most famous man in the planet. And I'm built like Hercules and I'm super rich and I'm funny and I'm charismatic and I'm interesting. And I'm tall and I have a long Johnson. There's all the light. I understand why you're here. But then you complain about the little bit of dark like  You're best friend in my bedroom. Hey, bro, there's no light without dark. It's like with cars. You can choose a Ferrari and then you get a nice fast. What the fuck is that? It's just a picture of you I drew while I was talking. I was gonna draw you crying because I thought you're gonna say something else so that I stopped halfway through and just drew you. And it looks loads like you. You can, I'm no longer, you're no longer participating in this murder to me. I'm trying to, I'm trying to, I'm trying to, fine, I'm drawing pictures. I'm trying to draw pictures. You don't have a mic. I had a straight straight. Fuck you. You can buy a Ferrari and it's gonna drive very quickly and you're gonna be very well known around the city and you get to show up on your ridge. But the downsides are, it's expensive to maintain and sometimes it just won't start. You can buy a Nissan that always works and it's very cost effective but nobody's gonna respect you. There's no light without dark. You have to choose one of the two. And that's what's so beautiful about the Ying of the Yang. Oh, wild live Nissan sorry. Sorry. Okay.  That's not how you're going. So how do you find happiness? Happiness is in struggle. And I've talked about this in a lot of emergency meetings before. The struggle and the size of the struggle you're facing, along with how important it is and how important you feel it is, deep in your heart, is directly correlated to how successful and how happy you're going to feel all of the time. Struggle is extremely important for a man. You should be looking to inject struggle into your life permanently. We talked about this in the past emergency meeting because if you're injecting struggle and that struggle, solving those problems lead to a positive place. Once you become addicted to it, you're going to become a machine of monumental achievement. There are some very simple basic things you can do. Weight training, chest, having debates, trying your very best to take care of your mother, retire her, make sure that you're people who you love are taking care of. You need goals and resistance and something to fight against to live well because the distance between pain and joy is what we experience. If you only have joy all of the time.  and no pain, you are not going to be happy. I don't trust you. What are you doing? Coughing down the superchess and writing down points for the after hours. Playing a five year old in chess is no fun, even though you're gonna win every time. Being crushed by Bobby Fisher is not fun either. Struggle must be balanced with a billy. No challenge, well, personally, I believe no challenge is great or more rewarding than having children. I've watched people with full heads of gray hair, still going out to the bars, trying to catch the fantasy they live in their head of young hot girls gonna matter to them and make them feel happy. I've seen youth waste away hours and hours, watching other people in live shows addicted to some bullshit on fucking kick. It's a vicious lifestyle. In my case, and a lot of other matrix attacks, I feel like some friends of mine as a fellow rumble streamers are gonna be suffering the same thing very soon. They find the guy they wanna lock up and they then work backwards looking for the crime. That's what happened in my case in a sub-suit.  ridiculous. Andrew, the love Clyde, they love Clyde says, how important do you think having a watch is for doing business? Thank you for your bravery, fuck the mainstream media. I know it's because you owe it. You're shortness on every emergency meeting, but you do have a watch on and I always wear a watch. I usually have a watch on, but I'm a watch on today. Okay. So maybe that's why they asked the question. Where in a Rolex used to be a big deal, but the world's changed now. Nobody cares about that kind of stuff. We're moving outside of the material world into this AI techno insanity. Pass me a red one. Pass me to give me two red bulls. Where in a Rolex used to be like a state of symbol. I don't think anybody cares anymore to be honest with you, but you should have a nice watch because you should struggle to get the nice watch. That's the point. The point is not to watch itself. You're not going to use it until the time. The point is that you had to struggle to obtain it, to earn it, to have it. As a man, you need to have struggle in your life. So during this emergency meeting, I want you guys to actually sit and think, what struggle are you going through daily? What?  struggle or you're undertaking what struggle you trying to overcome because you should make a list of them. I can know for myself every single day I wake up and I train physically every single day I have to go through X amount of physical pain when my day begins that is a struggle that must be completed that I must try and keep my massive empire online fight the matrix fight the legal cases see my children make sure their mothers don't lose their minds take care of everybody and hopefully there's any time left in the day I can drop my Ferrari around and find another wife. There's struggle involved my life is difficult difficult lives are fulfilling because we used to have to hunt and fish and go out there and go through difficulty to survive. I often see that when I speak to people who are too comfortable they end up being unhappy. Yeah you can't entertain yourself to happiness you must earn happiness you must climb them out and you must struggle yourself to happiness that's extremely important there must be physical mental social creative some kind of spiritual struggle and those things being satisfied is what's gonna satisfy you it's like Bitcoin Bitcoin's a mathematical equation you solve the equation you get a Bitcoin life is very much the same  There's struggles, there's difficulties, would you have undertaken, would you have adopted to try and complete? And when you finish those things, then you get satisfaction as a reward. That's the Bitcoin. The only other alternative to that to feel good is hedonism, which is drugs and alcohol and trying to chase stupid women around. And that's not gonna satisfy you for very long and it's also gonna destroy your life. So it's extremely important. This is actually why people are addicted to video games. Young men are addicted to video games because it mimics virtually what they ought to be doing in the real world. Yeah. Effort and to upgrade their character to become a better version of themselves so they can do better things and they can previously do and explore new areas of the map. The areas of the map, which are Pugatti Convention flying there on a private jet to sit with billionaires. The Grand Casino Monaco is a cool area of the map that you have not unlocked yet, but it's fucking great. Which requires you to upgrade your character as a person. You understand this in video games and you do it in video games because it's very interesting to do. However, you don't wanna do it in the real world, but in the real world, it's so much more rewarding.  And I actually gonna argue that we're living in one of the final periods where that's true I'd say in a few generations Who you are and who your physical body is may not matter nearly as much. No, but it does matter today a lot Exactly. So that's why you should Enjoy it while you can yeah, so you need to Pick the low hanging fruit first and the starting block to all of these things is your body I believe you lift stretch move and prove your body try and train MMA learn how to fight get stronger get bigger muscles It's a Fast track to self discipline which will carry over into all other endeavors and I would argue that is nearly impossible In fact, how many people can say the gym save their life? How many people do you know where to press start training gone fantastic shape and weren't depressed anymore? It is very easy the low hanging fruit is your body and upgrading your body That is the easiest struggle which is never gonna backfire on you and never gonna be a negative towards any other Facet of your life and I would say Subconsciously because we weren't as knowledgeable we were smart, but we were not as knowledgeable when we were young as we are  now. But then when I look back over my life, I look back at being a teenager, I look back at being in my early 20s. The fact that I was always in amazing physical condition is probably what gave me the drive, the energy, the self respect to want to drive a nice car, have nice clothes. It was probably one of our major points of a fuel of momentum, the fact that we were always in great physical shape. Back then I was just like, yeah, kickboxing is fun. I like kickboxing. I didn't understand how important it was to shaping my mind. I'm not going to be a big fan of my mindset and my frame and my work ethic as a man. And look where I am today. Under arrest, but still richer than anyone else, you know. So you have to find struggle to improve. Now, the matrix tries very hard to stop you from undertaking struggle. Think about it. What is the last struggle the matrix has tried to push you to do? They don't tell you to get strong. They don't even tell you to go out there and dedicate yourself to anything. They say it doesn't matter. It's fine to what's porn and jerk off. It's fine to body positivity. You don't have to...  being great shape, the people who go to the gym are narcissists. Exactly. Because they want to normalize dysfunction, they want to normalize the idea of you being a soft goo that they can manipulate in real time. And it's very important that if you dedicate yourselves to things, you dedicate yourself to struggle, you no longer be afraid of struggle, which means you're no longer afraid of them. I'm going to talk about something here. The system in general, I think, is showing how afraid it is. And when I watched the last emergency meeting back and I was talking about how many wins we had against the Matrix, that's extremely important. The system would not censor us if we didn't matter. The system would not expose itself with praise and corruption if it was not afraid. And it would not be afraid unless it knew it was weak. We know the weak points. The soft part, the soft spot is to control of mass media. This is why they try to destroy people who've attained reach, like we have, because they know the media is collapsing in real time. Tucker, on Gino, brand. Everyone. But what happens when they know long?  believe they're like when we no longer believe their lies. 140 countries and 12 security council members voted in favor of Palestine. The world knows the matrix's grip on America is slipping all because we broke the monopoly on media. Once that slips enough it's over. Like the USSR can disappear in today. So I although the matrix is not loudly announced this losses I truly think that as the matrix cracks and falls I think there's gonna be a a period of chaos before there's a period of stability and people who are used to struggle and good with struggle are gonna be far better off than those who aren't. Yeah we're at the strong men create good times part of the cycle hopefully. I think the last 15 20 years we've been in the good times create weak men and yeah things are changing just for the mindsets of all the young men that I see now as opposed to all the mindsets of all the young men I saw ten years ago would they have people to look up to again. I had Steven Segal because I'm old and obviously I watched good action movies but there was a period before me and you  became so prominent online when it was fucked. It was literally great. Your good times create weak men. That's what it was. Everyone was fat. Everyone was soy. Everyone was a dork. Twitter was going to train. Twitter was going. Everyone was getting banned. You couldn't have an opinion. Now even Mark Zuckerberg himself is getting into great shape, leading by example. So yeah, the culture has definitely shifted. This is now hard times create strong men. It's great. It just wants you to feel broken and powerless, but 90% of their control is intimidation. They need you. They need you blackpilled and feeling helpless and you're going to resist against that by finding struggle out there in the world, adopting it into your life and constantly solving problems. Then you will never feel helpless again and they can no longer intimidate you. That is the primary objective. That's why you need to feel positive all the time. That's why I have to understand what they're trying to do. That's why I have to look at things that are difficult to do and simply do them. That's one of the most beautiful things and improving your body is the easiest, lowest hanging fruit that absolutely everyone can do. You can drop and do pushups right here.  right now. There's nothing stopping you from being in a physical specimen. So I'm going to become a leetist. And when I look at men who are physical specimens, I think everyone naturally does this, but I'm going to openly say it. I respect them differently than I look at men who aren't. I have a different level of respect for them because they show me they have discipline, they show me they have motivation, they show me they're capable of doing difficult and hard things. Those are the kind of people I trust or the kind of people who struggle in their life. So a new struggle comes along by the matrix given to them to damage them and try and attack their psyche. They're not afraid of it. They're not afraid of struggle. They're problem solvers. People who train are problem solvers and you need to become one because I believe as the matrix collapses, it's going to be a small period, perhaps the rest of our lives of chaos and danger before we build a new world order, which is going to be built on God's truth and light, I hope. And you need to become very, very adept at solving problems pretty quickly. You know, it is low hanging for I said this the other day. The other day, I caught some flack on I said something controversial. What I found a video. I found a video of some gamers, eSports players that call themselves fat  arguing and I said these are everyone this video is a fat nerd and a fat dork and you know this is gay and they should take the word sports away from esports and obviously all the fat dorks lost their mind but about three people three were professional esports players who were jacked tall strong and great shape and I looked at their ex-profiles and I follow them all now I forgot their names I apologize gentlemen don't know you I forgot your your call signs or whatever you call yourself and their lives actually looked good every other esports player hear me out plays video games all day and their life looks shit they look depressed being them seems depressing however if you work all day an office of your CEO of fortune 500 company and you're 10 hours a day on your computer or 15 hours a day on a computer like me and Andrew sometimes are and we make a bunch of money and stay in shape it's not that different if you are a professional video game player and you spend 12 hours a day. So why would I say who are these guys to explain why would the their lives look good because they just the stuff they did looked cool because they were in  in good shape. So they trained in the gym and then beat the show. I've won a video. Yes, absolutely. There's a guy called Dr. Disrespect with a thick mustache and a big mullet. And he's like, six foot eight and he's jacked as fuck. And he's like, yeah, I'll take you all down. And when he's screaming at the camera, you're like, yeah, that guy will take you down. That guy's actually intimidating. And he's one of the best video game players in the world. But he could obviously go basically anywhere and pick up a woman and he's got a nice car and having a nice car amplifies the fact that he's a jacked specimen of a man and not a fat little doorcluck or the other video game players. So yeah, it is low hanging fruit. That's the one differential in these people's lives, these esports players that makes men whose lives look enviable and men whose lives look shit. That's the one factor. Everything else stems from that. So don't be a fat lazy fuck, no matter who you are, no matter what you do. So yeah, you can be great. So let's make a list of all the struggles that people should be adopting inside of their life that are gonna give them satisfaction. Let's get rid of this terrible picture of me. And let's practice.  Terrible! Yes. I'm Mr. Rogers. So you made it to you. It can't be that terrible if you described it as a picture of you. That is you. First, I'll let you write down your master. I can't spell. Okay. First, you want to become as strong as physically possible. Only no numbers. Right? Strongest as physically possible in numbers. Strongest as physically possible. Okay. Okay. Why don't I say that? Why don't I just let you write it down and continue? Stronger than 99? Yeah, better than level 99. It's obviously the maximum level you can get, but you want to be above that. So you want to be as strong as this is possible. Next, you want to try and make as much money as possible. Not even necessarily for the money. Although money is extremely important, because it allows you to take care of yourself and fight against a matrix we talked about this before. But there's a challenge involved and solving that challenge and solving that conundrum is going to make you feel more satisfied as a human. Happiness comes from success.  and making money a success. Infinity times infinity. Nice. You should try and make people around you smile and be happy. You should try and encourage positivity around you. You should be the kind of person that no one can really complain about their struggles around because they know that you're the person who's gonna be like, why are you complaining when you could just simply fix it? Okay, colon bracket, which is obviously an old school emoji for smiley face. Oh, no numbers. I don't know letters. You're right. Okay. Fine. So those are three of the most basic things you can do to try and get some satisfaction. Now I've written a list of what this at me. I'll retweet one greater than 99. That means be as strong as physically possible. Two infinity times infinity be as rich as possible. And number three, colon bracket, which means make everyone happy and be smiley. You know,  When I was poor, I thought everybody was poor. Yeah. And then I got rich. And now I think everybody's rich. It's amazing how you see what you are in the world. Yeah. It's like if you're a thief, you don't trust anyone, because all you do is steal. So you're afraid to do business deals with people because you're a thief. When we do business deals with people, we just shake hands because we know that we're well-intentioned and we don't even need a contract. We'll just talk to a war room guy and say, yeah, OK, good deal. Shake hands done. Split the money at the end. Because we know that we don't steal, so they don't steal. So it's a win-win, especially successful people. Successful people are uninterested in stealing, because we'd rather everybody win and keep the friendship and keep the network and keep the positive orgones and keep the good karma than make a little bit extra money. So it's amazing what you see in the world. And if you become a person who is happy and successful and can take care of himself and adopt struggles, you're going to start finding those other people who do the same thing and then you're going to build a network and become fantastic. Hi, Andrew. Interesting. What are your thoughts on getting married young around 21? I'm 19 years old.  You guys changed my life. What do you think about getting married, young Andrew? These questions get me in so much trouble. Whoa, you get in trouble. You're gonna say something controversial. Marriage is a beautiful thing, but I can't professionally answer your question. How can I professionally answer your question? Because I don't think that the age is so important perhaps, but who are you marrying and who are you? I don't know. I don't know how successful you are. I don't know about your family. I don't know if the person you're marrying is a good person or not. If you get married at a younger age, you have to understand you're gonna grow both of you and you're gonna have to grow into each other and out from each other. Because you're gonna become very different people as time goes on. And unless you make sure that you compliment across the coming decades, then you're gonna fall apart and the marriage is gonna fall apart. If you're not intending on having kids pretty quickly, I don't see why you get married so young. I'm not sure. But it's hard for me to answer. I don't know. I'm sure there's some people who are married at 21. It could be a fantastic idea. There's some people who get married at 21 and  It's a terrible idea. It's difficult for me to say. There, a nice diplomatic answer. Can't put me in jail for that one. Can you matrix? Oh, yes, they can. What did I say wrong? I don't know, but they'll find a way. Have you ever human trafficked anyone? No. Exactly. I'm the world's thirstiest man. More positive organs. I tweeted this the other day. You must wait for the moment when the opponent's mind is scattered and striked without hesitation. If you do not overcome your tendency to give up so easily, your life will lead to nothing. Objectify your demons, you control them instead of them controlling you. Fear is a reaction. Courage is a decision. You have to train your mind to be stronger than your emotions, especially your impulses, or else you're going to lose yourself. You will only be found by the devil once you are lost, and he will lead you to hell. Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by men who kept fighting when there seemed to be no hope at all. That's true. Breathe that three times a day.  And I actually find it amazing that those people out there who aren't in perfect physical condition. Guys, let me tell you all of Newsflash. If you eat right and you train hard, you look good. Yeah. It's like a biological certainty. It's almost impossible to be fat and look bad if you eat right and train hard. Your body will react and give you exactly what you want. So why don't you all look like superheroes? Do you not understand how intimidating that is to something like the Matrix when they look at a group of people and they all look like superheroes and they can tell they're all disciplined, all hardworking, all dedicated, all physically strong? That changes the entire angle of attack for their side-op. They sit and go, it's going to be harder to side-op this group of men than it would be if we'd side-opped all these soyboys, bunch of pussy's who are afraid of everything. You mean 90% of everyone everywhere now? Your body should be a symbol of resistance in and of itself. The struggle is what's beautiful about it. That's the most important thing. That's what you have to understand. Yeah, because no matter how rich you are, no matter how smart you are, no matter how smart you are,  No matter what family you're born into, you could only get into shape the same way as everybody else. So you could be Mark Zuckerberg, who's now in shape and he's a billionaire, but you can't say, oh, he bought it. He didn't buy it. He's just in great shape because he earned it. Like everyone else, you could be flat broke or rich as fuck. If you're in good shape, you had to earn it. It's as simple as that. So yeah, it says a lot about who you are as a person. I heard this the other day and I tweeted it. And I think it's a good motive. I think it's a good motto perhaps for life, for everyone who's watching this. I heard it during a boxing match and I think it was between Evander Holyfield against, I can't remember his name, some guy who's not nearly as well known. And Holyfield was losing and then he starts swinging, hitting the guy and the commentator said, suddenly the champion returns with initiative and vengeance. That's a good slogan for life. You should wake up looking the mirror and say, suddenly the champion returns with a  initiative and vengeance. That's a good way to start your day every single day. Yeah, it is. Initiative and vengeance to fight the matrix and become the best possible version of yourself. A lot of people go through life with a very average attitude and they wait for their one big break. But you have to build your big break. And you're gonna do that with a thousand tiny victories. That's absolutely true. Who wrote that? What an intelligent smart man. It's absolutely true. Must be very handsome. Absolutely everybody should have quit drinking during COVID. Pre-COVID, the world was fun. The vibe was different. You'd act wild, you'd meet people, you'd make stories. Now, bottles, clubs, girls, it's all shit. Everything has changed. It's just Instagram, sugar babies who wanna get money at you so they don't have to work. Or you may as well stay home and play cards with your guys because the world's changed and the vibe isn't there anymore. We understand the government's trying to oppress us all. There's no more this happy go lucky fun. You don't need to...  to socialize in real life because you can just socialize online and you can talk to the people you know and you can just get work done instead. And the world's changed besides super cars fighting and making money absolutely everything is terrible and not funding. Well I agree. But partying has certainly stopped but if I'm sitting around playing poker with my friends I'd like to have some whiskeys. But another though the partying clubs bottles you're completely right about all that. COVID killed all that and it's all gay. Why? Why has COVID killed parties in fun? Well COVID's killed the economy and I think parties in fun peaked about seven years ago when I just started making money luckily enough to start enjoying parties in fun and it peaked seven or eight years ago. I'll tell you why because everyone was partaking and when everyone is partaking in an activity regardless of what it is. You could be the kings of that certain activity or you could be spectators in that certain activity. So let me give you an example. It's seven years ago. It's eight years ago. It's Friday night. Who's going out? Everybody. Oh everybody. Yes. Everybody.  over the age of 18 and under the age of 40 is going out. Fucking everybody. Everyone wants to be seen. Everyone wants to mayor. Everyone wants to have fun. Everyone wants to meet new women. Everyone wants to socialize. Everyone's out. And if you take control of the situation and you're the king of that situation, you buy a bunch of champagne and bubble on you or the king of the club, it was cool seven or eight years ago. Now the internet, as well as hyperinflation, has fucked everything. I'll tell you why. In England, a pint, a pint will sometimes cause the equivalent of an hour's work at your job. Who works eight hours then goes out for eight pints? You wiped away your work day. Who's partaking on Saturday nights? I'll tell you who. Girls who know guys with money. So now it's no normal people. No one's doing it for fun. Girls don't want to meet guys anymore. They know that with guys they already know. Yep. No one's going out for fun. No one's going out because it's the place to be. No one's going out because it's the thing to do. Girls are going out to get Instagram pictures and you as a.  with money, me, and the guy facilitating their cool Instagram stories. And that's it. It's become a toxic environment. And nobody really wants to do it anymore. There's no positive intention. There's no go-out, have fun, meet people. Now it's just groups of people who already know each other going out and staying on the table and already staying with the who they know. Yeah. And just some guy paying for all of it so the girl can say, look, I have a nice crab salad. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly what it is. So, yeah, I think nightclubs and that kind of social interaction has certainly died. And like I said, very few people can afford to do it. Very few people, if you work a normal job and you go out, let's say you make $250 a week and you go out and you get a table, the table minimum spend in most, but even London, even put in London, Paris, Bucharest, table minimum spend is what, $500, you have to find five friends.  to all spend $100, half year a week's wage to stand around two bottles of champagne, which go empty after half an hour. It's not even an affordable thing anymore. There used to be crowds at the bar to buy individual drinks, and everyone was mixing with each other. I don't know exactly how to phrase it, but the entire thing has died. Right, so now that we're gonna do something, something we've never done before in an emergency meeting, because this emergency meeting was quite abstract. It was quite just random ideas, random thoughts, and we didn't talk about anything too specifically, but I did that on purpose, because I wanna prove a point to all of you at home. And the point is this, you guys watch emergency meeting for motivation and for entertainment, that's fantastic, great. But what you do not do is at the end of every single emergency meeting, find a way how you can make money from the things which have been mentioned in the emergency meeting itself. My mindset and my network, what we permanently do inside the war room is discuss how we can make money. So when I ran was about to it.  pack Israel. We sat and thought, how can this pay us? We can't stop World War 3 if it's going to come. But how can we at least make it make us some money? And we decided to go all in on gold futures. Now, gold futures only went up 3%. And I made a video about how ridiculous it is that World War 3 itself, let me find the tweet to prove it all to you, World War 3 itself cannot outperform meme coins. Because the world's so ridiculous now that these stupid meme coins are going to make you more money than predicting World War 3. In fact, I want to play that video. I have to download it, Mr. Producer. But I made a video and I put it on Twitter explaining that one of the most used assets in the world, oil and the entire region of the world it's produced in might start blowing up with the most advanced technical weaponry which exists on the face of the planet. It's going to be hard to ship it and move it. So gold price should spike. We bought a bunch of gold futures $67 million. One of 3% when the Iran retaliated to Israel. It was free.  money. It wasn't a lot of money. Mean coins outperforming because the entire financial system's broken. But the point is whenever you see anything anywhere, you should be able to go to your friends, go to your network and say, how can this pay us? That is how you win. There's no news event, whether it's the Ukraine Russia war, whether it's wars are fantastic for money. Everybody knows that these elites, these elites, that's what they do. These elites who are subjugating you make a bunch of money off the board. The blood of the poor people who go and die. But they don't, you don't try and make money off the wars. Your tax is paying for the war. You should at least try and make some money. It's your ass who's going to get drafted. So you should at least try and make some money from every single piece of information or news you get. The entire world is too tear-pleasing bullshit. There's no fairness, there's no justice, there's no law, it's all made up. It's too tear-pleasing. I'll give you very simple examples. Imagine me and Tristan, us two as dudes, accused a woman of kidnapping us because we were in her-  house for three days. A party and you can see us on CCTV walking in and out. Would there be a police investigation? Fuck no. So it's two tier. They decide based on who you are, whether they're going to enforce the law method X or method Y. Now this whole protests against Israel happening in America. The reason why it's so obviously two tier it is simple. Oh, fucking sleepy sleepy boy. What the fuck? I slept about five hours and I wake up. And they say emerges he meets. It's emergency meeting. It's emergency. To get the fuck up. I am fucking up. The whole world's two tier policing bullshit. Now what they've done is very simple. They've weaponized and I've tweaked this. Meet my Twitter app. They've weaponized the emotional and energetic.  which are usually students because they don't have a job. They don't have to work. They live a home with their parents. They're idealistic. They're idealistic. They believe they're the future of the world. They're emotional and they're energetic because they're young. And they've used them to fight for the falsely oppressed in Western society. The black people who are oppressed when they're not. The migrants who are oppressed when they're not. The women who are oppressed when they're not. The gays who are oppressed when they're not. So these people have been weaponized to fight for the weak side always. And the people who the government came along and said, we want you to believe that women gays migrants are weak so we want you to stick up for them. Now that's all fake. The problem is they've lost control of their tiger because now these people fight for the weak no matter what and the gossens are genuinely oppressed. So now they're fighting genuine oppression which the government doesn't want them to do. So when they fight for the false suppression of the minorities and the ethnic groups and the sexual orientations that the government wants them to fight for.  to divide society, then police will kneel down in front of them and chant with them black lives matter. When they start to fight for genuine oppression, which the government doesn't want them to fight for, then the police running with batons and crack skulls. So there's those things fair policing. It's all too tear policing. And if you ever see police being nice to a protest, a demonstration, etc. know that the government has sanctioned said protest. When you see these climate protesters blocking the road and the police refuse to move them, that's because the government wants them to do what they're doing so that they can come along and say, ah, look, everyone's scared about climate change. Let's pass a new law for climate change, which also includes raising your taxes because of these protests about climate change. They want it to happen. When a protest happens, they don't want to happen. You see instant brutal crackdowns. And we all the farmers, the other Palestine, COVID, but BLM's allowed because they want that. So what they've  weaponize to youth to fight for the oppressed in their minds. And then they've tried to direct them on the falsie oppressed to divide society. But now they found genuine oppression and have a genuine reaction to it. The governments unhappy with so they have to expose themselves as two tier policing hypocrites, which they have no problem doing. They have no problem coming out and saying, yeah, we're absolute hypocrites. The whole thing in regards to fairness and first amendment and the right to assembly and the right to free speech. All of that is bullshit. If you're going to go against something that we don't want you to go against. You want to know the proof of this, the absolute conclusive proof. This is the case. The BLM riots were happening during COVID, during COVID, you were allowed to leave your house. They were tackling people on the streets trying to force masks on their face. And at the same time, BLM were allowed to burn down buildings and gather in mass numbers. It happened at the same time, one on top of the other. It's too dangerous to go outside. You can't see your loved ones on your grandma.  these protest and riots are fine. Same month. So I want you to understand something. Every time you see any kind of protest, any kind of demonstration, you can just look at the police response and understand exactly the agenda that's going on behind the scenes. Because everything is a style. Everything is fake. Everything is gay. Everything is a lie. And this is why we're seeing a resurgence in religion, I believe, because there's nothing else to believe in. You can't believe in the news. You can't believe in the courts. You can't believe the doctors. You can't believe the banks and the money. You can't believe the police. You can't believe anything. All you have left is God. If you ain't God God, what else have you got at this point? Because everything else is a fucking scam. Tell you why I don't have my laptop to read the superchets. Right, Tristan? So not only did you turn up late. Right Tristan's gay back on the board. All right. I think we don't think we have a choice at this point. I deserve it. You caught me red handed. However long take some get his laptop, I'm gonna keep writing really. We're gonna run out of whiteboard. That's how gay he is. Oh, hey.  Absolutely everything is faking gay and I don't know why anybody at this point is now surprised when they point out the hypocrisy of the two-tier policing of the of the matrix of course is two-tier policing of Fucking course it is if you were in charge of the police would you have it one tier? Do you think they give a shit about being seen as fair or just anymore? No? They used to use this side off of fairness and justice now. I've told you in the recent emergency meeting That's all gone now. It's brute force. They don't give a shit anymore if you know their hypocrites They don't care give me another example woke up this morning. I'm scrolling Twitter Roger Verr You didn't hear about this you have you yeah, I have I read it when I first spoke up They just fucking do ten years ago. He gave up his American passport now their matrix attacking him He got arrested in Spain going to extra light and he's in some Spanish jail sitting in an EU fucking dump in there For what because they said ten years ago he missed some money. They say he owes them back when Bitcoin was such a speculative asset Well couldn't have even sold  the Bitcoin you had to know what to bought it? What is it? It's a fucking matrix. Yeah, how are you gonna pay tax when you can't even turn it into cash? The worst thing about it is is they're accusing him of making the IRS lose $58 million, facilitating a loss to the IRS. If he mined Bitcoin years ago when it was pennies, the IRS are now looking over, oh, but maybe that was valuable. Maybe he did it, oh, us, maybe in hindsight. It's all in hindsight. He did absolutely nothing wrong. And years later, years later, this asset, which is blown up, the IRS have lost zero money because they couldn't have taxed him at the time. They've lost zero. They're now arresting him why? Because they don't like Bitcoin and he was one of the people who spread the word around. And now they're mad. They're mad that someone told the entire world about cryptocurrency went around spreading the news and now they can't control this asset. So let's get the guy who told them, it's shooting the messenger once again. He didn't even fucking, he didn't create Bitcoin. He didn't make Bitcoin. As if America hasn't got real problems and now 10 years later, there's fucking with some guy who just wants to live his life.  How is his benefiting society? Isn't the goal of a justice department to protect society? Isn't that the point of it? Who's gonna be safer on the street if Roger Verr goes to jail ten years after giving up his American passport because he mind Bitcoin? Nobody but the fentanyl epidemic the fucking open border the migrant crisis the foreign wars that cost billions all these people dying And they'll give a fuck no, let's fuck with this guy this benefit Society zero this benefits people zero. There is no benefit to this you just ruin some man's life for fucking nothing Once again two-tier absolute garbage bullshit if you care so much about taxes investigate fucking Congress Investigate these people are fucking laundering all the money and insider trading and insider trading on the stock market You give a shit so much about revenue investigate the people who are sending billions of our dollars away to fucking fun foreign wars You don't give a shit about money. You don't give a shit about this dude's taxes. You just out to punish anyone who speaks  against your fucking agenda and it's obvious as fuck. Obvious. They don't care. You can run around with a gun and brawl daylight in the middle of these Democrat run cities. They don't give a shit. No, but some guy was a step foot in America in 11 years. He might owe us $3 extra edition international arrest warrant. But what the, is this clown world bullshit? The scariest thing is this. When you cage a tiger, sorry, when you corner a tiger, it lashes out fiercely. The American Empire is collapsing. They know it. The world knows it. Everyone knows it. And they're about to get a whole bunch worse before they collapse. Every empire's done the same thing on the way out. Start but you wars. Be for everyone. It's like a bully. You bullied everyone your whole life and now people are standing up to you. And before you finally fall and finally get your ass whooped, you're gonna start swinging hands and trying to teach everyone why you've been the bully. School's shooting. You're gonna do something nuts. Some crazy. Because you're an emotionally weak loser. Bro, it's absolutely nuts that are fucking within. No need at all. Matrix attack. Yeah, Walter Bird.  Roger Verde did nothing wrong, release Roger Verde. I woke up this morning and I said to train. And I actually wanted to train. And I thought, as I sat down to train, it clicked my mind and I thought, nothing is hard when you want to do it. Isn't that beautifully simple? Nothing is hard when you want to. Climbing Everest isn't even hard if you want to climb it. Training every day is not hard if you want to, making loads of money and being a millionaire is not hard if you want to make loads of money and be a millionaire. I promise, it's really easy. If you actually want to, it's easy. Your problem is that you don't want to and because you don't want to, you start talking about bullshit like motivation. Unimovation, please motivate me, please Andrew. Please make me want to make money. How about you just fuck off and stay poor? If you need motivating to have muscles and money and you don't want them yourself, then just piss off, stay weak and stay poor. That's fine by me.  If you want it, it's easy. Absolutely, everything is easy if you want it. Speaking of that, I'm gonna Mr. Producer, a picture of my new Jessica, because... You know when you make those faces, you know what I find funny about the people who hate you? When you make those faces, I'll do it now. When you go, they at screenshot you and share the photos around over. Here's the thing, you make fun of them by making stupid faces. They screenshot you. They show their own face. They see, yeah, they screenshot you doing impressions of them. And be like, this is what Andrew looks like. I'm like, no, that's a picture of what Andrew thinks you look like. Nice. Nice. So, nothing is difficult. You actually want to do it. If you're finding something difficult, you don't want to do it. Then you have to analyze yourself. Go deep in your heart, look in a mirror and go, why don't I want these things? This is genuinely a thought experiment for you guys. First thing in the morning, it's very early here. You wake up, you don't want to train. Cool, you don't feel like training. It's easy to train if you want to, but you miss training, because you don't really want to do it. Why don't you want...  to be strong. Then you need to go and look in there and ask yourself this question. Hello, let's say let's give you a really boring lame name. Tim, Bailey. Bailey, yeah, Bailey. Talk to yourself. Hi, Bailey. Why don't you want to be formidable physically? Why don't you want to be formidable force? Why do you just want to be a nerd? And then you have to answer that question because you're making that decision. You need to understand yourself. Why are you so happy being weak and broken, stupid and poor and dumb and lame and gay? You're happy with those things. This is very easy to not put your willy and bumholes unless you really want to do it. Unless you forget your laptop for the emergency being. Exactly. So I've now come to the conclusion of everything's easy if you want to do it and anybody who doesn't have everything they want just doesn't want it very much, which means there's something wrong with them. If I meet a person who's not rich, I'm going to say, do you want to be rich? I'll go, yeah, I'll go clearly. You don't. So why don't you want to be rich? What's wrong with you? There must be something actually wrong with you as a person.  Hey, Tristan, look what I bought. Yeah, I know. Cool, now. It's pretty cool. How much did that cost us? Five. Five million? You mean enough money to live comfortably through your life forever? We just pull a car. Yeah. Smokes are great since I do it and drive around fast. 100%. 100%. So a lot of people don't want success. This would be an actually very interesting. I'd like to speak to a psychiatrist if psychiatrist's real, which they aren't. Yeah, I don't know. It's a shame. But why don't some people want success? They say they want something. They say they want to be strong and rich, but they don't actually want it because if they wanted it, they'd try and they refuse to try. So why do they say they want it when they don't, is that societal pressure? And why don't they truly want it? Do they not believe they deserve it? Are they happy enough without it? What is it? What's missing inside of some people? Were they just say, yeah, that's an motivation to go, Jim. You know, I actually think they've been tricked. They've tricked themselves. I was talking about this yesterday on my cigar night.  People said, do you believe that the evil people in charge of the world who want evil things? Sorry, the evil people who are not in charge of the world, the evil normies who want evil things? Do you believe they actually believe it? And I said, yes, I believe that they've been programmed to believe it. I genuinely believe that they think that they are right. And I believe when I post a new Ferrari, and people will be like, oh, if I had $1 million on my Ferrari, don't want a Ferrari. I'd rather have a cabin in the woods in this and that. Yeah, but you want a million dollars because you're cabin in your woods and you're land in your dream life is still a million dollars. You still want it. You'd still take it if I gave it to you. You may sell it and buy something else, but the hard cope of, I don't want those things. I don't want money. Is stupid, I believe that it's fake. Maybe they believe it, but they've been programmed. Next, your mate lost his job. And I make lost his job. Yeah, your mate. Oh, my mate. Your mate, how? Oh yeah, my best friend. Oh, I'm so sad because, you know, if I was Scottish,  I'd really want a man who isn't of Scottish ancestry complaining that there are too many white people in Scotland to be the boss of Scotland. I really would love that if I was Scottish. As a Romanian, what I want, what I demand for the future of Romania is a man of African origin who complains that Romanian's hold too many positions of power here. I think that would be awesome for the country. So yeah, I'm extremely upset. So the first Minister of Scotland who had a personal beef with us, or me, he lost his job. And the result is a hate preacher. At least he's got a job, Homsa. For me, enough, a fat retard. We'll be fine to picture this fat retard. He has a fat retard, is he? What's his name? Hamza Yusif, most Scottish name I've ever heard. Homsa. Homsa Yusif, the leader of Scotland. What the fuck is going on? Bro, even though I'm a Muslim.  and people think, oh, your Islamic river. That doesn't mean I want the decimation of all native cultures. Yeah, native cultures are great. I believe that Scotland should remain Scottish. I don't believe that Humsai Yusaf sounds very Scottish, to be honest with you. And the president of Pakistan should not be called Simon Rivers. Like, he just said, the president of Pakistan should be named Humsai something. So this clown, and Saladas, I'm gonna get the video. And then I just typed in quickly now, Humsai Yusaf in competent. And loads of things are coming up, because it turns out not only was he a racist idiot. He was bad at his job. He was a, if you, if you dislike Scottish people, and think it's annoying that white Scottish people have positions of power in their own country and you're their boss, it turns out that reflects poorly on the performance of your job. You clearly don't have the country's best interests at heart. Let's find all the way to the idiot fucked up. Okay. All right, we can talk about this guy. He's my mate. Yeah. He's your friend.  Yeah, and the retainer hate preach. I'm gonna take and the day fuck off talking on the internet still a job though. Who's a what's your job? Oh wait? You don't have one. I guarantee if I walk through Scotland, I will get more support and more fans and more love than you will. I I dare you to walk through Edinburgh Glasgow without security. You go I'll go and you go unless see who gets the fuck kicked out because nobody likes you, sir. Nobody likes you. Nobody agrees with what you fucking say. And you stand up as a weak piece of shit and we're gonna talk about in a second why people like him are so weak and how that destroys the world. And you think you say things that people like because you're weak in mind and spirit so you're an idiot. So you stand there and go, yeah, I'm the new tit. Yeah, hey, I came to that. Hey preacher. Hey preacher. But nobody agrees you ever think you're a fucking dumbass. Hello, wake up. Nobody thinks I'm a hate preacher and you saying that does not make you you get fans. Nobody agrees with you. Perhaps some old woman in the office who doesn't watch any.  but the MSM may agree with you and give you a hand job. But in the real world, everyone knows you're a dumbass. Yeah, shout out to all the young men of Scotland, because if I wasn't in Edinburgh, if I was in Glasgow, you'd be called up to me, drink, and shake your hand. And I like Scottish people. Scottish people like a drink, Scottish people are fun, Scottish people got a good crack, you know? The crack, isn't that English? I don't know, maybe. Anyway, Scottish people are good people. When this dickhead was transport minister, he was driving without insurance. Wait, well, one second, one second. But everyone voted him in, so he must be popular, because you have to be voted in to be the leader. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. Oh, no one voted for him. So he became the leader of Scotland and resigned, and now is jobless and received precisely zero votes from Scottish people. That's interesting. Democracy. Democracy, that's right. So when he was transport minister, he drove without insurance. This is the beacon of being a good person. Bro, I'm such a hate preacher. How come I have car insurance? Yeah, dumbass. Yeah. Fucking drive my own no car insurance. He's an arrogant idiot.  Then he rejects to quit. Bro, how can you even have a choice at that point? What kind of government will allow the transport minister to not have car insurance and then not make him quit? Unbelievable. Then he, of course, because he's weak, cried his eyes out about COVID. Oh my gosh, Mr. fucking baby. Don't get 15 jobs. Uh, gay, gay, gay, super gay. You can tell him to super gay. Then while also crying about COVID, because of course he's a hypocritical moron. Of course. He then tells everyone not to call ambulances if they get sick. Well, because he's a think twice before ringing them. Be scared of COVID, get loads of jobs. But if you start getting a heart attack from the job, don't call to ambulance. Think twice because their ambulances are busy. All the ambulance, all the ambulance drivers, wait.  Yeah, the NHS was too white for his liking. The faces of all the people who took the poisonous jab, white. Where else is he fucked up? Here, then he told everyone they can't have an opinion anymore. And he thought that would be popular, I guess. Yeah, yeah, crack down on free speech. Yeah, because the Scottish people don't say what's on their mind. I mean, it's all like, it's just like the Scottish people stand up to adjust as historically. It's not like our most famous quote from history is free. Yeah, it's not like they're not going to stand up there. They're known for being freedom fighters, standing up against oppression. And he's going to stand up there. I know, free speech. White, white, white. So, white. The only people that the Roman Empire couldn't conquer and gave up on. The only people. Whom's the use of? It's going to shut them up. Fucking idiot. So he tried that shit, which of course made everyone hate him more.  What else did he do? Ferry police station he fucked up the fairies somehow Then he went to Ukraine and asked do Ukrainian women where are all the men? Oh, wow Wow, which is a Pretty insensitive and also shows you's a fucking dummy. So if I gave a A billion dollars. So I'm in I'm in Romania now. I mean if I gave billions of dollars if he was against the war Then this is then this is a fine comment to me. Yes, agreed if he was a globalist piece of shit Who was for the war because he's a weakling and it looks like he just does whatever he's told like all weak men do Then he's not allowed to say this. So let's say Whom's a yousaf you crane? Let's see what he thinks of the war. Whom's a yousaf? You crane war. I can guess You got the support that you crane. We stand with Ukrainians. We stand with the war sir  Let's give a bunch of money so all their men have shiny new guns when they go and get fucking butcher to get to the Russians Then let me fly over there and ask the women where the men are. They're fucking dead. They're fucking idiot They're not fighting only for their freedom. They're not only for their sovereignty They're fighting for all our freedoms Oh, so you want to support the war not go to war yourself send money over there for the Ukrainians to die against the invincible Russian war machine and then you want to go to Ukraine and say to the women where's the guys? I guess he's trying to fucking flirt. Yeah Boobs and vagina It's a bums and vagina 100% 100% total dickhead total dickhead right we're gone to jail No, no, we're not actually because we're not actually insulting people of power in power because he has a His unemployed He's just some random Scottish guy now Right right if you type in Hums, uh, you sip is a jobless retard  My Twitter comes up first on Google nice nice nice if I tweeted that which he obviously is a job well jobless retires Here's him crying his eyes out about us This comes one week after I did my impression of him It's how crazy it would be if a leader in Gambia was born of white parents and he had a Gambian accent And he was in parliament saying hey everybody in this country is black The judges are black the police are black. We need less black people in the Gambia And I did a big up comedy skit I guess and I thought it was fucking hilarious because it was very pertinent And this is only allowed to be done in white countries because white people have laid on their backs and let people Overtake their countries and that's coming from a half black man So one week later he comes out with this shit look I think with the advent of social media. I'm afraid we have seen more and more toxic behaviors From from from and we can see what I call frankly hate preachers people like Andrew T  that frankly, day, day, your day. That's what masculinity is. Good, good. It is quite the opposite. It's a bit embarrassing. Behaviour is real. Everybody benefits. Main and boys benefit. We as society benefit. Our women and girls definitely... I've got an impression I'm uploading. We're often at the receiving end of, of course, violence, sexual violence in particular, from men. So I think we have to surface the conversation. I'm going to create a brief speech. Shut up, broky. You ain't got a job. The internet's very dangerous. Got hate preachers like Andrew Tate. Don't know about masculinity. The real masculinity is sending other people to war to go and die. Then asking their women where are all the men are. Real masculinity is crying my eyes out about the country of the native population which I've been put in charge of. Real masculinity is driving without insurance with you the transport minister. To be fair, that's pretty. That's pretty bad. Thanks to think he's ever done that. Pretty bad ass.  That's pretty jay. Real Masculinity is losing your fucking job because nobody likes you. Hahaha. LOSER! LOSER! Haha, that's a dip shit. So let me explain to you all something which I need to name, but it's a paradox of life. Weak people gravitate towards the strong. It's like gravity, right? So the reason the world is currently in such a mess is because weak people are in charge. We've feminized society. We have a matriarchal society now. Women have huge positions of power and most of the men who are in power are basically women because they're gay and weird. It's very easy to look at most Western leaders, the men, and look at them and find a chick who could beat the shit out of them. It's not hard. Oh, didn't you see a manual Macron on the punch bag? So this is my exact point. So the fact that everything is so fucked is down to the weakness of our-  because what weak people do is they are afraid to resist against oppression. So they gravitate towards opposing an oppressive force. We give an example. Let's say an enemy tribe turned up to conquer said tribe. Tribe Y turned up to conquer tribe X. The strong people in tribe X would stand up to fight against tribe Y even if they knew it was a losing war. The weak people would adhere to the creeds of the invading tribe so they don't get personally destroyed because weak people are afraid and cowards always think for themselves. So they'll sit and say, let's not fight against this tribe. With their fine, they're just like us. Let's just join them. Let's just let them in. Let's just be like them because they're afraid of actually standing up and doing something because they're cowards. So when you find a strong leader, he's a nationalist. Because when you become a nationalist, you have to fight the IMF. You have to fight the global banking cartels. You have to fight the matrix as a whole. You have to deal with international sanctions. You have to worry about constant.  and endless attempts to overthrow your government from the CIA. You have to worry about all these things, assassination. You might end up like Gaddafi dead in the street. It takes a lot of balls to stand up and do the right thing in the face of the enemy. It only strength will calm that strength. But because all of these people are weak, the second they get any semblance of power, like our mate who just lost his job, they instantly fucking cuck and shit themselves. And oh, the banks want me to impose COVID, okay. Oh, the banks want me to, hey, Andriottay, okay. Oh, the matrix wants me to say that, misogynist terrible and gays are great. Okay, oh, and they start shitting their pants, like babies, because they're afraid. Where's a weird imaginary leader, like, let's make one up. Uh, Ictervorban. Nice. He wouldn't give a shit. Because he's a man. Yeah, I just made him up. Because as a man, you have to be strong enough to resist depression. Now females can't fight physically. So they're biologically designed evolution.  in their minds to be more susceptible to adhering to the creeds of a society because they can't resist the creeds of said society So if a society says that something is okay. I don't know LGBT whatever It's unlikely unless they have a strong man besides them that they're gonna stand up and say no This is wrong because they know they can't fight by themselves So they're just gonna agree with things along with weak men So when you see all these leaders in the world today the reason they're such absolute cucks to the matrix The reason they're so afraid of the all I am at the bank cartels and all these people who are in charge is because they shit their pants At the idea of actually getting in any kind of trouble and they would rather have The I am at the banks the matrix to MSM everyone on their side and the people they work for hate them Then the other way round because if you have the people who you work for because that is your job as a representative Actually liking you then you're going up against very powerful entities the deep state like Donald Trump does So that's the reason the world is so fucked because these men  are not necessarily evil. They are just weak. They're truly weak. And the problem is, even if you're not evenly spirited, even if you're not an evil person, if you're a weak person, you do the bidding of evil, because only strength will resist evil in the first place. So you can be a good-hearted person, but if you're weak, if you're a pussy, you'll still end up working for the evil team in the end, because you're not ready to stand on business and die for the good. You're not ready to stand up and say, I know this is bullshit. I'm here to protect the Scottish people. This is bullshit and call them out. He's scared. So weak men always do the bidding of evil. Remember this. They try and say toxic masculinity is the problem. They try and say masculinity and being strong and having an opinion is the problem. No, masculinity is how you fight against their evil agendas, which is why they attack it so fervently. It's why they hate it. It's why they fear it, because masculine men say no. They want all men to be weak pussies. So we...  all adhere to their evil agendas. So please understand, the top-sickly masculine men are not the ones who are going to simply bend over and take the globalist dildo and sell out their populations. You mean people like William Wallace, Robert the Bruce, you know, actual Scottish people? Correct. Who are all white? So beware of weak men. Beware of weak men in positions of power, and also beware of weak men in your circle. If I have weak men near me, in fact, let me adjust that. I won't allow weak men into my inner circle. If you're physically weak, you're likely mentally weak, and if you're mentally weak, you'll be the first one to crack in a police interview. You'll be the first one to portray me for pussy. You'll be the first one to portray me for money. You'll be the first one to shit his pants on the police turn up and do whatever else. You're a pussy, and cowardice is toxic. It spreads like wrong. It's infectious. You should beware of weak people. You shouldn't talk to them. You shouldn't have them near you.  promise you they have nothing to give you. Even if a weak person promises his devout undying love for you, it means nothing because he can love you with all his heart. But when it comes down to fight for you, he can't fight. So his love means nothing. His loyalty means nothing because he's a coward and when he's scared, he'll change teams. Every word out of his mouth is empty. He is vapious. Without strength, men mean nothing at all without the ability to stand up and resist. Which is why all the weak world leaders sell out their people and destroy everything like this hamza dickhead. And that's why you should not have weak people anywhere near you ever. And another thing weak people do, which makes them so dangerous, is they try to show the world they're not weak. So they try very hard to oppress. That's what weak people do. Weak people are a little pussy, gets into power like this dickhead and he wants to show he's not a little pussy. No more talking. No more talking. Let's make laws against speech and talking. So yeah, he blashes out with...  It's like small man syndrome times a million weak man syndrome these weak people lose their fucking minds And then up genocidal Psychopaths try to prove they're not what they obviously are without disrespect I know we've made fun of the guy you can stand him up and just know his body fat percent and just too high He can't bench press his own body weight the dudes are pussy and it's easy to see he's written all over his fucking stupid face The guys are fucking idiot So he's gonna sit there and cries eyes out and trying to press everybody else to prove he's a tough guy because his balls are small A real man would stand up and say I'm not I'm gonna let people say whatever they want That's what a real man would say let's hear different opinions. Let's have let people talk Let's have open discourse. I'm not afraid of a conversation only a pussy Oh would come along and say everyone has to be quiet because I don't like the meany word Yeah, he's terrified of JK rolling fucking it all people on this earth. He's terrified He may law specifically because she said things that he thought were mean dumbass So beware weak people and this is very true  Because if you're a 25 year old man from the age of 15 you've had a decade to put on a little bit of muscle There's no reason for you to be skinny fat There's no reason for you to have twig arms. You've had a 10 solid years and I guarantee in those 10 years You've spent plenty of time watching porn jerking off video games video games TV Netflix messaging bitches on Instagram Who would know you you've done a bunch of dumb shit? You should have been in the gym getting strong if I meet a 25 year old and I can tell he's physically weak I know I don't want him anywhere near me. I may say hi, but he'll never be in my inner circle My inner circles killers So I know when they arrest us all for some bullshit matrix attack and set us all down and police interviews all of us say Semiter jail. I'm not scared. I'm not turn on my voice Be very wary of weak people You could avoid them like to play and the biggest problem we have in the west today is that all of our leaders are weak And this is done by design and when they get into power they try and promote weakness guys Please understand listen to everything the matrix is telling you they are trying  to make you weaker. Think about everything they say. The mindset they want you to have is weak. The way they tell you to think and act, the way they tell you to walk, the friends they tell you to have, the education system they put you through. All of it is promoting endless weakness. Never did they sit there and say, get physically strong, stand up and talk what you believe in. Ever. They want you weak because weak men will do the bidding of evil. So you're saying the problem with the Western world is that all of the leaders are weak. Leader of the United Kingdom, weak. Leader of Scotland, weak. The current leader of the United States, weak. Leader of France, weak. Sounds like another speech I've heard, but this one actually makes sense. Correct. Strike is important. I would argue. Genuinely, if to be a world leader, you had to be one a native of that country and two being able to bench press your own body weight at least for 10 reps, I guarantee most of the world's problems would be fixed. Oh, 100%. If you had a native person who could 10 wrap their own body weight, most of the world.  Problems would be fixed a simple bench press. I weigh 93 kilo. I'll bust out 93 kilo 10 reps right now In fact after this emergency meeting I'm gonna put a video of me doing exactly that on Twitter Yeah, I'll just approve a point and I'll do a hundred and seven kilos easy Not 10 reps minor fucking one arm But these cowards who are running our countries are fucking so deathly afraid of the power structures that they just bend over and take the Dildo we said this about the leader of Ireland We said that Conner McGregor needs to become the president of Ireland. Does he know politics? Is he a skilled politician? No, he likes the people the wire loves the Irish people He's bored and bred Irish his great great great grandfather was part of the Irish struggle He's Irish to the core and he is strong so I would vote for him as an Irishman make no mistake I have an Irish pass more Connor if you're listening I will help you on your campaign. I will promote you. I will vote for you myself So we have other important issues to talk about we're gonna keep clouding homes are used The guards a ticket but he but he is  He is the archetype. He shows exactly what look at his stupid face. You can just tell it is just go fetchin. Yeah. Guys are fucking coward. We need to get rid of this plague of cowardice. Guys, you may look at what happens to us and you may look what happens to Roger Verr and you may look at all the people who resist and slagment. And you may be afraid and say, if I talk too bad against the matrix, they're going to come and get me and put me in jail. Guys, they're going to put you in jail anyway. Yeah. Roger Verr has shut up for the last 10 years and they're putting him in jail. You can either you can either stand on business and die like a man or you can hide like a coward and die like a bitch, but they're coming for all of you. Guys, they're going to come unless you take all the injections and let your son chop his balls off. You're going to fucking jail at some point in your life. Welcome to the real world. So stand up and fight. Don't be a pussy. You can't reason with these savages because they are literally evil people. So at least stand on business and say, no, I refuse to comply with that absolute garbage. There's nothing wrong.  with that. It's amazing as well how I'm not telling you to be a terrorist I'm telling you to be a bad person I'm telling you to love those you care about and love yourself and be a good person in fact that's exactly what I'm telling you to do. There's a good quote a good military quote by I think his name was Meng Tuan he was the Chinese general in charge of building the Great Wall of China and before he built the Great Wall of China his first job was to try to stop Japanese pirates from raiding the Chinese coast this is how he made his name so he was there on the coast defending with this local force and he was out numbered and his men were running away and he's not at the front lines himself he was at the back and his generals and stuff were running away he stopped those men from running away said hey what are you doing and they said the Chinese the Japanese the pirates there's there's too many there's too much we're losing he says who's in charge here and he found the captain of the military regiment and stabbed him through the heart with his sword and said to the rest of his men you're gonna go and die like men otherwise you can die like dogs and they went and beat the Japanese and that's a those those are your choices those are your  choices. Oh, little bit of jail. Give a fuck. I'm scared of jail. You're gonna die anyway. So, and there's nothing without purpose, you know, like, since I've been trapped here in Romania for two years, people often say, don't you miss traveling? And I see these people traveling. And I'm like, no, because I see people running around the world trying to find purpose. They'll go to Dubai and they'll go party and try and fuck a girl. Then they'll go Ibiza for the summer to try and fuck a girl. And then they'll go to Bali, take a picture in a villa and they'll just try this. None of these people have any purpose in their hearts. That's why they're so miserable because they're just running around trying to spend money. That's fine. I love spending money too. But I'm doing something that's important for the world. And purpose will give you a piece far more calming than simply searching for external validation endlessly via spending or stinky pus or looking at a new church. Oh, I want to go to Barcelona, traveling. Wow, the church. I don't care about that shit. I don't give a fuck about going to Barcelona. I don't give a fuck about going to some restaurant that's on Instagram. I don't give a fuck about...  Sleeping with some random girl cuz she's hot. I don't give a shit about traveling around looking at sights. I don't care about the cherry blossoms in Japan. I don't give a fuck. I have a purpose in my heart. I wake up every day with something to do. It is a very difficult objective to complete. I know I'm one of the few men on the planet who can get it done. I got my brother by my side and we're here to fight the matrix. I don't give a fuck if you put me in jail. That makes me feel happy knowing I'm doing the right thing. If I was aasinine, if I was less of a man, if I was a coward, if I was weak, or if I was a dumbass, I'd be more interested in running around with my money and sightseeing like a fucking loser. No. You know what? Because we're ending talking about Scotland and on the point that you're talking about, there's a very famous quote for the movie Braveheart, which I think I'm good at nails because I've seen the movie about a hundred times. But it's completely fucking true. When you said you're all gonna be dead eventually, you're all gonna die eventually. Why be a coward? There's a famous, famous scene at the beginning of the battle of sterling, I believe. When the man says I'm not gonna fight, not against that.  I'm going to run and I'm going to live. And William Wallace, a good scarier leader, says in the movie, he goes, sure, fight and you may die. Run and you'll live at least a while. But dying in your beds all these years from now, would you be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance, just one chance to come back here and tell our enemy that they may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom. Fucking gangster. But he was white, so we won't make that mistake. Right, our next emergency meeting, guys, is going to be about Peshito, the seven principles, because it turns out that things were teaching to you and we're trying to instill in the world. It actually existed for a very long time. Universal truths exist and different people from different cultures have found ways to harness universal truth and the tape message is not actually new.  It's just the understanding of two relatively intelligent men who've looked at the universal truths and packaged them for you, but this has been done before. Of course it has. It doesn't matter if you were in the Aztec dynasty or you were in Mao's China, it doesn't matter where you were in what period of history, Gravee was real. There are universal truths and Boshido, which talks about righteousness, loyalty, honor, respect, honesty, courage and consistency. I've been reading about it even though it's thousands of years old, it's so brutally applicable to the world today and to the kind of mindset you need to have in the world today that we're going to do an emergency meeting specifically on it. Because as Tristan said, there's not new ideas. We only talk about the truth of the world and the truth of masculinity, which is existed for the dawn of human time. We wouldn't exist and the matrix wouldn't have to deal with us if they didn't turn the entire world faking gay. They did this by trying to come along pretending that any semblance of masculinity is evil. They did this by lying to you. They did this by doing nothing but purport endless bullsh-  so they can keep you controlled and make you a slave. They did this. That's why we've stood up and just speak the truth. We say the sky is blue, we say the sun is hot. It's not very difficult or revolutionary. We just have the balls to say it. So I wanna talk about the Bichito Principles so you guys understand that the things we're saying have existed since the dawn of human time and the best men in human history. The best men in human history across all cultures have always acted and believed the same things. There were never good men who were weak. There were never good men like Hamza, fucking Yusuf. There were never good men like him. Men like him existed in history as an example of who not to be. They were always to evil dickheads, all of them, head to toe and they're not even self-reflective enough to look in the mirror and understand they're the bad guy because they are brutally arrogant in their weakness. Good men have always acted the same way. Good men were often persecuted. Good men were often seen as the bad guy. Good men had to make difficult and tough decisions. Fight, but good men in jail. Yeah, good men had to fight against the establishment.  Malcolm X went to jail. Martin Luther King, Muhammad Ali, Os, if you do the right thing, you end up in a jail cell. That's how it works. If you do the wrong thing, you can sit around robbing people and bombing innocent children and you can avoid jail. But you have to live with yourself, you have to live with your soul and you have to remete the creator on judgment day. So you do not escape final judgment. People who think they can do evil in this world and escape final judgment are going to be very sorely disappointed when the hellfire burns at them forever. It's impossible to tell what's real and what's fake anymore. And the implications of that. And I think most people can work out the implications, but we're seeing them play out right now in real time. And it's very interesting. And I don't want to be insensitive. And I hope that she does well and that she recovers if she has cancer or whatever else to sigh off is. But we're going to talk about this Kate video where she sat down on a bench and said that the reason she's been missing for months is that she had an operation and the operation was successful. But that after the  Horatio they discovered shade cancer because of all the vaccine. No, sorry Shed cancer because 42 year old healthy women just get cancer and now She needs privacy, but everyone's saying that videos AI and people are saying that because they've released a bunch of other photo shopped Garbage before this and tried to lie to us all so now people are trying to work out what's real and what's fake and we're gonna conclusively Come to the answer on this show. We're gonna come up with a conclusive Final answer and decide once and for all whether it's a AI video or is legitimate. Yeah, so I'll say It was only a few months ago when AI videos started happening people were making them of me Elon other people I sold them online and just a few short months ago I said oh it's gonna be a matter of time maybe in a couple years. You're not gonna know what's fake and what isn't it turns out the timeline has Accelerated and it's already at the point where you don't know what videos are real and what videos are fake Obviously if K as cancer  Which I have no reason to think she doesn't I wish her a speedy recovery You know, I do like the royal family all except Harry and his retarded wife Tristan what Tristan What did I say at the beginning of this emergency meeting about how we have to be nice because we're with our family and friends here And we don't want to say anything that's offensive to anybody. Okay. You say something nice about Harry's wife She's very accommodating to sports stars So she had sex with the ones football players is what you're saying. Oh, I didn't say that Check this guy out Mr. Fucking conspiracy theorist. It's not conspiracy theory that she used to date a bunch of Edmonds, sir fucking conspiracy theorist anyway, so I guess as a conspiracy theorist you believe this cancer announcement Which we shouldn't be laughing at because cancer is not funny, but Is it fake or is it real correct? So first we're gonna play the video But it's a whole two minutes long  And let's be honest, we're not gonna play the whole two minutes. Blah, blah, blah. I'm sick, I had operation, blah, blah. Here's the video. I wanted to take this opportunity to say thank you, personally, for all the wonderful messages of support and for your understanding, whilst I'd be recovering from surgery. Yeah, it's fine, you're welcome. You know what, I actually quite like Princess Kate. So do I. I don't dislike her at all. She didn't do what the other princess did. Don't call her a princess. What is she? I think she's a duchess. What the fuck's a duchess, G? What the fuck's a duchess? Loser. Closer than duchess on the top G. So yeah, yeah, but she's good. She's a good wife. I like Kate. She was a good wife. She obeyed with the royal family wanted to do. She curts you to the queen. Did never mental break down on Oprah. Kate birthed a future king. Didn't run her mouth. Didn't cry rise out. Oprah, I'm an actor. I was.  in a Netflix series and they expected me to curtsy to the queen of England like I was like are you Siri buff yes serious the queen was the last OG she fought in World War 2 what did you do fucking suck it off sport stars and she looks like the kind of woman who we get on her knees for drug dealers but you can't curtsy to the queen you can't say that Tristan you can't just insult the woman yes I can this is a family friendly show she's a horrible person and she tarnished the reputation of the single greatest institution maybe anywhere in the world with her stupid accusations of racism the worst thing about this is this she's saying it makes the queen and a bunch of other people's races because as you know when you call someone racist the worst thing you can call someone today and all allegedly the world family did was when she was pregnant speculate on what features the baby will have will it have dark skin will it have curly hair everyone from Evan Justin Waller saying is he the ginger that's a conversation you have is it gonna  have red hair. It's normal as shit. When Michael was pregnant, I'm thinking, oh, is it gonna be blacker than me? Is it gonna look like my dad? Is it gonna... It's very normal and not racist, but she tarnished the entire reputation of the single greatest institution maybe anywhere in the world and the single greatest woman who's lived during our lifetime with her stupid accusations of racism. So yes, I can say she's an absolutely horrible person and I dislike her massively. Don't write Tristan's racist on the board. Don't write Tristan's racist. Is that what you're gonna write? I'm just as black as she is. No, I'm not racist. Okay, is this gonna be an annoying emergency meeting? Are we gonna be serious? I'm being very... Racism is very serious. It's not a joke. She's whiteer than you. Tristan. She's super white. You've been copying racist ones. Don't make me put times two next to it. She's very white. Anyway, Kate, the video was put through an AI detector because people detected anomalies.  And I'm not gonna lie. There was something weird about the video. While I watched it, there was something that just didn't seem quite right. I couldn't work out exactly what it was, but something wasn't right. And they put it through this AI detector and it's come up with this. That is 96% fake. Now the really interesting question is this. If it's fake, why? Why did they fake this? Is the story true? Is she too sick to make the video until the truth about the story? Is there another story they don't want you to know about? Where has this come from? If it's fake, why did they do this? It's not just a matter of working out, it's fake or not. It's trying to work out their motivations and intentions behind the deception. I feel the royal family know many things, but they're out of touch with perhaps the normal man. They're out of touch with the normal man potentially, but they're sorry out of touch with the weirdos who are addicted to Reddit and never leave their computers. They don't even know that these people exist.  So with the photo they released a month ago, which was completely AI of Kate smiling with her children as a message, maybe Kate was in hospital, maybe Kate was too sick to take the picture, but don't deep fake an AI the pictures. Don't do that because the Reddit losers are going to jump all over it. Now I hope it's just a matter of she sick, she doesn't want to make the video there, computer jazzing up to make her look better. I hope that's what it is, but it's exceptionally scary that we're at this point already in photos and video. Well the reason this rumor is so prevalent is because she was disappeared for a while, no one saw her for months, and then they released this family photo to try and say, look, she's okay, it's fine. This one. Yeah, that's the one I was talking about. And you can look online and find all the ways which people worked out that this is a Photoshopped image. It's heavily photoshopped and the royal family actually came out and go, okay, it's all a Photoshop, we're sorry. So wait, the princess is vanished for three months. We try and reassure us that she's not dead with a Photoshopped image.  you and then you go yeah oops sorry and then this video comes out and there's weird things about the video and you think people aren't gonna say wait something is very suspicious here and then instead of going well people don't trust us anymore because we've photoshopped images before and because the MSM does nothing but fucking lie all of the time now we're gonna blame Iran it's Iran's fault that people don't believe in this video because I'm sure the Iranians did this but in the last few weeks we haven't just had conspiracy theories have we there have been very cruel and sometimes very inhumane comments now some of these it is being suggested the worst of it may well have been originated from fake accounts from bots originated from propaganda machines in countries such as Russia China and also Iran as well now sorry sorry sorry it's the BBC but on what fucking planet did these people live  You locked everyone in their house. You lied to everyone for four years. You lied about every wall that's ever happened. You lied about the crime rate. You lied about inflation. All you do is fucking lie. Everything that comes out of the MSM is a lie. Everyone who says good is bad. Everyone who says bad is good. All you do is lie. The Princess Ghost disappeared for four months. No one can find her. Then the fucking MSM releases a photo, which is Photoshop. You and me and it was Photoshop. And then your next video comes out with a bunch of anomalies. And then when we say, this is suspicious, no one's seen her. This is weird. The last thing you release was Photoshop. We think this might be Photoshop. You blame Iran. We have to be living in a clown world. On what what fucking version of reality did some big head producer from BBC? Finish getting sucked off by a kid. And then go, hmm, we have to cover up for getting busted again. Poohen. The Iranians. Why the fuck would the Iranians follow? Make a fake video and then...  And then you release the video or is it the Iranians who are peddling the conspiracy that you photoshopped things after you admitted that you photoshopped things? Look, which one is this? Let's get serious for I am pissed. Let's get serious for 60 seconds. The fact of the matter is this. Princess Kate is a public person. She's probably one of the most public people in England and she's a member of the Royal family that comes with upsides and that comes with downsides. The upsides obviously the palaces and the estates and you know all be everyone treating you with respect every single where you go. The downsides I guess lots of expectations being put on you, but also the lack of privacy. I feel like the Queen lived most of her entire life I guess with no real privacy. Every single matter of her life whether it be discrepancies with her husband, family fallouts were all in the public eye and unfortunately Because I have no reason to believe that Kate isn't sick with cancer and I hope she recovers soon. Unfortunately as a public person you don't get to just be quiet and disappear and  hide from the public eye for months and months and months and then without people talking. And you know, then you're right to do that. However, people are going to start asking questions and unfortunately, along with all the massive upsides you get from being a member of the royal family, one of the downsides should be that I feel she should do a 45 minute quick Q&A press conference, life press selection of different people, a sure people that she's okay for now and that what's going on as legit, explain the photos, explain the videos, explain why they use AI, explain why they heavily photoshopped them and then let everyone just continue with their lives because the public are curious. The royal families are most important, most cherished institution and we are as British people are very curious. What's happened? Yeah, you're right. And we talk about being a public figure and sometimes when you have something which is personal to you, like a medical issue and you want to go overlusive and you don't want to deal with the press. I mean, this actually happened to me recently. Yeah. I had an exceptionally long Johnson. Okay. I think we've had to talk about the speculation of maybe a problem on your lawn. There's no speculation about my long.  Johnson G exceptionally long Johnson and they said look Andrew long john I talked to you. Why do I sit down for these just saying But here I am I'm owning it. So this is what this is what Kate should do sitting the most me Just talk about it You know Kate of all the people who are definitely not going to come on this emergency me I think Kate Middleton is probably top of the list admit admit if I pull off I'm the ultimate mr producer You know I'll email him. We could just AI her. I'm an email him. I'm gonna talk to you come here She's not gonna come and talk on the emergency at royal palace minor problem built different. I'll go for all could do I'm built different So anyway, I've got all the little bits of evidence here proving that this video's fake we're gonna get one So why is it fake? People are saying it's fake well the first thing about it which is clear and this is what I realized because My unmatched perspicacity when I first watched the video  Something was tingling in my brain and I thought, am I being paranoid because the last thing they released was Photoshop, but something about this video doesn't seem quite right. And I'm gonna play the video again and let's see if you guys can see the most obvious. This is the most obvious thing. I wanted to take this opportunity to say, thank you, personally, for all the wonderful messages of support and for your understanding whilst I being covering for surgery. Those flowers and those trees for not moving. Meaning there is no wind. And also, I lived in England wrongly. There is no full summer blossom garden at this time of year. So that's clear. I have to make a abdominal surgery. That's a green screen at minimum. I know the time. There's no parking in my hotel. It was full of that. Teen degrees raining, cloudy rain, cloudy rain. So that's a green screen, which makes me think, maybe the AI detector, let's be fair, because you and I are known as beacons of truth. Maybe the AI detector we showed earlier, maybe it just detects the green screen and that's why saying the video's 100% fake. Maybe they just green.  screened it. Maybe she didn't want to go out to the garden for some reason. I hope so. Maybe that's reason enough. And the green screen alone behind a bench can explain some of the anomalies. But there's other anomalies that have people worried about. Look at this. A video analysis close up slow mo. Let's see this. Supposedly this proves this fake. As you can imagine, this is taken time. I don't know. Done with that proves. I don't get it. Supposed that proves this fake by some AI doork. What's actually really interesting here when we talk about this is not that whether the video is fake or not. You guys are thinking on the bug level. Let me explain to you all. Look at this. This is you. You're a bug. Why am I here? It's good to sleep. It's science. It's not. Bug level down here on the ground in the mud. Above the bug level. You have what the humans live.  And then you have where we are. That's first vacacity. You have a small vision, a human has some vision, but I have unlimited vision, because you're on bug level. So because you're on bug level, you're sitting there going, is the video fake or not? That doesn't matter. What matters already is that people don't believe the videos they see. This is the first time in human history that people, keep talking just in case. We've got a matrix attack. Matrix attack, matrix attack. Something went wrong. We're taking a quick look and we'll be right back. Matrix attack, matrix attack. Matrix attack, the matrix attack. The matrix attack does. Bro, I'm singing. I give a fuck, we're back or not. Sing to whoever I fucking want. I'm top G. I'm built different. We're back. Bug level. You're down here with the bugs. This is you. I thought you weren't going to be rude to our family and friends. I'm just telling them what they are.  They're gonna be happy bugs here. They're all happy bugs. They're gonna be people when they got me to the top G. What matters here is not whether the video's fake or not. What matters is this is probably the first time. This is a monumental event. Name another time a video came out and people didn't believe it. A massive cultural icon or a massive news event where the people at home watched the video with their own eyes and said, nah. This is the first time it's ever happened. It is the first time now. And this is gonna become the new norm because the MSN have lied to us so heavily. They've done nothing but fucking lie, lie, lie. We've now reached a point where because we know it's possible to fake a video, even if the video isn't fake, we're gonna look at it and go, don't believe it. Soon they're gonna fake terror attacks. They're gonna fake elections. They're gonna fake meetings between world leaders. It's not if it's gonna be real. Speeches. Speeches will be fake. All of it will be fake. It won't even worse. It is real.  fake which is the same thing because perception is reality. They have the power to fake it and so you know that it could be fake. Yeah. So there's no way of knowing. And this right now we have people who are detecting small anomalies in the AI and saying we think it's fake because of this because of that. In five years you're not going to be able to tell a difference. It's going to be exactly the same. I've used in the video of Will Smith, Ian Spaghetti and how much it changed in six months. No. We're going to have to show that another emergency mean. But look it up. Will Smith, Ian Spaghetti, the first draft of the video and the second, third and fourth. I'm going to play a completely unrelated video to Kate's terrible medical conditions. The Duchess of Cambridge has received her first dose to the COVID-19 vaccine. The Cambridge couples official Twitter account posted a photo of the moment Kate Middleton got the jab in line. Yeah. So the MSM have done nothing but lie for so long that now when they play a video.  We're actually quite lucky that currently if you analyze hard enough, you can come to a conclusion with our videos fake or not But in a few years, a few months perhaps you won't be able to tell the difference No one is going to be able to tell you what's true and what isn't besides The MSM themselves Don't worry. We have fact checkers on it. We verified it the same people who verified the vaccine verified this video Don't believe in the conspiracy theories guys. They're from Iran. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? I don't want to be Persian. You don't be Persian Don't believe in that you'll have nice rugs, but you won't get the truth The BBC warns about online conspiracy theories. No, we're just asking questions because you lied to us if you lied to us once We're gonna ask questions the next time you lied to us. You know, it's interesting Andrew Cancer rates are set to go up 77% by 2050. Oh, yeah, I wonder what why is that are they say it's because?  because of smoking and drinking. Because it's not like everyone in ancient Rome was getting wrecked every day on booves. It's not like that, no. Why, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Why would cancer rate shoot up 70% whatever a year? Because of smoking and drinking when people were smoking, drinking all this time? 15 years. No, because I can't say it. Look, cancer rates are going to go massively up. They're probably like inflation. You know how they're like inflation's 3% and your prices have doubled. Now go cancers up a little bit, but everyone who actually notices that cancer rates have spiked for real, like actual doctors, et cetera, have seen that cancer rates are through the roof. That's very funny, isn't it? It's almost like there's something wrong with these people's DNA. There are. RNA, DNA, something, something's a mess. You know what, maybe we should do to fix this. Maybe we should just destroy everybody's ability to think and talk.  Freely that'll be interesting because what we should do is if we're gonna release videos people knocking over their fake or not We should just stop people's ability to talk. Yeah, we'll have fact checkers banning every single post on every single platform Besides X where and rumble no, we should just ban Twitter. She's ban it I know you should you should ban it and you should ban tick talk and you should ban everything that's controlled by people who you don't like exactly Elon the Chinese Bumble banning all so look at this you're making Jeremy Vine remember that time you were down the pop with Jeremy Vine tell him on the story You're down the pop yeah, I paint Jeremy Vine. He said I want a pint and a packet of crisps and you said Yes, okay But I mean she genius. There's any argument to say this all sound crazy, but China does it We've got to now take control of Twitter and shut it down for the time being I don't think we should take control of Twitter. China does it. We got to take it But let's just ban people talking and thinking because  Everybody who is this old fuck who's your who the fuck is your mate? I have a good idea Jeremy vying. How can you do this guy? Who on earth woke up? Please imagine you wake up Okay, I own a TV station. I need someone to talk on TV Hmm who's the least impressive Perth bang him who the fuck is this guy? Why the fuck would we anyone listen to Jeremy? I don't even I literally have no idea why he's on TV I have a good idea for Jeremy vying in fact. I'm on your side Jeremy. I'm on your side right when you take control Google he says Jeremy vines net worth is six million American dollars, okay? All you need to do Jeremy vying because I'm with you here is Times your net worth by 7,334 and then you'll have 44 billion and then you could buy Twitter yourself. Oh wait You're broke and the person who wanted to buy Twitter and get free speech back to the people isn't broke That's too  I'm lucky to shake no because that was a good idea you know buy it yourself and let people do what you What they want on it because it's your platform because that's what they all used to say when they were banning conservative Three four five years ago Facebook Instagram Twitter were banning everybody well Why do you make your own social media platform? Why don't someone with your ideal and you just make your own platform now rumbles here now X is here is really to delete them Shut up. Are you telling me that Western governments will just delete apps that don't control? Are you telling me the Spanish would just outlaw telegram? Oh The Spanish the Socialists Does anyone at home actually understand what's going on? They're now using fake videos to paint a first version of reality because they intend on putting you deeply into the matrix at the point where you Don't know what's true and what's false you're gonna think your country's at war when you're not even at war The movie the matrix is about your mind being preoccupied and your mind being  by a false version of reality, so they can extract body heat from the people for the machines. It's exactly the same. They're gonna come up with all these false viruses here, when we'll be falling over and dying, false climate change, flooded cities, false wars. You're gonna be sitting in your house afraid, doing exactly what you're supposed to do, because of events that have not even taken place and don't happen. And anywhere you're allowed to talk about the fact that you don't believe in them, they're gonna now ban. The Spanish have just banned Telegram. Jeremy Vines has we have to just ban Twitter. Well, fucking ass and I in statement. Oh, you know, we should just ban it. Why? Because people are asking if the next phone, if the you just follow shop the last thing you put out. So we're quite rightly said, is this one fake? Oh, I ban it. Ban it. That is a little guilty at all. Who are these people? Andrew, you're a conspiracy theorist. It's fucking crazy. Talk about making themselfs against guilty as possible. Then, Kate's uncle asks, where is Kate?  Why is your uncle just a typical dude? That's kind of cool. I should have a question. What's K? So because she doesn't want to talk about that. We can't talk about it. The last thing I'm going to do is there's the kind of code I should get. If it's announced, I'll give you an opinion. I hope she's OK. I think the most important thing. I know I spoke to her mom, my sister. She's getting the best camera world. I'm going to pull the dump dump dump. Where's your niece mate? Oh, I can't talk about it. Can't talk about it. Sorry. We'll see you down the pub with you and Jeremy. I'm don't go to the pub with Jeremy Vine. I've never been to the pub with Jeremy Vine. Jeremy Vine, if you're watching. Next time I'm in London, I'm inviting you to the pub. What if an AI video of you and Jeremy Vine comes out at the pub? Can someone please make an app? How will you prove that you haven't been to the pub with Jeremy Vine? If you want a video.  So comes out. If you're watching this, please make an AI video of me and Jeremy Vine at the pub. So let me understand something. Europe, which is on the precipice of implosion because of the boring things. All the things we've talked about, like the fact that farmers are not allowed to grow food and the money's not real. Nobody can pay their bills. People have our gas pipelines. The crime is out of control. There are no more borders. Yeah, exactly. So now they've come along and are using fake videos on the news to try and report a false version of reality to keep people's minds occupied so that you can sit there and believe in things that aren't true as you continue to work and pay 50% tax to a government which hates you. And then if you want to talk about it, what they're going to do is delete all these platforms so you can't talk. And then if you manage to somehow still share an opinion, they're going to make sure that you pay the price because when you walk around outside, they now have facial recognition cameras everywhere. And they're going to instantly recognize you and you'll be arrested. Excuse me, mate. Come over here, mate. You're under arrest for criminal code. 434 criminal code of the bullshit detective, our criminal code. The front line.  in facial recognition. Police cameras in a East London street, everyone gets scanned. If you refuse, here's what can happen. This man didn't want to be caught by the police cameras, so he covered his face. Police stopped him, they photographed him anyway, an argument followed. Let me get it straight. If you say things the government doesn't like, it's going to quickly become illegal to walk around your own hometown with your own face. Excuse me, man. Excuse me. You didn't show your face. I've never heard of you, man. Do you have the face to face scanning machine? Well, say you've got to take your in, man. I don't shoot the messages. It's going to face the machine. Told me you've got to take your in the machine. I could call a friend on the phone. Do you guys say, what are you? You could remind you. You can't. We got an error in the arrest. No one on the...  So I brought you the one making the fake video isn't put them on the fucking BBC What are you mad at me for what if I use the fake? AI projector I wore my chest nice to project someone else's face smart onto mine super smart Get them with their own idea. No. Here's what we have to do guys. We're bringing COVID back COVID back COVID alert warning 10 common trusted news source the news you love and trust is now telling you for your own So I'm gonna say codes back but for your own safety you have to wear masks have to Not for the virus, but they got me for the virus because For all the people for grandma not for the facial recognition For grandma, COVID back emergency meeting They want us to wear masks Get on what they want comets back. You know what every time I interview by MSM I make them show me their vaccine certificates and it's funny because I  in the interview after I've destroyed them. I know they're gonna have to go home and suffer the paralysis that's gonna come to them via the 18 booster injections. So now I'm gonna wear a mask all the time. And when that's what I'm wearing, I'm gonna say COVID. I believe the MSM, I wear COVID. Excuse me, now you know I'm showing your face to the face machine. No, I can't. Mask or bat. I'm scared. Please social distance from me, please officer. What we should start doing is carrying Uno reverse cards around with us. So when they try and arrest us, we'll get out the Uno reverse card and then we can arrest them. Or you do that. And I'll buy a monopoly set and take the get out of jail free cards with me. Nice. Cause I've been to jail twice and I've never had a trial or been convicted of a crime. Smart. So next time I go to jail, I can just use the get out of jail free card. Or I can say that I need to social distance and get my own cell. Very smart. I can get the skip card from Uno. Okay. Skip the sentence. No, no, no, no, I'm sorry. We got 10 years. Skip.  Sorry Well, if we go back to the UK they try put us through some kangaroo trials I'm gonna try put us in jail for no reason because we're already starting. I want to mask the whole time Podcast just came out from CEO cast before the UK came up with this bullshit and I'm sitting there I'd be like oh the UK, you know, I guess they're gonna try and get me But how could they get me? I haven't lived in England for over 10 years. I haven't lived there for 10 years My whole life is in Romania. I've lived here. You know the Remanians could dig into me I'll do it for 10 years. Haven't lived in England for 10 years. One week later 12 years ago. You didn't have crime What's this when I exonerate myself of this bullshit happening in England? Keep in mind I left America when I was seven and a half Tristan at seven years old molested someone American charges watch they're running out of ideas I Face a recognition in progress very ironic. You have nothing to fear unless you're a criminal. I wrote a small Iraqi child  Product using Tony Blair's face who trust Tony Blair the man who killed a million Iraqis brah So I'm not even gonna discuss what are the videos fake or not the point is we don't believe them now on any level because they can't be trusted because they are have bit your real liars and now everything that come out people are gonna start saying nah now the matrix is breaking It's actually amazing that there's a lot of people who are now standing up saying nah fake fake fake fake fake fake fake We're gonna have to start demanding and they're gonna have to start giving us live press conferences where you can get press badges when you're Trusted press and by trusted press I'm talking about Dan Bologino Russell Brand me you I'll show up in live stream from there because the BBC cameras and the CNN cameras aren't gonna be enough They need to let trusted press here live words from people otherwise no one's gonna believe them I am not Morgan Freeman and what you see is not real  Well, at least in contemporary terms it is not What if I were to tell you that I am not even a human being Would you believe me? What is your perception of reality? Is it the ability to capture process and make sense? Our name is formation our senses receive We need more of a freebie get fake home and take the freebie to commentate our jail documentary Does that make documentaries are made about this unlawful? Simply the ability unlawful to fear imprisonment. I mean more than right to welcome your Aura of simple reality. Oh, well only be here 24 hours. They're fake charges Turns out the boys were not gonna be a jail for 24 hours So nothing's real nothing's real and even more importantly if you do see something that's real You may think it's fake and if you do see something that's fake you may think it's real So what do you now do? What is the answer to this?  But before this I kind of feel like maybe we're being too harsh and maybe we should give The MSM song degree of credit. They can't lie about everything. They must tell the truth a little bit Tristan Maybe it was I ran You wasn't I ran Remember that guy we went Jim with that Persian dude. Yeah, what about him? Maybe he's just asking We're gonna ask him some my ran if he faked the Cape Middleton videos and released the conspiracy. I'm gonna message him He might he might know something He won't though Tristan don't you think before you completely write off the MSM That you should at least give them a benefit of the doubt they're saying it's I ran I'm sure they wouldn't just say that on the news completely randomly like absolute dickheads because you know They've shot them fake everything so far. They must have some kind of evidence. This is the only Iranian guy we know  I don't know why we're even having this conversation this clearly isn't true or real. I'm just trying to be a good journalist. My G. Hello. Long time. No. No, long time, not us. Bro, are you still running? Are you still doing that? Janet or Ting? Jim one. No, no, not us, not us, no. There wasn't you? No, not us, sir. Not us, no. Oh, he knows why you're calling. Are you watching the emergency meeting? I'm watching, but no, no, no, not us, no. So you didn't release the cake, middle to video? No, no, no, sir, not us, no. All right, bro. Get a new job, gee, even the frages. I know. So, bro, that's first hand evidence that this was not Iran. We're getting closer to the truth. Maybe they have just lied about all of it. Interesting. Thanks for the get you video.  I'm not going to play spaghetti videos. I said I'm going to play a video about this from the Scottish police saying why you're going to jail, dipshit. Now to a story that I can confidently say is an absolute joke. Police officers in Scotland are being told they should target actors and comedians in other countries, new hate crime laws. Well, GB News is a Scotland reporter. Tony McGuire is in Glasgow. Tony, welcome to the show. Scotland is about to bring in the most draconian free speech laws on the planet. What is going on? Yes, indeed. And let's not forget that some Scotland has some of the most out there comedians may only really need to mention the names of Frankie Boyle and are very only, of course. Of course, but yes, this is indeed a revelation today from the Scottish police. Sorry, mate. Can you just walk past the face scan machine to make sure you haven't told me jokes? Professional comedian alert. Professional comedian alert. Get out of the ground. Get down on the ground.  Human trafficking! Human trafficking! Joke trafficking! Jail instantly! Parma jail! Parma jail! Without trial, remand! Preventative detention! The world is so fucked, Rob. This is what they're gonna do! They're gonna come out of the fake video. We're gonna say we think that's fake. Anyone's gonna say they think of fake. And they're gonna get fucking wrecked by the legal... Big long legal dildo! The shortest second... The shortest... The second longest... Johnson. Are you retarded? Are you retarded? The second longest Johnson in existence is the legal dildo. And it's gonna come. And it's gonna fuck you! If you sit and say that, the people who release fake videos release another fake video. And then they're gonna say, don't worry! Because we know that you don't trust us anymore. So to instill faith!  We have a misinformation researcher with a shit haircut who's in charge of telling you what's true. Kate Starbird says the social media platforms also often ignored the researcher's suggestions. The statistics I've seen are just for the Twitter platform, but my understanding is that they responded to about 30% of the things that we sent them. And I think on the majority of those they put labels. But just a third. But just a third. Okay, if there's one person I don't want working for the Ministry of Truth, it's that person. Why? Because that person probably believes that women can have penises and that everything's racist. AI is going to enslave us all. You can't even go into Aldi without QR code. This video is going to be in a long time. Can't be asked to watch it. But look very closely. But pay attention. So look at this. You got to scan an app. Get a QR code.  our code to go now the now the reason all of this is happening of course is because society is disintegrated to the point where we will just steal all the time. So you can't have such a dump. The now they're saying well crimes are control. So how do we fix it? Well we're gonna put facial scans everywhere and QR codes everywhere to fix the crime but they're not actually gonna solve the crime instead they're gonna get you in trouble for telling jokes when they release fake videos because they don't love people who highlight the fact that the place is a dump. They don't want to fix it being a dump. They want to get all the people who make you know that it's a dump and throw them in jail like us. We can't go to the UK now because our faces are gonna be scanned and thought crime is gonna appear on the Met Central Computer and they're gonna set up the terrorist task force to get us. Bro it's a joke thing. But think of it's back I don't know what we do. Yeah masks mask up. How can you shill shit coins living in Spain you haven't even got telegram anymore exactly. I gotta make money on fucking meme coins. Good point. So you can go fake shit and there's actually for what are JJ's Politza  which means their crimes. Yeah, good point. Huge crimes. It's actually quite interesting. We talk about crypto. I'm gonna mention it quickly because I've already seen a lot of deep fakes of me. Yeah. Here's one. Let me see if I can download it. Let me see if I can download it. People are trying to get me to chill shit coins with this trash. What is it? One second. And you can make videos pretending to be me. Now they're shit. So anyone who believes them's a dummy. Deep fake AI app.fake AI di0. Anyone who believes them's a dumbass. But they're already faking me trying to get me to sell their trash. So not only is it gonna be faking calamities, they're gonna be faking celebrities, investment, opportunities, endorsements. The points of view. Everything. Which is why I'm gonna say now, if you wanna find out what cryptos I do actually endorse, you need to join the real world. Inside of the real world.  I will tell you which cryptos I endorse. But if you see anything publicly, I'd be very skeptical. And I wanna say one more thing. People think I have this beef with crypto. Let me talk to crypto guys for a second. Hello, crypto dorks, hello. Hi. GM. GM. I know you're hiding behind your cartoon avatars, but let me explain something to you. I have no problem with easy money. I like hard to make money. I like easy to make money. A lot of you have quite a stutely pointed out that I've made hundreds of millions of dollars of crypto. That is true. My problem with all you fucking losers is that you get rich off crypto. And instead of thinking I need to invest in myself so I'm no longer a dork, I need to get strong and smart and interesting. You just keep the money and continue to trade shitcoins, stinking your mother's basement, jerk it off! Staying in nobody. Money amplifies, which means if you're a G and you get rich, you're the top G. If you're a dork and you get rich, you're a super dork. I have no problem with making money with crypto. I'm currently making a bunch of money with crypto, as we all should be. I teach crypto inside of the real world. My problem is with you personally, because I think you're all fucking nerds and I don't like you. You're the kind of pure, pure person I would say.  see on the street and you come up to me and be like, hey, hey, hey, miss, miss, you, I got a blockchain project. And while you're talking to me, I'll just be thinking of how snappable your neck is. I'll be thinking, I could just fucking, Jane! Blockchain, blockchain, blockchain. Last one would be blockchain. Verify your death on the blockchain. Fucking nerds. One confirmation. So I hate the community, but I enjoy the money. Who doesn't? But when you see any of this public garbage, I want to get clear now because there's so many AI deep fakes and stuff around, they're going to try and do it to us. Sorry guys, Tristan didn't turn the sound on. Can you let everybody at home know how you think the world will change? Now we've entered a post-truth era. We were already in a post-truth era, but now one of the few things left you could trust on this planet, your own eyes will deceive you. So now that we know the MSM does nothing but lie, and we know the people in charge of the world are satanic pedophiles. We know that law fairs.  being used to destroy anybody tries to tell the truth and if you don't show your face to the facial recognition machine mate you can get arrested on the pedal code 4444 the bullshit law hate speech hate crime does a hate speech tell the truth hate speech sorry mate come on man yeah just come on man mate yeah yeah I'm sure it's alright but you told Joe last man you know we say the judge down to the judge so what do you think is gonna happen to the world now how is this gonna affect the nor the noranese life I think I need to just confess I feel like instead of telling you how it's gonna affect your life I feel like we need to just admit it I'm good admit it ready all right tell about a home ladies and gentlemen at home there is no such thing as an Andrew Tate it's all been fake me trusted Tate the only real one sitting on this podcast over the past 10 years has used advanced AI because I've been working carefully behind the scenes and I've had access to it  I have fabricated this man. Everything he said, every joke he made, every reason I got put in jail, it's all fake. From day one, his kickboxing fights, to him right here smoking. That was a hard algorithm to program. It's all been fake the entire time. And I feel like I just now need to admit it. I'm sorry, the joke went too far. There's no such thing as an Andrew tape. Now, why do I make that point? Maybe I'm lying, maybe I'm telling the truth. But here's the fucked up thing. Starting from today, you might see how many times have you ever seen Andrew tape in person? Any of you at home, once one of you, maybe, of the 50,000 watching? Not very many times. So here's the fucked up thing. You were going to have people who will win your hearts, win your minds that you're like, they'll gravitate towards, and their messaging will change and change and change the old program of tri-  to buy real people into selling out into the matrix. Doesn't even need to be played anymore. New people can be invented, who will tell you all the things you wanna hear, because we live in a digital world, and they'll be on your streams, and they won't get banned for some reason, and once you're their fan, they're gonna take the big LGBTQ Dildo agenda, and shove it up your butt hole. And you're gonna be like, why did that person do it to me? Because that person isn't real. Andrew Israel, but that's the future, and that's what's coming. So you can't trust the heroes anymore. Well, though we knew heroes that you'll never see in person, God knows if they even fucking exist. To a lot of people, we came out of nowhere three or four years ago, but AI wasn't good enough to fake back then. What if someone comes out now? Starts talking, I might like him. I'm my message in, hey bro, let's have a book guys. Yeah bro, let's just do a video conference call. I can't make it to Romania, blah, blah. Fake people are the future. Forget making real people say fake thing.  things. Totally invented characters, reading your news, playing your sports. That's the future. If you're your opinions, telling you what to think, give you context on world situations, leaders of countries, fake leaders of countries are coming. Because you've never seen a leader of your country ever. Well, hear me out. I have personally seen, let's take a look. I'm not going to talk about it, but I have personally once seen President Zelensky. I have actually seen him. So I know he's a real person. But for you 36,000 people watching, how many of you have both won been to Ukraine and two scenes, Zelensky? I'm telling you, in 2085, the Republic of Eritrean nationalists is going to be a war with whatever. And they're going to create a terrorist attack. And their leader is going to say that they did it. And they're going to lock you in your house and that country and the people and the leader isn't going to exist. No offense to my friends from Eritre. I don't know why I said that as a random country. And you all be.  fake. You've never been there. You've never seen them. Everything can be fake. And you'll be locked in your fucking house afraid of fake terrorists from fake countries where my fake leaders who don't exist and the people who are really control the world are going to be chilling in the South of France. They're like, oh, good. There's no brokeies here. No, they're all locked in their houses because they're scared of the white people's Republic of Nazi stand or whatever they invent. You won't be able to go anywhere to verify with your own eyes because you won't have enough carbon credits and you'll be in your 15-minute city locked down. And you won't be able to say this is very inconvenient that every single thing they tell me is a lie and I can't go anywhere, LOL, because then the face scan machine will scan you on your way to get your bug allocation or your dude milk from some Chinese tit and you're gonna not be a fucking jail cell. Dude milk and bugs!  That's what you're gonna eat, believing in a version of the world that isn't even fucking real. The Matrix is gonna get a whole lot worse. We have been saying on a Merit's Meetings for a very long time that we are in a few years we stand a chance of resisting absolute oppression. It is accelerating. I found that Will Smith video and I wasn't gonna play it because I don't like your suggestions. To play it in a second, but let me finish with a greater meta point. I'm gonna take someone who I kind of like and I have never met and has actually been around for a good number of years now so we know he isn't AI. But let's just take randomly Vivek Ramaswamy. Okay? I kind of like that dude. I have seen him in videos. I've seen him talking videos. I've seen him on political campaigns in video. I've seen now he's a real person. I don't have a push into conspiracy that he doesn't exist. But in 20 years time when a young charismatic future leader, future president, congressman senator comes along and steals everyone hearts. You won't even know if it's a fucking real person. And then he gets elected because you vote for...  him and then suddenly you're fucked because it isn't a person it's just the fucking agenda giving you what you want to hear to get your vote if voting still real and then you are screwed imagine if someone told you today as an American Republican oh yeah Vivek Ramaswami you know he's not actually real he's just all CGI it was a deep fake now that can't be real because he's been around for a good while but the Vivek Ramaswami's of 20 years time and 30 years time they're they're building them now there's Facebook accounts with childhood foes of people who aren't real being posted right now in real time ready for the future setup of fake candidates in fake elections you ever seen Donald Trump even I haven't world's good implications are terrifying right before the mainstream media start saying I'm saying Vivek and Trump aren't real they're these are all real people now real  you're now starting the era where the fabrication of the future fake people can begin. You know when I was doing the research for this show, because I want people at home to know that actually were very hard and emergency meetings. I'm a hard working man. I miss the bitterset here very seriously. And he was practicing drawing dicks all day. The law. And I was finding all the proof that the video of Kate is fake and I couldn't play all these proofs that it's fake, but you can see them yourselves on Twitter. This emergency meeting is not about whether that video particularly is fake or not. It's about the fact that people no longer believe the MSM and how they're going to punish you for it. They have the misinformation police with their short hair and their liberal psychos and they're going to be able to tell you what's true and what is in it. And if you go against it, the face machine is going to lock you up. All this is coming. Consider this a prediction for the future. This is not hyperbole. This is not joke. This is what's going to happen to your children. And they're going to live in a false version of reality. My brother just says completely true. And then I was talking about how they fake people. I found the Morgan Freeman fake and I found the Kate Fakes. I found the Queen fake. I found a fake of...  I have all these fakes here. I found the fakes of me. Have you seen the fakes of you? Don't I'll leave Have you seen the I've seen the fake city the Will Smith video to show the progress of AI? I'll show the progress vibe, but no I'm actually serious. We've got some no Tristan No, well got some serious. I can't think so. I'm not there's a there's fakes of you What's it? Let's look at the day I'm doing this is actually a very pertinent example because right now as we said You can kind to tell if videos are fake or not, but this is the one year difference in AI I don't know how to make this fit on the screen exactly. It doesn't fit properly the one thirds thirds Thirds and thirds it will think this way All right, you can kind of see So this is one year ago when they told a machine to make Will Smith eating spaghetti and today and how different the AI machine and how much Better is gone in a single year What's it called when computers exponentially get better Murphy's law? So imagine it in five years from now This one is probably the best one yet  We're going. You want to see the AI? The main AI of you. So I, as a multi-millionaire who was mentored by Dan Penne, and yes, this is his castle, and yes, that's me right next to Dan Penne. Do I agree with everything that Andritate just said? I think a lot of the things that Andritate said, every single one of them pretty much has at least a little bit of truth behind it. Some of the things I think applied to pretty much everyone, but some of the things and a lot of these things, not really. However, I think every single thing that he described applies to him personally. So he's speaking from his experience. So I think it's great to listen to what he just said and to think about it. Resist a slave mind, resist not thinking. This video, by the way, is part of my investigation into Andritate and Tristan Tate, are they really innocent or are they guilty? I'm watching their content.  coming to my own independent conclusion. So YouTube don't take this video down because this is a part of my independent journalistic investigation into the Tade brothers. And understanding what they think about making money, I think is extremely important because if they, let's say, taught shady ways to make money, I think that's not exactly helping their case. But if they're saying things that make sense, then I think that's actually helping their case. But here's an interesting thought experiment. Let's assume for one moment that andrutate is definitely guilty. Is right now he more of a drag on society or is he helping the society more? Well, he's telling people to how kids, I don't know about you, but I think having more kids is for the society is better than having less kids. And I'm pretty sure there were people that watched him speak and they decided, okay, let's have more kids and they did. So if you look at that one specific thing, I think...  He's doing something good here. And let's say in the past he has done some terrible things. Are there people in the world that went on to accomplish some great, honorable things and added to the society overall after doing some questionable things? I think we can find a lot of examples like that. So I'm not making excuses for what Andertate did in the past, for example, and I'm not talking about his case specifically. You know, I'm just not a fan of the webcam business as an example, but putting all of that aside, he's telling you to get in shape, make money, how kids. These specific things are not exactly terrible, but is he guilty? Is he innocent? So let's get back into that. Are they wrong to say that right now going forward, if you don't know the person, or if you haven't followed someone until recently, if someone hasn't posted anything online from a few years ago, how do you know?  know that that person is even a real person. I think it will be quite a big change for all of us and everyone, but at the same time, if you look back, every single major technological advancement, we change. I think, well, I personally greatly enjoy having a phone. I personally greatly enjoy having a camera. I personally greatly enjoy having electricity. I personally greatly enjoy many books. So I don't think it's the right move to ban technologies. I think it's the right move to adapt to new technology. So I don't think we are going back, but I think Andrew is definitely right about saying the governments are going to use these new technologies to exploit and to increase their power, just like they always do. And skepticism is only  getting bigger because now if you see a video you don't know if it's really for sure 100% is it a real video or is it AI generated? Now at this moment only the people at the very very very very very very top have access to these tools that can generate AI video that actually looks realistic. They still have defects for example especially if you look at hands you will find veered artifacts in AI generated videos that's one easy way but you can tell oh that's an AI video pay attention to the hands if the hands and the fingers especially look weird is AI generated but like he pointed out years later you won't be able to tell you won't know so you could see a real video and think it's fake but while that sounds very scary I think it's actually just going back to how things used to be hundreds of years ago because think about it if you lived and  year 1500 and someone told you oh bad people are coming from someplace and they invaded this town 200 miles away from us and they're coming here how do you know that's actually real there's no video there's I mean people knew how to write so there's maybe something written how do you know it's real you didn't see it if let's say five years ago you weren't sure about something or let's say 15 years ago if you show me a video of a president speaking or saying something yeah that's a real that actually happened but now you can see a video of a president and now you're if let's say the president is saying something really really really really stupid or really silly something absolutely outrageous let's say the president says okay I I just launched nukes how do you know that video is  Maybe someone just made it up and it's not that, I mean, it's difficult to create a video like that, but it's not exactly impossible. If you are a hacker, if you have extremely high skills of a computer programming and you have access to some of these AI models, you can do it. It's doable. And if you really want to take it to the next level, you can probably, I mean, a video, all it is, is just 24 photos, you could say, per second. So if you have the time, you can just make basically 24 pictures or drawings before the shop just make it look super real, adjust each thing individually, move the lips, and then you just need AI software to generate a voice. And now these are freely available to many people. So you could, if you really wanted to, you could basically, because of how good Photoshop is, it's.  incredible. You could basically all of you at home with quite a bit of studying and learning Photoshop, you could make pretty much any president in the world say I just launched nukes. It's crazy. The world is changing, but I think we're just really going back to how things used to be hundreds of years ago. You couldn't basically trust anything and yet somehow the world moved forward and we made progress and we advanced and we got better and the world got richer eventually. So I personally, while this is a big change, I am not that scared of it. That makes sense because we're just going back to how things used to be. You couldn't trust anything, you couldn't verify anything, you just had to hear different people and think about, okay, does this make sense? Like you have to think about things. If you heard something and some of these rumors would turn out to be true and sometimes people would just be pulling pranks on you. I assume, I don't know, I didn't live 500 years ago, but I'm sure these things happen. So it's an interesting age that we are.  And Elon Musk says, you know, even if this is, let's say, let's say we are living in apocalyptic times. And the whole thing, let's say, is going to be destroyed. Would you rather want to live in times that are peaceful and not interesting, or would you rather want to live in this interesting time, the most interesting time of humanity and be without the front row seats to watch this apocalypse happen? I think Elon Musk presented a pretty interesting argument there. And I think... You can definitely make an argument. Yeah, that's... It's a lot more interesting to actually watch the whole thing go down. It's something to think about. That's not necessarily my position, but it's something to think about. But yeah, the whole world has definitely changed quite a bit. If you don't have any social media right now, especially if you are older already, if you don't want people to think that maybe you are not quite real, I would suggest to maybe just pause a few videos, or just one...  video of yourself online so that people can know oh you post it before 2027 let's say which is let's say let's just assume that's gonna be the year where basically I know one is going to be able to create realistic AI videos I'm not making a prediction here I'm just picking a random number here so maybe having one video out there of you proving that you are a real person is not necessarily a bad thing if you are thinking that you are going to post some content in the future and you don't want people to think that you are an AI generated thing because later anyone will be able to generate AI videos and in a way though it there's an argument to also not do it because if you do post it like for example right now if you want to create a realistically sounding voice of someone  You need hours and hours and hours of them speaking. You need a lot of data to basically create a realistic clone. Now, you can do somewhat realistic sounding clones if you just have 30 seconds of someone's voice, but it's just not going to be very real. It's going to sound sort of like that person, but you're going to be like, ah, no, no, there's no way it's that person. It just won't have all these intricacies in their voice, but if you do have hours and hours, they can do it definitely for sure. 100%. So maybe posting a long video of you online, maybe that's not a good idea, because then someone could just take a take your face, take your likeness, and just turn that into, um, you know, they can take all of that content from you and then create this person that looks like you sounds like you and says, things that you haven't ever said. So if you want.  to protect yourself and if you are never thinking about creating content, what I would do actually then is I would just delete everything online that you have that you have ever produced, any pictures, any audio, anything like that. But the world is going to change and I think we are going to figure out exactly what to do eventually about all of this and we're going to have new rules and new ways of doing things. I don't think the approach is to be afraid of the change. I think the approach is to thinking about what's coming, what's going to happen, how can I adapt to this, how can I benefit from this, what do I need to do to not be at a disadvantage during this transition? And I think the answer to that is to learn and to study and to follow what's going on and when there is a big breakthrough, people that don't adapt, I think they become big losers. But those that do adapt and they are advantage of the new technologies, these are the big winners. So be among the winners, follow.  learn and see how you can use all of these new things to your advantage. So Andrew says that he tries to go after feeling proud of the work that he's doing, instead of just going after fun. And that certainly does not sound like someone who would commit human trafficking, right? When he says making a lot of money is a form of resistance, taking care of your mom is a form of resistance. Getting in shape is a form of resistance because if your body is strong and you have a lot of money, you cannot be controlled. I think all of these things, what he's saying, these particular things, specifically, they make a lot of sense. I think many men today are more like boys and they have become a sort of weak and any problem and issue they have, they just complain and they just want to give up. And I agree with Andrew, you absolutely need to have hope. One of the first things how I learned when I was trying to go out.  after bigger money. But I was going through some of the issues that I was having earlier. It's okay to talk about quitting. It's okay to talk about how bad things are, but just never ever give up. And you talk about that, you should be feeling more inspired, more motivated, more energized, specifically. To go after whatever it is you have to do. And I do like it a lot when he says, men need to have a struggle. I definitely can relate to that. One of the most miserable times of my life, personally, was when I made some money and I decided to take a little break. And the first month was a lot of fun. And the second month I was like, yeah, okay, by the end of the third month, I have never really truly experienced what depression is. But I was sort of becoming to understand what people say, how I feel depressed.  having no purpose, no meaning. I think is worse than going through terrible struggles. Because then at least your mind is occupied. You're busy. You have a mission. You have a thing to go after to achieve something to fight. But then everything is just there. You don't need to do anything. When it doesn't matter, it just, everything just starts to lose meaning a little bit. So I like to keep myself busy. I personally, I will never retire. And if you look at people that do retire, they end up dying earlier. So to retire is to expire is my take generally. I'm not saying you cannot retire. I'm just saying, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to live a long and healthy life. Hopefully, hopefully healthy. And that's why I'm planning to never retire. Will I take breaks? Of course, I will. But I don't want to take, I don't, I don't want to just permanently retire. Coming back to is Androtate Guilty. As professionals, let's...  Sit down and think about is he really innocent or is he guilty? Well, what are the things that he just start? How to be happy? Is it to steal and use dodgy techniques or tactics to make money or to sell someone? Well, he says number one, get into good physical shape. I do feel quite a bit better after I have gotten to a better physical shape. I am more resilient. I have more endurance. I have more energy. Everything is just, you know, when you play a video game and it's your difficulty and you got easy, super easy, medium, hard, hardcore, deity, I think, if you're fat in this light, you're playing on hard. I feel like my difficulty in life went from average or medium to, or maybe from hard to medium. As I got into better physical shape overall, I'm  not exactly all super jogged or anything like that. Actually right now I'm, I got a shoulder injury and that sucks. I feel like my life is quite a bit worse and it's not an easy injury to recover from but I am getting better, very slowly. But right now even as I'm hurt, I'm still in a better physical shape compared to then compared to before I started working out. I am more strength, I still have more endurance. I still look better and before I used to be really skinny now I'm not exactly muscular but I'm not crazy skinny. And I feel like that I think Andrew is now wrong about that. It does translate into other aspects of your life. I think people are just going to respect you a little bit more and as people respect you more or as they compliment you more as they pay attention more to you. As they hear a little bit more what you have to say about certain things and they take you more seriously. And I think your life improves. And it's not necessarily just professionally that your life improves.  when it comes to your work, it's also your relationships. If you're a loved ones, if you're perhaps wife or girlfriend, people just look at you in a slightly different way. And when I got into better shape, I was like, huh, I didn't know this existed. So now I'm thinking, I'm not, I'm certainly not in the best physical shape. And I'm trying to get into better physical shape, but the shoulder injury is gonna take a while to recover from, but I'm looking forward to getting better and getting into much better physical shape. And it's not that I need to do that. But I think as a man, you have to strive for your very best. So I think Andrew is not wrong. I like this idea of getting into the best physical shape possible. Now I think you can wait over, do it. You don't take steroids or anything like that. I think that there's stupid. As a man, by the way, if you do take steroids, did you know that you might become infertile? So unless you know for sure you don't want to have kids, definitely stay away from any kind of steroids. And perhaps even testosterone.  replacement. We should really watch out. I think many people don't really know about that. Number two, you've got to be not afraid of struggle. I think Andrew is right about this. If you, I think one good mindset to have overall is especially if you are going after a lot of money, you're trying to move forward in your life is to have a mindset of a conqueror. You see, if you are striving for an easy life, you're in a tiny little thing that goes wrong, is going to annoy you, is going to destroy that whole day for you. You're going to feel angry. Just a slightest little thing. Oh, someone says something to you. Someone was slightly rude to you. Someone cuts you off when you work muting. Not really in a way that's not said, but just slightly annoying. Bam, all your day is ruined completely. If you have a mindset of...  Are they conqueror? Then you expect challenges, you expect people to come after you, you expect there to be high difficulties, you expect conflict, here's another one. When you strive for an easy life, you expect to have no conflict. You want all relationships to be perfect. But if you identify more as a conqueror, I don't think that's really the case. You expect to have conflict, and because you expect it, you will also be better prepared for it. And not only is it a benefit to you, it's also a benefit to others because if you expect conflict, that means you will handle it much better, and you will be more mature about it. And instead of being emotional, you will be more like, okay, yeah, this, I was expecting this, I'm prepared for it. I'm going to scream, I'm not going to get annoyed. I'm just going to do what I need to do to solve this conflict. I think it's just a much better approach to life. Now, if you don't want to make a lot of money, and if you want to have a real...  totally simple life. Okay, I don't think we really need to adopt that mindset. I'll be conquer. But if you do want to achieve big major things in your life, I think that's a good mindset to have. And when I say conquer, I don't mean you go and I don't mean it in a physical sense. You go and take things away from people. I don't mean that. I mean, you need to conquer your discipline. You need to conquer your body. You need to conquer your emotional stability. You need to conquer your morning routine. You need to conquer your evening routine. You need to conquer your sleep. You need to conquer money, business, and in a positive way. And I only mean this in a positive way. Conquer your relationships. But I mean, you're nice to people. You treat them well. So you're out there conquering. And if someone fights with you, if you need to fight back, then of course you fight back. In a way that's only appropriate and...  I mean, I'm not talking about you going out there and punching people in the face. I'm not talking about that. So if someone says something rude to you, I'm not on the internet. I'm not telling you to go out there and go after people. Now often it just makes a lot more sense to ignore. But if someone is coming after you very personally, I'm not telling you to come after them. I'm just more talking about this mindset of conquering your discipline. Concurring your laziness, conquer your laziness. That's really the main thing. Concur your laziness. And many people think they're too sensitive. So conquer your sensitivity in terms of, oh, you get irritated too easily. Or someone slightly upsets you and then ruins your whole day. And now you're not as productive that whole day. I mean, conquer your mind. So I only mean this in a positive way, obviously. So I just want to entertain this guy to be happy. Number one, get into as good physical shape as possible. Number two, make as much money.  as possible. I do not disagree with that with that. I think now up to a certain point, money definitely helps you out a lot. Pass a certain point. I think that it's somewhere between being in the top 20 to top 1%. Somewhere within that range is I think where where money still is going to bring you much more happiness. But especially after you get past a certain point, as you make more money, right now you would think if you had, let's say, a nut worth of $10 million, maybe you think you would be much happier right now. But when you have $10 million, you have $10 million to lose. And that's one thing that I didn't quite consider until actually made money. I didn't think it's, you know, but before you make money, you think, oh, $1 million is so much money. And then you get $1 million and then you think, like, all you are worried about is, I have this million dollars now and I don't want to lose it. And I guess...  And that's the wrong mentality. You want to have the mentality of the conqueror that I find to be quite helpful as in you're not necessarily only all about protecting, but you are also out there making a difference on your doing good things and you're making more money. You're not stagnant. And another thing that a conqueror does not do, a conqueror does not settle. Conqueror is always out there trying to make progress. Because if you look at people actually that retire early, did you know that they don't live as long? So one indication of someone dying sooner is someone choosing to retire. So I personally, this isn't just my personal preference. I don't want to retire ever now. Will I take locations at some point? Of course, yes, I will. But I'm not talking about just permanent retirement. I don't like the idea of that. So yeah, I think money is definitely certainly important. You want to be ideally somewhere in between the top 20 to 1% earners in the top 20.  In your country, so in each country, these numbers are going to be widely different. I mean, if you're in India, you don't need to make $300,000 a year. But if you're in the US, you might need to, if you really want to experience life to its fullest. I mean, just, I was just in Sacramento, California, and Uber, right there cost $100 for me. In India, you're for $10 or for $100, you're going to go maybe not quite across the whole country, but that means it's going to take you far. But yeah, it's not necessarily that you need to keep making even more and more money after you made a certain amount. I think at that point, you just want to stay active and you want to make more, but just expect that your life is not necessarily going to get better. For example, when you have a lot more, when you start having employees, all of a sudden, one way to look at it is, well, you have someone working for you and they are helping you make more money. But at the same time.  If you pay a salary regardless of their performance, sort of, if it's not directly tied to performance, what you really got in a way is additional people that rely on you, and that can be stressful, and it's not necessarily easy. And you might go as far as say, you have more problems because you have more people to take care of, and that's not necessarily an easier life. But if you do have that mindset of a conqueror, then you need warriors and people that work with you and people that you go to war with, basically. So I just find having this mindset, it just gives you, it immediately makes your mind stronger. You just become much more resilient to any issue. It's difficult to throw you off the track. For example, I got hurt. I'm not crying about my shoulders. I'm like, okay, well, it is what it is. I'm hurt. I'm recovering. I'm healing. Eventually, I'm going to get better.  And I'm just looking, okay, what's the situation? Is there anything I can do to make it better? And you just go about it. I think one more thing that Andrew talks about, he didn't talk about today, but depression. I think for one very brief moment, when I heard my shoulder and I was reading how long potentially it could take to recover. And I heard my shoulder in January. So now is almost May. It's been four months now since I heard my shoulder. And at first I was like, okay, I go to the gym three, four times a week and how long is it going to take me to recover from this? Okay, maybe it's going to take one week. Okay. And then I started to read about the kind of injury that I have. And I was like, oh, this could take months. And I might even need surgery. And if I need surgery, it's going to take maybe at least a year to really fully recover until I can start going.  going back to the gym and for one moment, I felt, I don't think the presses were right word, but just the sort of hopelessness and feeling that there's absolutely nothing you can do about it and that you will never get better because at the time when I was reading it, I was reading it in a sense that, okay, I read it with an expectation that in about one week's time, I will be better. And instead of finding out that in one week's time, I will be better, I was sort of realizing, no, I will basically never get better and by never, I mean, it's going to take one year or six months if everything goes really well. So I think, and I didn't quite know anything that I could do at all to make it better. And I saw cases of people with similar conditions where people just don't get better. Five years later, 10 years later, they cannot exercise, they cannot work out. And that I learned what I can do to get better and then that feeling immediately went away because now it went from, okay, there is nothing I can do about this to, okay, I know exactly.  what I need to do and I've been getting better ever since. So in your life, if you ever feel terrible, if you ever feel close to the press store, anything like that, it's, I bet, a lot of the time is going to be because you don't know how to get out of your situation. If you knew exactly what to do, and if I told you if you do this, for sure 100% guaranteed, you will get better and you will never feel miserable ever again and forever, you will feel happy in permanent bliss living your dream life. I think you will no longer be depressed. Even if your actual physical circumstances, your actual situation did not change, but it's just my mindset, but you know, okay, it's gonna be over. There's a certain amount of time after which it's gonna be over. And I remember with a different injury that I had years ago, I thought I was gonna get better in maybe like three days and then I found out it was gonna take something like a month or three weeks. And it's, it's like expectate.  Immediately, I just went from, oh, okay, there's nothing, like I'm gonna get better very quickly too. Okay, this is gonna take forever. But the actual circumstance did not change. And this was a long time ago, and I recovered from that injury. It was my back, Ashley got better. And I think it was me 10 days or something like that. But it was the expectation. I expected to get better really soon. And now it turns out it's gonna take much, much longer. So I think if you change your expectations about life overall, you're gonna be better and you're gonna feel better too. Which brings me back to having this mindset of being a conqueror because as a conqueror, you always expect things to go wrong. So you're never upset or surprised off. Well, I was trying to conquer my mind. I expected that to be easy. No, conquering is difficult. It's hard. So if you accept that and you understand that's how it works, then nothing is going to negatively surprise you. And there are four of us.  After all, you will not feel miserable, miserably every single day indefinitely. So to sum up, entertains guide to being happy number one, be in a good physical shape. Absolutely agree with that. Number two, make as much money as you can. And number three, make people around you smile. Now I would say that the second more important thing than making a lot of money is to take care of your family. I think if you are making money but you are feeling absolutely lonely, I think you are going about it the wrong way. I think you want to either be around family or if your family is difficult, then you need to have a group of friends, people that you work with, find someone who you work with. Yeah, if you feel lonely and you're making money but you feel lonely, I guarantee you're going to feel miserable. But if your health is fairly decent and you don't feel lonely and you have fairly good friends but you don't make that much money, I guarantee you, you will feel much much much happier.  So I would flip the third one with the second, I would say the, I think people around you, that's more important than how much money you make, because if you have good people around you, you will make money, is just how it is. And then the next thing that Andrew Tate talked about, you talked about how if you are a thief, you are afraid of everyone because you think everyone is a thief. I think there is definitely truth in that. But also at the same time, you don't want to be so naive, thinking that every single person is a good person out there, because there are some truly horrible people out there. And luckily, it's a small minority out of people, but you do need to protect yourself. But generally speaking, yes, absolutely. Most people are, I believe, are good people. So for a guy that has been accused of terrible things, Andrew, he, I think you're teaching fairly sensible and reasonable things, we've got in good physical shape and then make as much money as possible and then treat all the people around you nicely. That seems...  Pretty good to me. Now, it's actually guilty or innocent. My... well the law generally says innocent until proven guilty, so I will wait for the result from the courts.