 Music What is up guys and welcome back to another video a video which has been asked for many times this is part two of my most viewed video of all time Less one here 10 million views I've been trying to make this happen for a while but obviously We've been in different places different times but now the main man is back So here we are once again the exact same spot where we met three years ago What the famous line was said  reviews on the colours, some people said they like it, some people said they don't like it and I said, well what colour is your baguette? It's funny because the last time we actually filmed this video I had no idea what was going to happen afterwards, this was before you can't pull it up. So what was going to be a casual video turned out to be an absolutely massive one. Today I'm expecting nothing less, it's going to be another baguette. It's been a while, it's been a while, I've been here three years. It's too wealthy, familiar friend. Well good bro. There's car park was empty your last time. The bike is getting busier, it's getting busier. Everyone's moving here. Where else is it a lift? Well you've been everywhere, I've been in jail, you've been everywhere. So tell me, have you seen anywhere that compares to the bike? You know what, I was recently in Miami, Miami was pretty cool. But Miami is just a bike plus criminals. Like you're sure. I'm dirty.  It's still better. Yeah. This was well-looked after. Yeah, they didn't get hold of this. The police tried very hard to seize this car. They sent letters all around the world. But they couldn't get hold of it. So we're reunited. This is good. Arguably the most famous part in the world. I can't think of another car even close to me on this. I think it might be the most famous car in the world. So it looks like I did choose well with the color after all. You did. And that saying went ridiculously everywhere. What colors you're regarding. Remember I said that to you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was everywhere. I'm surprised though, because I think since I got mining a unique color, I expected to start seeing loads more colorful ones. Yeah. But people who buy them still just get red black and or they don't drive them. I know a couple guys with bagaddies and they don't drive it. They're like, oh, maybe once a year is gay. No. Is that you? Someone else who I know who properly drives these cars. That keeps the shit out of mine. Yeah. I abused this. What's for? Yeah. So no abusing women, but abusing bagaddies. You're going to rest me for that. The abusing women shits all alive. Abusing bagaddy, 100% kills.  Did you come here, Jail? Did it? Oh, it's cold. Yeah. Oh, got the yard in the zone. Oh, it's a bit of a sight you see, though. I'm not afraid to do that in that. I must just enough to open it. If you have bottles of water. Nice idea. It's a key for working cable. Almost very cold for it, too. As you can see, you're about to storage in the bedding. That's a fire extinguisher. Yeah, that's open to us to sell a fire. I'm out of due car, I sell a fire, though. Yeah. I'm out of couple of the barracks for now. I just go do a new birthday I must meet. Let's try to avoid that. Yeah. You want that? Yeah, like Dubai globally, I don't think any work in matcha as a city. I, I, it has everything. What is it really missing? There's a lot of people who say it's missing soul or it feels fake, but those people are very often just broke and sad. Because the soul of Dubai is endless winning. That's the soul of Dubai. The soul of Dubai is competing in the hardest possible flex market to still somehow win and be relevant. That's the soul of Dubai.  device competitive. So I agree that Europe has a soul and you feel it because there is history and you know a certain culture and certain things that make Europe feel a particular way however once that's been flooded with Futt Noesoo from Futt Noeswaire and you get stabbed to death on the street I mean is there really worth it? Are you really gonna allow your children to risk being stabbed to death as they walk to school during a knife crime epidemic? Because you see there's not enough soul in Dubai like where you came. Like what are you talking about? What's the soul of London? Chicken chip shops? Exactly. Right so it's guys soul. Yeah of course. You've got to London now whereas if you were there like 10 years ago 20 years ago you feel British you feel this sense of pride but now it's like what the fuck am I doing? It's done and you're right it was only 10 years ago London was one of the best cities in the world now it's completely finished so it's very interesting when people talk about Dubai not having a soul because you're right Europe has lost its soul.  and just declined into a communist police state. Did you enjoy the time in America? It was brief, but... America is a very... When I'm in America, I feel like I'm in an unpredictable chaotic environment. Dubai feels peaceful to me, because in Dubai, all of the energy, all the collective energy is going towards improving the city and attracting as many wealthy people as possible and solving problems. In America, in fact in most democratic countries, but as most tangible in America, most of the energy is going towards this constant, never-ending civil war, ultimocracy. So you have the smartest people in America who are constantly trying to win an election, trying to win a midterm, trying to get one-up on each other, trying to get media against the other one, arresting political opponents, trying to draw up cases on me because I'm affiliated with whoever, it's like a constant fight all the time. And it's very decentralized, like you don't know who to rule.  I trump can be like yeah I'm cool with you but then some low idiot nobody a G It starts sending letters around with your name all over it because he's a jackass trying to make a name for himself And he's upset that his wife pegs And then you have to make it clear that he's a pussy And so you're sitting around like what the fuck is this is this a country like who's the who's the boss here? We have captain peg running his mouth on fucking television I don't give a fucking wrong I'm passing I've taken my vaccine you can't threaten you I'm done I don't give a sh** But I don't know it just feels chaotic America. I can't explain it. I think so much of what's going on feels like I'm in a worsen I feel like I'm on edge I feel like I can't walk around with my earphones in just blissfully walking around like I always feel like I have to be looking around How much a logistical case of me was the fuck it popped me for whatever reason Well that's right I'm always made enemies and some more Of course you do and there's a lot of people who just want money or just want cloud and there's three times  Sometimes the people, right, there's people, there's places where you have to fear the criminals, there's places where you have to fear the government. So places you have to fear the criminals is like England, no matter what's going to be a police. Place you have to fear the government, let you pan. You've got fear criminals, but if you fuck with the Japanese police, you're gonna jail forever. And then there's places like America, we go fear both. We go fear the government and the criminals. Like everyone's trying to get you. Everyone wants your money, everyone wants to deal with you. Like it's kind of like a double whammy. I mean obviously it's my home country, it's the land of opportunity, I'm super glad Trump won, of course. But the bias is peaceful, there's none of this political infighting, none of this garbage, everybody has their head on straight, nobody's talking shit. And everyone's just focused on building more roads and building more luxury, accommodation for the millionaires who are ex-adjusting the West. We know I'm ass, I mean everyone's leaving. I've noticed as well things at the break quickly. There's no fucking around, like in other places, particularly the UK, if they want to change something or they want to build something, it's like, we need to sit down in a room with like 50 people.  and discuss for months on it whether or not we should do this and by the end of it nothing happens then you just waste everyone's time and money 100% the bottom line of all this is that democracy is inefficient compared to on our rule and the point of on our rule is I said do this yes sir let's do it democracy is a bunch of people talking it's inefficient we accept the inefficiency because it allows us to choose our ruler but doesn't this is to think if we don't get even fair votes if we don't get to choose someone who actually has power if choosing the prime minister doesn't change anything because the bank's too secretive charge then why are we dealing with all the brutal inefficiency? and then you understand this because the brutal inefficiency allows them to mask the plundering they just steal all of them are just raping the western governments and stealing as much as possible USA just highlighted that I mean why would the king of Dubai steal from Dubai? I mean I'll make himself rich because we're human but he wants he's sitting to do well or is anyone who gets any kind of ministerial position in a western government knows they have a few short years  at most to retire their entire bloodline. So it's a big theft based and that's been highlighted in America and it's happening absolutely everywhere else also. So yeah once you lose the ability to even truly choose your leader you start to realize how ridiculous and efficient and constantly argumentative democracy is. Now it's like Trump just won and they're already talking about law the meat terms are coming up if you're prepared for the midterms they prepare for another election they just won I thought I thought it was going to be fixing the country but he's too busy now he has to campaign all over again. It's wild. But this truly is. So with you the moment where are you allowed to go and all those? Yeah good question so first thing I'm gonna try it do I'm gonna try and go where this satnam tells me because Dubai roads Dubai roads is the one thing I say about Dubai you miss a turn. It's that's turning you. Yeah 20 minutes off an hour. I did. And it's never clear what turn it is.  Yeah, so I could technically travel anywhere I want I know anywhere I want as long as I check into Romania when they ask me to But I have to be selected with where I go because there are certain other nation states that are interested in speaking with me Not because I've done it wrong, but because I've upset the agenda Yeah, what you know a dying man Will try any medication when someone's dying. They'll try anything and right now what great Britain is doing because it's dying It's lost the second most millionaires in the world last year all the money's leading Crimes at control drugs or I control please can't keep up with anything Morals at an all-time low Political stability is at all-time low Education's at an all-time low at the NHS you can laugh at like the whole place is done They really did not like you either. Oh, especially you had the kids in school asking the teachers what colors you want to get here The main yet What could they say Mike to that right? I have an all-time big problem with England is that They can't fix their problems  So what they want to do is deal with the person who highlights the problems, which is me. They can't fix any of this. So they're saying, well, who's talking about this? This guy, well, we can't fix this. Let's make this at least make the guy point it out. And that's why they're trying to pretend I'm somehow dangerous. Not the people who stab everyone on the street. Not the people who do drugs. Not a little migraine surviving by boat without passports. No, me, the man with no criminal conviction who talks on the internet about getting strong and sticking up for you believe in. I'm the bad guy. So then what they do is once they decide to take you take a man down is a call 100 ex girlfriends or a hundred women you do. And they only need a 1% success rate. They only need one out of the 100, one out of a thousand. They can go with a 0.1% success rate. They can get one silly bitch to lie. Not your fucked. It's crazy because 27% of women are an antidepressant. So they're basically, they're basically clinically nuts. So 27 of that 100.  Can't even think straight because they're on drugs. Yeah, and that's that's prescription drugs to get recreational drugs That's when we 70% And you're telling me when you're famous and rich they can't find some bitter ex girlfriend full of fucking value To tell a lie to wreck your life of course again And that's what they do. They just go through they use women as the weapon women are the agents of Satan in this way And they say a woman down and say didn't ever hurt you and even if you she says no They'll say well look you're a trouble if you don't say you did and women shit their pants And they're like well, yeah, my bills I haven't talked to him anymore. I'm scared and they just sign and they wreck you So the whole things is set up Yeah, well, how can you even deal with that though like surely you this very No, it's a tiny circle of people you actually trust though. Oh absolutely. I mean just put me off talking to girls That's the fuck it sure Yeah, like when girls come up to me and it's funny since I became a human trafficker The amount of female attention I get is unprecedented and it's fucking ridiculous I see it. I see videos women are I think  Baby, you for foes, offer me their numbers, everything women are all over me. They all say, please, you've been traffic me and all this shit. I'm like, I'm retired. Like, I get endless females begging for me, but it's just now is the juice worth squeeze. Yeah. You know, like, what am I going to do? What's going to end up happening? We're going to have sex, which is me putting in the work for. Who gives a shit? I'm giving. I'm a game. You'll give it to your energy. That's right. I'm going to end up probably paying her bills or paying her dinners. I have to protect and provide for her. I'm at risk. She gets clout. Like, what do I get out of any of these? So women become far less interesting. So it's kind of, it's kind of the age old added, you know, like when you're broke, you really want money, then you get some money. You don't really care. Or when you want pussy, it's the most important thing in the world. And once you have girls, you don't want them. Yeah. It's like, it's like human nature. It was like one of those things in life where when you're young, it's like the thing, one of the things you want the most than once you get it and experience it. Like, well, actually, this is, it's not just a low work. That's right. So then you have to go deeper down and find out what's actually.  living for and children is one of them. Purpose is the other one and if you're gonna analyze purpose purpose is often gonna come with some degree of war or some level. There's no such thing as like without dark. There's never been a king in human history who had a kingdom he didn't have to defend. As soon as you become a king that's it. You're the king. Oh great and everyone's looking at you. It's a sort of damage. These everyone's looking at you and jealous of you. Everyone knows who he is and he's decaying and he's famous. He's getting really wonky. He has hundreds of millions of dollars. The stuff is yeah that's all great but you have to prepare for war permanently. I kind of think maybe there's balance in the universe whereas the people who couldn't handle the problems would never end up in the position where they have those problems. Does that make sense? Yeah yeah yeah. You can't deal with the stress. It will. You'll walk away. Yeah you've run away from it. Yeah. So like you earn everything you have in this life and you earn your kingdom and you earn protecting your kingdom. So I was saying to you and I was saying to a lot of people on interviews before I got arrested. They're gonna come for me. I know I know how the world works.  Like the world is a battle for influence at all times. And I had influence and I was unchecked. They kept trying to offer me money for sponsorship deals to make me sell out to Israel or sell out to LGBT or whoever. I kept saying no to the money. Sooner or later, they're like, oh this jackass thing is he's smart, teach him a lesson. I know how the world works. Well I admire the fact that you did not give up. You just kept going. I know the real you, I know what you're like and all this bullshit that was being spread. I was like it's just, it's all false. My people were falling for it and I was like you don't fucking know the guy. Well there's even taking the time to sit in the listen to a podcast that he's done. 100% and I think with, I think with me there is a revenge of the nerds factor. I think there's some degree of this guy. You know he's, he's a guy. He's a revenge of the nerds factor. I think you know there's some degree of this guy. You know he's big, he's my own and he's clearly smart and he's very successful. So the only thing.  they can say bad about me is I'm a bad person. Morality. I can't attract any of my achievements. So they're like okay well he's a bad person though. Why? Because of this old video there's three seconds of a four-eight-minute video where this is literally blowing children to fucking pieces and gauze right now. What planner you want? Yeah. And if you look through anyone's life, everybody has skeletons. I would argue that considering mine have been heir to the world by federal agencies. They're really not that bad. What are they hold you to videos and a few private WhatsApp's who trust in where I call stupid bitches stupid bitch. She was stupid. I don't remember anything I say because she's a fucking idiot. I don't know what they expect me to do. Like bend over and say sorry. I don't give a fuck. I mean what I say I say what I mean. And there's a whole bunch of people out here with works to meet all the fucking BBC reporters. They got child porn at their closets. What the fuck they coming at me for? And nobody's mad at them. No one's writing about you Edwards or Philip Scofield and how their piece of shit ever lets them.  But they're gonna attack me all day and I think a lot of that's because my bikinis in their face and they go so there's a revenge of the nerds element to all of this but I also don't think they realize all the haters how much they help my brand because there's no like that dark and there's a lot of conversation around me and you can't have a conversation unless someone thinks yes and something's no that causes to paint but I just benefit in the end of the day I don't give a shit so you know the year that's the year itself when you blew up is there anything you want to done differently because to some extent you had no control over what clips were getting chopped up and put out there like yeah you're right to some extent I mean maybe I could have had the foresight to go through all my old content ever I've got to close the 10 years of videos like and find the few seconds that will end up but then you never know what's gonna go viral like that off the cuff remark about what colors are big haddy I never  I did see it 10 million times. It's everywhere. So you never know what's gonna really go viral. And also, like I'm from the street, I'm from Luton. I grew up. We make jokes. We have dark sense of humor. Like the jokes that me and my friends and our people find funny. Yeah, yeah. It's just, there's always gonna be some dickhead on the internet who's gonna pretend it's the worst thing ever. Like my friendship group is named racism. That's what the group chats call. Like that's the kind of stuff we do. So even if I would have had the foresight, I would have gone through and gone, oh, that's just funny. Yeah. That's just a joke. People could not understand that you were just fucking around and it's like satire. It's not real. It's just a joke. It's like comedians. So you get off the hook because it's their job. They're comedians. They could save wild shit. But for some reason, you're not allowed to. Yeah. And I think it's once again, it's selective outrage. It's false, morality. It's actually weaponized, morality. When someone's trying to call you a bad person, they pretend they're holier than vow. And they sit there and they go, oh, this person.  It's bad to look at this joke, but as if that guy and souling me isn't watching porn and yelling at his wife Like everyone's human. Yeah, I could have fuck all these people to even Crowd stones, but you know, I think every corner style come to realize that's what you're like is You were I'm real you were completely Like before you popped off then you popped off then everybody was analyzing what you were saying Then there was a cancellation and then I think there was a phase where you kind of had to read brandy Self a little bit because everybody was literally trying to get you for anything for anything and then now it's kind of gone back to the way and I think the world in general is You know that the novice maybe not as sensitive as it used to be because it definitely a couple years ago when the whole World culture was it's pink it was just you can say anything You couldn't say anything you couldn't do anything you couldn't point out objective reality I mean once you once you had to pretend a man was a woman because he put a wig on Well now you can't say anything that's just we're living in a full false paradigm the absolute  slave life was injected, the slave life was inflicted upon the entire population. And there are people who will say you're a bad person for pointing out objective reality saying a trans person is not really trans, you're a bad person. Or for saying that women are not as good a drive, you're not as strong as men, makes you a bad person. No, it makes you a realist. And if you're a realist, you're going to say certain things, but you're going to upset others. Like I like to pride myself on being hyper-realistic. So are some of my opinions racist misogynistic or homophobic? Yes, I guess. Because I'm realistic, I'm realist. Yeah, and you're underpologetically yourself. I'm underpologetically about it because I believe that that's how you win in this world to be as competitive as possible. You need the best data set, the best data set, really. So, and I'm not saying exceptions don't disparute the rules. Of course, you can get a supercar blonde here, someone in here, and you can drive great. Of course, I'm talking in general. If you're in general, because you have to make general points, when you're on the internet, you can't make a point. Because people have said this.  to me to say, oh, he makes such generalized points. And what about this person? Well, exceptions don't disprove the rule. If I say the sky is blue, everyone knows I'm talking about. I can't talk. I can't get my point across if I say the sky is blue, unless it's raining, then it's gray, unless it's a sunset, then it's red. But most of the time it's blue, but sometimes it's other colors. Like, how do you talk that way? Yeah. So I just say, women can't drive, because most of them fucking can't. Sorry, Keir, Starner, if I had it to the fucking criminal file, if they can't fucking drive. I don't trust them. So what's the situation with your social media accounts? Because I don't understand. After especially after Trump came into power, and he was pushing free speech, and then Zuckerberg was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, we also agree with the whole free speech thing. Why the fuck do you not go to your Instagram, man? That's a great question. And I don't want to insult Suck. I don't know, it was the entire story, but for what I've seen, it looks like he bent to the wills of the Democrats and do whatever they wanted, censored everyone, and spread everyone.  life and hid Hunter Biden's laptop and hid COVID and literally did genuine damage to the American population. But like he did criminal acts. This is criminal. And now the Republicans come along, he's flipped 180 and he's pretending how much of him if this is actually genuine from him and how much of it he's trying to save his own skin and flip it back and forth. I don't know. But he hasn't been stored me. So I guess I says along because he should restore me but I'm banned on YouTube also, I'm banned on TikTok also, I'm banned on Skype, I'm banned on Uber, I'm banned on Gmail, I'm banned on WhatsApp, I'm banned on Airbnb, you name an app, I'm banned. Well I remember there was a phase after the cancellation where they they were deleting or shadow burning accounts. Wait, wait, we just made the wrong turn. We just did it. Let's listen to how much XCM5 ads. Hey, there we are. Yeah, so there was a phase where anybody who was uploading  with your face, with your voice, I don't know, fuck they were able to detect it. It was getting removed and then there's accounts also getting shadow banned. But I feel like it's nice things that used to be anyone. No, it's not with YouTube and metal. With YouTube and metal you can get away with folks to me. But TikTok you can. TikTok, TikTok to be fair. I mean there was a time it was TikTok. There was a time I ran. Oh yeah, you was a TikTok. You can get rid of me. And TikTok got very upset by that for a few reasons. One, I think because they launched TikTok, Store. And I was selling obviously my school which teaches people how to make money online. Buy a TikTok and I wasn't using their store. So I made hundreds of millions of dollars without TikTok getting a penny. Which pissed them off. That's the first thing. And I feel like no one can do to TikTok. Well I did. I think they changed everything to make sure no one else pulls that off again. Yeah, you literally changed the game. I literally changed the game. And then TikTok was going to get banned.  the American government. They were in Senate and they were talking about how dangerous TikTok is, the Chinese own it, and all this shit, whether that's true or false, but at the time the Democrats were in charge and the Democrats don't like me. So TikTok was desperate to save its skin to give it to me. And I would argue that TikTok is the only platform that has successfully got rid of me. Like meta hasn't banned, me YouTube hasn't banned me, I'm all over. I'm all the people post me, I'm all over it. But TikTok, you can't post anything of me. They won't take it down so fast. And not just me, it can be a cartoon version of me. It can be me with a voice changer. It can be me in virgins so that, hey, I can't detect it. Give me the back of my head. It can be my Bugatti. It can be my house in Romania. It can be anything associated with me. But it's weird though, because technically it's owned by China, so what? I wouldn't imagine China got a problem with you. No, I don't think China do, but they were just trying to keep their app. I don't think they're poor. Fuck it out. It's a bi-room. It's a bi. It goes beyond.  uh, uh, don't have a no three, you sure want to hurry? Yeah. Open on up up into park and shit. If you've got the jet there, waiting for us. Where we off to? Hey, it's back. It's back collecting our wives. Look at that, sir. Um, yeah, so we're in the airport. But uh, Tik Tok has successfully banned me, but I think they were just trying to save their skin because they were scared of getting banned and they got banned anyway. And now there's a vibe being going through a lot of different billionaires are putting in bodies to try and get Tik Tok. There's a guy called Rick. He's an American billionaire out of Wisconsin. I looked him up. I didn't really know much about him, but I was just researching who's going to buy Tik Tok and I looked him up and he seems like a good guy. He really wants to make a American, uh, Tik Tok American again seems really patriotic. So I hope he gets it and then I hope free speech comes back. There is nothing the news can say about somebody that I will instantly believe. I just don't believe them. I'm like, I don't care what you say because you lie. Or the moment they go after someone, I'm like, okay, that actually was well-spectated.  Well, this is the thing in an empire of lives. You have to make the bad people look good and the good people look bad. Michelle Obama just launched her podcast. No one watches that. It won't make a butter. I thought she was a door because the media and the matrix and the machine convinces you that everyone loves Michelle Obama. Turns out, once you put her out in the free market, that idea is she's hated. Unless it's the inverse, the media, the newspapers will convince you that I am hated. I can't walk down the street without crowds screaming my name. I'm loved. So the good people March talked about as if they're bad. Like Trump. And the bad guys are talked about as if they're good. We're living in literally upside down. And they're doing that to keep us all center so that we can never gather our spirit and powers long enough to unite and prevent ourselves from being perma-fucked. Because that's what's happening now in Western democracy. See, average man is getting perma-fucked in every way. Because white doesn't respect him. The kids are getting-  burning bullshit in school. He has no chance of a retirement, no chance of being rich. He never respected the average man's going out there building the roads. And no one has respect for him. How can you sit in the sun all day long building roads? And when you meet a woman, her be like, I don't want to be the builder. I want to be with the guys of millionaire. Buy me an backpack. Bitch, those roads. You need roads. What the fuck do you do? Instagram selfies? Sup dick? Brother, they don't do anything these chicks, but they want to look down on men who do honest, hard labor. Like the whole world's fucked. And they want to keep us off kilters so no one realizes that. The reason they fear me so heavily is because I'm effectively a man's right actor. As I say, well men are allowed to want things too. They say, well we want a man who's rich and we want a man who's successful and high value and good looking and tall. That's what I want. I don't want home. Well, but then they lose their mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  I don't want a girl who's fine, I don't want a tunnel! You know, like, why are you not allowed to stand? Well, I think you came into the scene when it was needed most. That's one of the reasons why you had so much popularity, because like, fucking finally, someone is saying it, black someone is standing up for the men. Absolutely, and no one standing up for men, unless you remember, men, more men go to jail, more men come in to the side, more men are depressed, men's lives are much worse than women's lives. The average male life sucks, even if you're an average female, if you get in enough group, or if you're sexually liberating it enough, you'll end up on a millionaires table to live in a millionaires life as an average ass chick, cheerleader effect. We're gonna have three-nineteen of the seven who cares. You know, like, they're good to shit. As an average dude, that doesn't happen. So, yeah, as a man, it's this constant, never-ending quest to become the top 1% which is extremely difficult to do, and then you have a life worth living. But if you're a-  female you don't have that question the woman doesn't wake up the way I wake up I've already got a hundred to millions of dollars and I'm arguably one of the most well-known people on the planet and I've succeeded plenty but when I wake up in a morning I still have instant anxiety like shit so much to get done fuck okay back and the girls are wake up with girl girls however many there are they wake up and like yeah I'll take selfies today I'll take selfies today or they wake up with so much peace and so much time I like all high-precks I think I sit by the pool and work it out later and and that's actually beautiful because that's feminine I don't want a woman who wakes up like a soldier but the master in impaired is the opposite yeah it's so fucking competitive especially in today's world with social media even me just living out here like you look around you see how much wealth there is how many guys are kind of working on themselves self-improve but yeah  Even though I've achieved a fair amount there's still other people out there I'm thinking nah nah nah nah nah like I need to be I need to be the top dog Because if you're not like that woman doing your dating all you're seeing she's always gonna have her eyes looking around for Who's the best what she can get? Even if she's talking to a number of different guys. I always want to make sure I'm the top one and first choice That's the masculine imperative where we all want to be the king of the Empire and that's what built the modern world All of this shit Everything around us the roads were driving on the buildings we see electricity this spaghetti whatever you name the camera It doesn't matter what it is all of it was created and invented and built by men because men want to fuck that's it men Trying to access females built the entire world So it's a very powerful driving force Yeah, and it's so it's basically the driving force behind all things But now it's all completely skewed and there's a bunch of men who realize I'll never  stand a chance so they're checking out of the game. That's why you have 30% to 40% of men just don't even talk to girls anymore. Why deal with the risk and the headache, the bills and the problems of these entitled females who don't even have respect. For the honest hard work you put in as a full grown man. So Lambo would sneak under here. The Lambo would sneak under, but we got the Bigatti. Let's, we can try. I see you scared. I was about to fuck my Bigatti up to the video. You see my commitment, you see my commitment to the pod? How much of the new one's great? 400 grand, no big deal. Let's change it. Drive the carnage egg for a week. By the way, did we kind of, you ever reach out to you? Like, because that was probably the best marketing that they could have possibly ever wished for. It was, but you know what, we got to get your French. You know, he said he, he said we had things on the internet. They probably like it one side and the other side to probably cry in their eyes out. You know, they're French. How many French people do you like? I don't have any French friends. Me neither. I'm so long. Get it.  Believe it at that! I've sparked here? Yeah, yeah. Well, I think they owe you a brigade to be honest. I think they owe me a fucking couple! To be honest. Right, so oxygen gym opened a couple months ago. This is probably one of the best gyms in terms of the equipment. Just the size, the facility. No females, no music, strictly allow environment. No distractions. Sounds good. Sounds good. Brownie, we get out of here with 17 coffee at the day. Exactly. Two ice americanos and two ice lattes. Muscle sandwich. And a muscle sandwich. I have to try and compete with Mr. Big here. I'm trying to do my best. The reason I don't do videos is because what they do is they say, what can you do a video for my cousin Shane? And you say, oh, hey, Shane, good to see you soon, whatever, some bullshit. Shane then runs around and raises money for cryptocurrency. I'm telling you, you're fucking...  a business partner. What's happened to you twice bro? Twice and I am a game the court documents. I guess I've been a decor for fraud. What the fuck? I've been met this guy. I got this going on in Turkey right now. Some dude in Turkey took a selfie with me and raised a bunch of money. It's wasting it to a testimonial. Oh, wow. Is it an album? Can you do a video for my friend? I'm like no, no way. What's the best way to it? If someone's gonna approach you, how do they do it without a piece of new art? Yeah, a lot of them are okay and they're quite respectful. I think there's just a time in a place like we're filming something. They should see we're filming. We're about to eat with my kid. I mean with my kid. If I'm walking around I'm pretty okay. I try and do as many as I can. I don't like to say no. What I actually hate is when they run. Yeah, they're running behind. Yeah, they were standing there. You're like what the fuck? Yeah, it scares me. The buyouts are bad but when people were running up on me and Miami, that's something even the house is like fuck this. It's fucking big of money.  I am one of the traitors! He's... Push-ups there! This is it now? There's a couple of push-ups here and there. So let him take the workout today. That's right. Here we go. Here we go. For everything. Anything in particular you want to trade or just overall upper body? Good a boss, bro. I don't care. This is your specialty. A level super-in-line press. I just thought the kind of thing Mike would do. I'm just going to quickly do a couple drop sets of ISO lab on those super-in-line presses. This is super-in-line, but I'll call him shit. Here I am in my fucking swim shorts. With my watch off. That's doing my super-latches. Did you just warm up? I don't believe in warm-ups. I'm sorry. Can't do warm-ups. Let's go. Don't believe in warm-ups. It's a good smile. Coming from the guy with a fucking torn bicep. That's, yeah, that was round eight. I was warmed up by that. That was round eight. Warm-ups, I can't find religions.  guys should probably warm up. Listen to Mike, right? They'll listen to me. What is your like training routine like at the moment? Is it a routine? Or is it just staying at different places? And I can't go to public gym stories. What are we doing? This is stew vices. I'm sorry, it's just whatever I can get hold of. Most of the time it's just dumbbells. And I just fuck around with them in the garden. That's a different way. Yeah, I just get dumbbells and just shoulder presses. Yeah, I see. Yeah, I just do that for like a day. Why do that though, because you... Because I'm sitting down on my computer. And there's a lot of sitting down on the computer. That's what it's about to work to do. That's my workout regimen. It's like, what can I do at the same time as manage the empire? Coffee? Complete! Daydone! All right, so about eight kilos here. That's a lot.  How many do you do? Eight. You are pretty fucking strong. You press it. Am I? Alright, so we've got eight of you there. In the last video, Lord need to be broadly. Keep it up, but it's been alright. Eight. Eight. Eight. What's the strike? I don't know strength. Benchmarks. I don't know, but isn't 100 kilos like an objective for some people to bench? Like to pull one hundred kilo. Yeah, you know what I was a university. When I just signed up, my goal is to do 10 reps on a hundred kilo. And the moment I did that, I felt like I was a fucking man. It took nearly a year. I bet. But I remember when I did it. It was when I first held the ball. Yeah, you can hold the ball with you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.  Hey. Hey. Nice. Come on in. You got your goals right? Which is for the physique, the way you look, you're working on anything, or you're pretty content. I'm telling you bro, I like to train every day because it's good for my mind. But it depends on the day I have. If I'm in some random hotel and I have nothing, I just do push ups. If I have, like at home now, I have some dumbbells, like 12 kilo each. So I'll just do a couple thousand overhead presses. Come on up top. I just randomly choose what I've got at the day. I never go gym. About a time usually. You don't see it as random. You look more facially chiseled compared to last time. I think I've lost some weight though. I'm like 91 kilo now. I used to be like 95. I'm 91 now. So I'm getting skinny. I used to stress. Again, still one meal a day. And coffees.  Speaking of, thank you. Look at that. Swatman. Yes please. Review the ball span on here. Show us what you can do. So you want to do set. Come on, come on. Let's do it. It's a good thing. You're gonna set the record on your own. Try and beat it. Let's put 30 on each side so it's 60 kilo. Do as many as you can and we're gonna try and do. So let's take one of the 20s. Yeah, one of the side. Do you wanna warm up? You're gonna be okay. It's fine. It's fine. You better run into warm up. He's my bodyguard. He's been a time for warm up on the street. Okay, it goes and goes. He's been a time to start stretching. All right. Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Endurance. That's what you're gonna do. That's what I'm gonna try endurance. It's my only chance of winning. It's my only chance of winning. This is my- It's gonna set the record. This is gonna set the record. I'm gonna try and beat it. Going second gives you...  You know that, Josh. Yes, sir. 20. Come on. Push. 25. You do know that going second is a huge cheer. I'm going to admit now that going second makes it easy because I'm definitely going to do 26. 100% of you do 26. And if I went first, I would have done 25 and he would have done 26. That's what's annoying about it. Going second is a cheat. So it's for the next one I have to go first, I guess. 26. If I do try and make it so, I do it like...  Like this like middle kind of heavy weight goes and loads and loads of reps. Yeah. I never go heavy because I hurt myself. I don't know how close to you get to your max that I hurt myself. It's about a form of a technique. Oh, I have that. Yeah. I don't have four more technique. I just move it. I've got 17 years of perfected ball. So I know, of course, I know what I can handle. I've got 17 copies. Yeah. Oh. It's quite strong, eh? It is. It's got to be out of date. Both. It's quite strong. I whenever it comes to endurance, he'll smoke me. Am I doing this? Am I doing it like this? Push down. Cool. Up with it. There we go. That's better. Slow down. I'll slow it down. We're going to get it all fast with these. We did it. We did it up. Does it? Do you build a different kind of muscle, depending on the speed you do? Yeah, you've just got a number one.  There's more tension on the work on muscle. Number two, when you slow down your more control, you have more time to think about which fibres you're doing the work. Sometimes you feel so fast, you car control what is doing what? I would, 100% agree with that. Yeah. I just feel like, and I know nothing, in case this goes viral in the fitness community. Pfft. But I think, hmm, fuck off, don'ts. You know. You get the size, the fitness science community. I feel like if I do it quickly, I build muscle that's quick. Is that, is that real? If you're doing fast explosive reps, then you're working on that explosive power. Just try to be as fast as possible, you know, because big men coming after me, I've got to just be quick. Yeah. I'm fucked. I'll be like, come in, come in, come in. Come in. Would you ever get back to the ring? Yeah, I'm going to have, I mean, I've been offered $100 million. I'm going to have to go beat some of that for $100 million, man. Who would you want it to be? For who I've been? $100 million.  Yeah, I don't get fat on my now, I don't get fat cool. Who do I want? Who do I dislike? I'm full of love, I don't dislike you. I don't like, there's a whole bunch of people who dislike me and talk shit about me. I don't care. I have no emotional interests in other people. I'm too selfish to dislike anyone. What would you rock? I'm your fuck. Would it be Jake Full, Gregor, mate with it? I mean, those are names that would sell. So I guess whoever pays me 100 mil would want to choose a name that sells for obvious reasons. Do I want to fight, do I want to hurt these people, though? Well, the thing is as well, there is quite a lot to lose. If you would imagine, if you got knocked out, you lose a lot of horror. It's true, but I wouldn't happen. Yeah. It's true, but that's impossible. You can't. Good up that mate. It's impossible, it's not gonna happen. I'm not worried about that, that's imaginary. It's not safe. It's like a struck by lightning, that's not real. I'll win, there's no doubt about it, I'll win. It's just who do I want to win over?  We'll see. But no, I've still got fights ongoing. I'm fighting the legal system. I've already got my fights right now. I've got battles. I've got enough going on. Nice. Training like Mike T. So weird doing it slow. Burn's over, isn't it? I suppose it's a different burn. It feels just different, yeah. It is fucking boring. But I love it. I don't know what I just fucking wrote. Now I've gotten, and I need, and you know what? I've been working pretty hard. I need to enjoy my life as well, like. Remember last time, what I was saying, like, you ever get some downtime? You were like, oh, I should probably take the, paint out of your book, sit around the pool. Yeah, Mr. Fucking Muscle Squad of Pool, Mr. Fucking Muscle Squad of Pool, Mr. Fucking Muscle Squad of Pool.  She showed his fucking girl, she's on Instagram. I don't know him, Mr. Fucking Thurston. When am I at the pool, never. Where's my women at home? Did he even get tired? Not by yourself. Not, I have never seen you alone unless you're just in a room filming something. Literally none. If I like yesterday, every day somehow ends up being full. Like it's ridiculous. I woke up today at like six, six, 30. I had to go do a second part of medical tests for here. I had to go film collecting a bunch of watches. I did that. And then I went home, got the bagaday, I came here to see you. I'm with you till eight or nine. And then I have to meet a friend around 10. I'll go to bed or like one. And I'll be up to six again every day for some. I have no time for anything. You do, Mr. I don't know if I'd be bored. Maybe I do, I do kind of miss it. Sometimes I feel like it'd be nice to just get the car and go drive around with my chick or whatever like I used to. But even if you yourself just have a conversation when I thought that it would be in my head down there, look, it's in my... good impression. I got a red shirt and пр力. I know I'll let you guys know when I'm tarmed. I'm been nicer. I'm not improving by that.  I'm flexing the thing. Yeah, I don't know. When the fuck do you get to think these things? Don't have any of that. No. None of that unfortunately. Every day is ridiculous, I, and I say that and they go, it can't really be every day. It literally is every day is ridiculous. I remember when you hit last time, when we went into a couple parties, still like, it was worth to be done. You couldn't, you had like a table full of girls wanted to talk to you and you were like, nah, I got business to deal with. 100%. Girls don't pay my bills, I pay theirs. Fuck them. What do women give me? I mean, I need children. Cause I'm gang is gone and I walk for 30, 40 kids. But besides women, I can't think of anything that a woman adds to my life. People will say emotional support, that's a fucking lie. You know where you get emotional support from? Your brother's in guys. You go to your fucking chick for emotional support. She just leaves. If you have a problem, the best you can do is say, oh, it'll be fine. It'll be okay. Back to Netflix. Then it'll be a fuck. What do women add to my life besides children? Cameron.  kids. I don't really want to be sitting around talking to some bitch and fucking taking her making awesome, buying her shit. Yeah. Maybe I'm boring. I just like, this is boring. I don't see what I'm getting out of this. Boyfriend of the year. I was like, you're basically a billionaire and like, yeah, I'm basically a billionaire and you go nowhere. Sit home. I was a sucker for that, but it, like, that's like a week ago, like, to entertain. Yeah. Make sure she has a great time. 100% and what do you get at the end of it? Nothing. I can say it's easy to be the way to work for really 100%. Even some dudes think they get sex, but I don't think you get sex. The man thinks you get sex. Women want sex more than men do. And we're giving it to them. We do all the work. I know, if I have boring sex, I'll try and trade legs. Yeah, you're fucked. It's not the best leg to work. Yeah. So, I just want children and to work on my empire until the eventually shoot me. Maybe when I do these slow enough, my muscles will become bulletproof.  I can pull it's a belt so for me. Is that nine? Maybe. Maybe. But yeah, like sometimes I have to go to a beach club, have a shoe show, whatever. But I'm trying to think what I do for fun. Driving cars is the only thing I do for fun. And I only do that in Europe because it's the only place you can race around. It's 300 miles an hour. And the buy there's no point in even, you can't even drive fast. I wouldn't just buy it at Black Points. You just get pep at the fines. Yeah. But it's not the most scenic. No, but like I like the bendy mountain roads through Dracula. Like you have to come remaining at one time. I have to show it to you. And I'm not saying it's better than anywhere else you've been. I am just saying that it's unique. Because most places in the world nowadays feel the same. If you go to Ibiza, Nick and Austin, you're in a beach club. How different is it? It's the same. If you go to a high street in France or Germany, same store, same shop, same golf feels the same. Romania is one of those.  places on the planet where you look around and go, okay, I'm never going to be anywhere like this. It feels unique, which makes it cool. That's hard to find out. So we'll race on the mountains and we'll sleep and drive to this castle, we'll play poker, time bankrupt you. We fun. You're cool with that castle here. We were building a castle. You're using hamburgs. Where did you get the meat? No, not hamburgers. But if hungry, I do not own any castles and hungry. Well, they're half-sum. We've been in. I'm such a troll. I can't help it. When I'm sick with the cops, and I'm just like, you know you didn't find all my stuff. I just have to tell them. I just can't stop myself. You know when you're like a kid and your parents are telling you off, and they're saying, you better not talk again. And you're just like, and you can't help it. That's me sitting there with the police. I do have three castles. No, that's me. That's me sitting there with the police. They're like, oh, and we're going to seize this much for meals. Like you didn't find anything. So fucking take it. I got a big mouth. I can't help. You don't think that? No, that's funny though. It's a thing. Can I borrow your present?  Thank you for your service. Thank you bro. I found my long lost brother. Mr. Tape, the real top G. Your breakfast in my car, right? Oh really? Yeah. Which car should I be going? I love you man. Thank you. I could do my thing. Thanks guys. Thanks bro. It's like a better road. But you asked to support it. Sick. Just better over road. I don't actually want to be like one more. Tell the muscles what's going to happen. Then I'll let them. My muscles are not allowed to know in advance. You got to shock them. So like I have to quickly like the punch is coming. Fuck. You know? No more months. I do need coffee. How old are you now? Oh I'm not a fucks ex. 30. Such a female. 35, 36. 34. 35 this year. I was told when this happened that your elasticity and your tendonis decreases as you age.  and once your past third is common, it's injury. The bicep, they say happens a lot of tennis players. Yeah, anybody who plays football, based ruin their Achilles, you've already been getting more fragile, but I don't know when the primers, I don't think I've even picked the primers. I feel strong as fuck, if I didn't have this, but this is even bothering me really. I can feel I lost a strength in my left arm a bit, but people just mention it all the time, but I feel just as good. The only thing I know is, is I heal so much about that now. If you've got the money and the resources, it's only I can just get rich. What are these stem cells or something? Yeah, it's stem cells. Are they good? It's really hard to try and see, okay, so how much have they affected it? But I would say I'm definitely, I feel stronger. Yeah, and I have more energy. It's stem cells, maybe I should try that. Because currently it's just coffee and cigars.  I mean coffee and cigars, you combine the two nicotine plus caffeine, it's all equal and pleasure. Yeah, and testosterone. testosterone which I have naturally, I don't take anything. You know more plates more dates, he's, he's uh, yeah, I've done a blood test with him, it's probably his coming out soon. Oh really, so you're gonna make a video? Yeah. See what's in the system, van der Tee. Coffee. Coffee, I'm gonna believe you, coffee and cigars. I'm gonna buy. Alright, fix all of this stuff, soon I start filming myself, when I start YouTube in 2016. I was like, oh shit, I'm gonna get called out here, so I didn't expect you all to do it right now. But um, I do, I do box a lot, I do it for a time to reap. Are you leaving? Yeah, you, you're a box. A little bit. Kickboxer actually, I just stopped kicking, it's not easy. Kickstick too much in here. Can you still get your leg high? I can still do it, but I just prefer a punch. Nice. Cause I can punch in the garden, since you can kickbox, you need...  like a knife. The guard you just put shoes on puts us on. So straight back so we should feed a little bit higher up. Straighten the pull on your house. Straighten them. I'm a gift seeker. Let's go. Ha. Much better. There's so much technique involved. Yes. Yeah, very good. Well, everyone who teaches me how to punch I would treat some shit to that, but no. Oh, and they were shit, but there's a way to do it and there's a way to do it. When it comes to fighting, anyone can hit hard. Like, any jackass on the street can come up and hit me in the face, it's gonna fucking hurt.  The R is not getting hit and also being able to be as energy efficient as possible so you can punch for as long as possible. That's the thing. If you pivot and use your weight and you can get a hard punch without... Because if you do this you get tired. That's all it is. Stammer. Fight and stamina. If you're fighting in a club that doesn't matter, you gotta look for like 20 seconds to just open. So... A lot of people, we did that last video. The amount of comments people saying that you're a good coach. Yeah. Yeah. Should open a gym shouldn't I? Tates. Tates hell pair. When people come to suffer and die. Is the the war room still there? The war room still going strong. The vibe is full of war room members. It's got like 100 members there. See them everywhere. It's kind of like fight club. You know Tyler Dirty. He keeps running into people. People keep coming out to me. I'm in the war room. I'm like... Crazy. It was funny. There was... I flew up. There was a lot of people.  trying to imitate you. Like they would, trying to be either next. Especially when you were off the scene, you were in jail, everyone's like, ah, who's gonna take the crown? But nobody can do it. Yeah, there's a unique blend that I think makes my brand, but the truth about it now, especially at the current point I'm in, there's a lot of suffering involved in my brand. It's quite difficult to just get a nice car and get some money and sell these motivational things motivation and when you're speaking to try and fire people up, a lot of that comes from a place of pain. I'm fortunate enough to have had enough negative experiences that I can articulate in a way that make people understand. If you don't have negative experiences, then what the fuck are talking about? Well, I've seen here a lot of people have come into money, but it's like, well, what else have you done? That's right, you're gonna call crypto pump, you're gonna give this a fuck. No one gives a shit, right? I part of me kinda hoarse, but they send me down for 20 years. That'll come out in the best stories.  I will. I don't care. I'll keep having kids and I'll hopefully go to some Eastern European grew up for 20 years. Come out in the long beard. Imagine that forecast. You'll still have Mr. F**king muscles. You'll still be there. You'll look the same. I'll look the same. I'll look like shit. You're a real full of stem cells. You'd be great. You know, that's what life's for as a man. Life's for stories. And if you want to have an interesting story, there has to be danger or pain involved. If there's no risk of danger, or there's no pain involved, how interesting can the story be? Think about it. By the coolest stories, our explorers, our lives, our lives, our fighters who go get her or whatever. If you have asked how you right now tell me your cool story, it would be when something bad almost happened or did happen. It's life. But this Romania is shit. It's a cool f**ker story. I mean, it's sucks. It sucks. It sucks. It sucks. It sucks. It sucks, but it's a story. So it's just like f**k it. Yeah, whenever something is really bad in your life, you say,  One day one day is just one look back and it's gonna be funny unless they break you it's always funny Unless they break you so as long as you can resist here to the end one day you look back at this laugh. I Mean I'll be around it's authorities. I've learned no lessons I've learned no lessons. I've learned nothing do it. You may need to just try again because I think it's hilarious So you to re-erase me. I mean so fuck you to do it. I'm not gonna say sorry for anything I don't give a shit. I think it's funny. Isn't that the best possible existence a man can have To piss off his enemies and go to war with them and hear the lamentations of The opposing army As your ideology conquers the minds of the NPCs they were trying to enslave isn't that the whole fucking point Isn't the whole point for them to say some bullshit and you come along and reprogram everybody and say no and everyone be like yeah Fuck you and then come for you and lock you and jail and take all your stuff The matrix to talk to me fuck you and then you get thrown into a fucking dungeon with cockroaches  There's another whole point of life, isn't that the fun? He went to Egypt. I was doing nice hotels. What's absorbing the culture? Yeah, well I absorbed the culture of Romanian J. And I had a great fucking time. Yeah, if you think about who's had the Maddie story over the past two to three years? Probably. Probably. I mean, you definitely may have had more fun and more comfort. But when it comes to story, so there's always good and bad. I'm not saying that one's even better than the other. I'm saying there's silver lines. But too much comfort is boring. Of course. I've gone through those stages where I've got two, like especially living here, things can get too easy. Too comfortable. Yeah. I like, I get to the point where I travel. I'm in a different bed of like, this is too hard for me. It's pillows. Yeah, no, it's true. And too much pain is bad because then your emotions turn off and you lose your humanity. Like some of those people that were in that jail for 10, 20 years, it lost our humanity.  They become stone. So you need the balance of it. But the truth is I've often asked myself this question if I could go back in time and Not fly to Romania so I didn't get arrested. I still was wrong. I still would have said, okay Let me move a few cars. We hide some shit But I 100% were gone makes I remember Tristan. He met me like what's the course of L like? This way you would be we're gonna stop off the air. Good course. Throw we were supposed to go course of all for new years Tristan asked you what course of all is like We were only gonna stop in Romania for a day to pack. Yeah, we landed I think about that We landed that was three years if I told you guys hey look I got bad feeling about this You should probably stay in Dubai. Yeah, you would be like no, no, no, I'll take the crazy store I never heard before I've never told before it's the craziest story in around September before I came to Dubai I was in London And I was in an Uber and my Uber driver was Romania and he goes hold your name. Yeah  He goes, what's your name, Sandra Tate? He goes, I've heard of you, Sakao. Cool, people heard me. He goes, why do you live in Romania? I've got a lot of kids in our country, it's very safe, it's my place. He goes, I've heard from some Romanians are gonna get arrested on Uber drive. And Romanians love to talk. They love to, it's like a chat box place. And I was like, oh, I've already been arrested, that's bullshit, it's all gone away. He goes, no, no, no, I heard that you're gonna be arrested. And I was like, maybe, I mean, maybe I will, maybe. I didn't think too much of it. I was like, all right, I didn't consider a human trafficking charge in three years in jail. I thought maybe it's gonna be some taxable shit or some speeding video or something. So I ignored him totally. And I mentioned Tristan, it was an Uber dresser in your essay because all the Uber drivers said you're gonna be arrested. So it's a good point, I mean, you're good to shit. Turns out the Romanians that all been fucking talking about this big case they were building on me for ages and someone's cousin told someone's cousin who's an Uber driver. So I actually heard about this.  in advance. But I didn't consider it. I didn't cross my mind. Let us start saying that they're going to arrest me for something on podcast. I wasn't saying it because of that Uber driver at all. The two weren't linked. I just felt the heat increasing. Like my bank account would be locked or my accountant would get me tax papers or someone who I used to go to school with would be contacted by the media or I just felt heat and then I started saying it. And it's only now. This is the first time I've ever told this sort of the Uber driver. It's truthfully. It's the first time in a few years I've even remembered that happened. It didn't really cross my mind. Now I'm thinking that old motherfucker told me. So why? He's giving you a fucking wild. But if you listen to everything Uber drivers say, you're being a fucking a cracker. So what do you do, right? It's fucking wild. Wild. You're a fat surgery. Is that correct? Visually. I don't think so. I think it's fucked. I think when you rip it and you get it done instantly, it's okay. But the remaining judge told me I'm all that surgery.  Was it what my arm is fucking broken? I don't care, stay in your house. Yeah, very nice. Emblem mom had a heart attack, couldn't see her either. Fucking wild. What's the real question is, Ken, where do you want to go to jail? Mike? We're going to sort out the win. Let's plan a real holiday. Fuck this, Egypt stuff. Let's go to jail. Where do you want to go to jail? Yes. OK. Do you know what, though? Let's plan a really good trip for you. Let's do a really good video for Mike's channel. Me and Mike go to jail. Where? What's the planet? Not here. I've been bad things out of my day. What have you heard of this fucking grinning? Just like this? Yeah. Keep it. Keep it super neat about that. All the time, keep it close. I just come to that. I heard jail here is like, there's no air conditioning. The food is trash. Don't tell the lights.  So you're basing in a cell with those other people. Just things just dirty. Yeah, but I think that's a classic jail, really. Unless you're in Norway, then you get fucking IKEA furniture and a free apartment. Do you? Do you even go to jail in Norway? Probably have a great time now. But you know, when you say jail, am I in a cell by myself? No. Am I doing the whole jail experience? No, no, but am I with you in a room? Or am I by myself in like, solid, or by? I guess it depends on what jail we go to. I was with some other guys and I was with Chris and him and we're here as I was alone. They just move around. Kind of make a huge difference. Chris, imagine being you alone with your own thoughts. It's free, though. Yeah, no book. Yeah. I only had that for about 10 or 11 days. I'd go insane. I do a lot of pushups. You do a lot of pushups. The thing about jail that was weird is that in the outside world, if you have a thought, you satisfy that thought.  If you think of someone you texted, if you think of an idea, you look it up. If you think of a question, you Google the answer. You instantly satisfy your thoughts. Whereas when you're stuck in jail, you'll think of something what's the capital of Aruba. You're like, what is the capital of Aruba? What is the capital? And you'll be stuck with, it's weird. We don't have that in the modern world. If you think of something, like if you think what's it like in Kinshasa, you just go to a YouTube and type Kinshasa travel and you see the capital of the DRC. But in jail, you don't have these things. So you're stuck with these ideas or stuck on people or stuck on what's that bitch doing? You know, you get your jail phone where you been today? You know, like, it's weird. Because you can't just text them. It's weird. We see that one in El Salvador. The jail. The sea caught. Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah, it does look crazy. They got like 3040 kids.  people in one cell. Yeah. No mattress is just a metal bed. Yep. It's in there with killers. Yep. For life. Yep. I probably shouldn't be doing biceps. I mean, I'll be honest with you. You know what surprised me most about jail? Murderers are not how I imagined them to be. You imagine murderers to be the hardest people in jail? Well, I wouldn't say that. I'd say the murderers were, in many ways, looked the most emotional. Like the kind of guy who would cry or lose his temperate. They looked more emotional. They didn't have control. They didn't have control. So yeah, the murderers were like, did cry fastest the murderers. The people who looked like the ice cold guys, a lot of them were the financial crimes guys. Those are the people who really didn't give a fuck. They found you. They probably stole $20,30 million. And they're like, oh, I got this in jail. It cares.  They seemed more ice-cold in the murder. The murderer was a bit more like twitchy or get upset. Maybe it's just the ones I met. Of course I didn't meet every murderer, but it was weird. Yeah, that would make sense. Yeah, there's no control of the emotion. I didn't make a murderer apologize to me. Bumped it to me in the fucking hallway. Bumped it to me, I said sorry. He didn't say anything. I said sorry to you. I said sorry. I'm just going here. Sure respect. I said fucking sorry to you. You're a normal if I'm a dickhead. Say sorry. You think, yeah. Oh, dickhead. No fucking, because I just turned up. I don't know if these people are. Gotta go to the library. Kill two people. They said you'd bail them you. They all know what I was. Did they? Was there an element with respect? Yeah, no one had a problem with me. Everyone was okay. A couple small things like that, but everyone. I think people, I think 99% of the time, if people know you will fight, they'll leave you alone. Everyone wants to fight the guy who won't fight. There's a story of life. Everyone wants to pick on the man.  who won't fight. If they know you will fight, it's a whole different calculation. Even if they know they can beat you, it's still a whole new calculation. And there was never any doubt that my brother and I would fight. So they're like, okay, well, they're gonna try it back. So we can't just be four of us. Against M2, you have to have like ten of us. It's different calculation. If they thought we wouldn't, they could intimidate us just a couple of them or whatever. So we had none of those problems. And I guess you could apply it to everything, like I think my brother and I have also made it very clear to every fucking government, never school news outlet. I'm not scared of you people. Maybe see what's sitting down with me and talk to me like they had a position before you. I was fucking flabbergasted when I was doing his interviews. We were horror sitting there going, well, what about, excuse me, you work for a fucking organization which harbors pedophiles. Don't stay here in my house to pretend that you have a authority over me. You're addiction. You're a broken and you're very low paid. So speak to me in some fucking respect or get the fuck out. I don't have to answer your question. Do you have a police? I tell the police to fuck off. Don't question me like I have to answer you.  I kind of saw this video like a month ago, I was going to the police station, some BBC reports, it's something to me, and I said, you're a nobody. No, I didn't think it'd be God. You're a fucking nobody, bro. You're the God, you put the window in there. You're a nobody. He couldn't believe it. His face was like, yes, you may work for the BBC, but I don't know your name, and he's the person who does anyone else. You are a nobody. You're a nobody. Fuck these people, welcome, the clown. Vice news sitting there pretending they have more or a whole, and then they go bankrupt. Fucking bunch of jackasses, fuck all these people. Imagine the only people who actually gave you a fair platform to chat with protesters. Literally, literally, that's the only people who are interested in both sides of the story. The media is to propaganda arm of the government, so they have a net, they have to enforce. Anyone who thinks the media is interested in objective reality or truth doesn't understand the way the world works, because why is the media even free? It's analyzed the media, you're a business man, I'm a business man. Who's paying for the media? Because it's pretty fucking expensive.  to fly a cameraman from London to Romania to follow me around, so I can call him an oboe. He's paying for his hotel flights food. Him and his sound man, the camera, he's paying for all this while the government is. There's no one buying it. So why is the government doing it? So a government can enforce the ideas that it was. It would be nonsensical to believe that a government has a particular geopolitical objective. The MI6, MI5, whoever are aiming towards, let's say Warren, Ukraine, they want that. So they're going to allow the other arm of their government to make people not want that. It's like your left arm fighting your right arm. It's not that. They make a decision. This is what we want the government to do. And we're going to have a media that supports it. That's why if a white person kills someone, they put the white person's face on the news, murderer, and when an immigrant kills someone, they don't put the immigrant in the news. No face. Because they don't want to stop the immigration. Because that's what they want this side, and they don't want the media to go against the run objective. Your left arm doesn't fight your right arm. So by telling everyone at home I'm bad, it's because they've decided I'm going against the run objective. So allow the media to give me a phrase.  fair chance ever why would they so it's all rigged so there's nobody so fuck fuck the BBC what's your fucking pedos fuck you did you have a few old many episodes fuck us didn't get out somehow done that didn't get put out yeah I've done something that didn't put out how do you feel about it pussy is that scared for their channels like that so they scared of the backlash people are lame bro I mean it wasted my time yeah that's the worst thing I've done one and never one I was like well you just fucking waste a better life yeah people are lame yeah people are lame and everyone's a fucking tough guy when their ass isn't on the line people are full of shit was there anyone's behavior that surprised you and what's your big girl jail yeah you know I had some surprises from men I had some surprises from women like I had women side chicks I didn't care about who were fucking more involved than me  So that's the price and I had to reorder the whole roster when I got out. So nope, you're up, you're down. So that's the price of me a lot. And I had the same with some guys like it's everyone around me starting a lot of heat. So you learn which ones were prepared to deal with that heat and which ones do like I don't want to do. Because there's a lot of people who are your friend and cool when everything's going well but it's very different when their business starts getting shut down and their shit starts getting closed for knowing you. And you're like, wait, it's the problem here. How's your fire? Are you ever tried it? No. Get this man some fire. So let me explain the story of fire. I'm going to explain the story of fire. Like because there's 100% legit. I said, why don't we just get like a thousand percent of every vitamin in one scoop. And people said, well you can't do that because some vitamins are poison. They can't sleep to their abs. Yeah, some are poisonous. And I was like, well then hire some motherfucker who knows what we can fucking do that. Which is what we did. And I was like, what the fuck?  I used to go to the screen with all a thousand percent of basically everything that we could do without hurting anyone, whatever. And then it tasted like complete shit. It's a ghost, dude, though. It tasted nasty. It's nasty. And he goes, what flavor do you want? And I said, what are the options? It's like we have cookie crumble, cotton candy. I was like, this is gay. This is gay. I was like, I don't want any fucking flavor. I'm Bill Different. So everyone goes to me, you can't sell a supplement that tastes bad. I said, yes, I can. So I was like, a thousand percent of everything you need, tastes like shit, because life's hard. And that's how it fucking goes. And I drink it every morning. I fire blood every morning. I blast every morning. It's the only supplement I take. It's legit. So I'm going to give you some. You can analyze the packaging and you know, we might know more than me. You can go through this stuff and what's in it, whatever. But I'm telling you, there's a notable difference. We know things. If anything tastes too good. And then it shouldn't be. I like, what the fuck you fucking fuck. You can't add taste without adding crap you don't need. Mine is just vitamins of the amino acids minerals.  And it takes like a's all it all it is I'll give you we're doing this like close together I'm going to try some. I'm going to fill out my balance. I'll keep the elbows tucked in. How many? It's 10. He's so big. I can rush in the building. Who's your buddy? He's from Reinerfront. You're from North or something. Oh, you are. We're learning with you from. Leads. Leads. Yeah, he's from Andrew. I want you to tell him my friend. I can't do videos on the pictures. If I do videos, people get scammed. Watch the park. No, no, no, no, I won't be a stranger. I'll tell them we want this park to be with me. No, don't work it out. You won't worry about it. You won't let her ever go up. Steadily. Who's the last time you were in the woods?  It's all a family of Christmas. Otherwise it's kind of nice to go back to see where I came from. Within four to five days, yet me, fuck. But I find it weird how this... So many people grew up in Leeds. But they decided to stay there. Like this is where I'm born. So I'm gonna stay here for the rest of my life. Of all the random places on our blades. Sure, I'm single. But I had a great new friends. Like we've had a laugh and fucked about, we insulted each other. I think that's why I've been able to handle the joke. I don't take myself too seriously. I would say I'm pretty down to work. British have the best sense of humor on my planet. They're used to. And England, 10-15 years ago, was also the best place in the planet. You could take a 20 pound note on a Saturday night. Oh yeah, I'd have to time it. You could keep it like that. Now you get a 10 grand a night and London it's shit. When I went out as a student.  I could get three treble vodka for five pounds. Yeah bro, that was great. Good day. I'm using some of the liquid. No one died. It was fun. And now it's... That's more like a... Man! Man, that's awful. Man, that's awful. I don't know what's going on. People can't... I've seen it. I like you. That's the problem. They're all like DMV and private shit. If I told you some of the celebrities I've spoken to, I'll spoke to those powerful people on the planet. They're like, Oh, the video right now. It's stupid. I'm seeing Christian or Ronaldo like your videos.  It's the greatest part of the messy. You followed one of the hustlers you've ever seen in your couch. It's not a good shit bro. We're not gonna get sick. What's happening, G? How are you? Good, good, good. So you're Fagani as well? No purple one. Yeah, that's why I put the purple on. Perfect. I've been collected. I've been so busy since I go to Dubai. I've been there two weeks, haven't collected my Pagani Euro. I haven't even seen it. My life. Gold. Bro, yeah, gold. We need high pickups which we've forgotten about. Literally, I bought it years ago. I haven't even been to see it. I haven't got time. I've got just golds. I haven't seen of golds. I haven't seen them. Never seen them. Sick. Yeah? Sick. What a blonde. Bronze high pick. Sick. Nice color. Yeah. Yeah, I like that color. It's a nice color. It's inspired by you, obviously. Sick. You know what? I was actually offered one of these. I can't remember. It was like $78 million or something, but I was on house arrest. And I was like, what the fuck would I buy?  boat from our arrest and I bought another one I bought a big boat like the live-on but I have a feeling this would be a lot more fun. It's pretty fast 63 made in the world 63 knots full carbon fiber fiberglass hull 12 capacity two bedrooms downstairs might have been on it might know this is quite a lot of fun but yeah we're gonna we're gonna put it through his paces today and you're gonna take control of it. Sick. Yeah man proper. Amazing. Should we head on down? Let's do it. Come on. Mr. Andrew D. Oh another chamber. I'm not a chamber. I'm a chamber. I'm joined. That same dashboard the ammo. We just need the Rebuelto steering wheel which I've got upgraded to full carbon fiber master's well on the roof full option is a high-spec boat from Techno Mall this is haul number 27 the wrong 33 so the halfway through production this 63 made in the world yeah. I owe you a boat trick my boat we finished in a year yeah yeah it's uh but it's like a steel hull it looks like a  I already watched your videos when you were saying both so I was like you know what I need to get prepared for when he's ready And you show me the buy and then we do you're up in my box done say no more. That's a deal Two v12 engines underneath that If I show you that now The two v12 ma and diesel engines producing two thousand horsepower 4,000 horsepower in total but helps his bad boy to six and three not cuts through water like a knife go through butter I Bro, incredible. Let's see. This is that logs back in key right Just a vaults fog and I just Yeah, you're a dinner you just go Where's your bag? Sold it. Yes, yeah, is it a weight off your shoulders? Yeah, the stress that goes through on that gearbox I snapped it four times But in Dubai it was okay the UK because it's cold and the tires and it was slipping and sliding  I do miss it every day, I think the bug was so much better than this. The summer in the humidity, fuck up a bit here though. With the car? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The heat really does play a part. I think this is after this month, we want to tuck it away. So full time job having a boat. I bought mine because if I ever get rid of my internal red notice. I want to leave it in Europe and I'll think in. I want to go to Central Paymar Bay out that I, five times I buy a boat, I have a movie hotel. I got to park on the Marina and to say it. Otherwise I got to find a hotel where I go. You need like a full time crew to live on there and maintain it. It's a full time job. To be honest, boats in Dubai, like, they can be quite boring. Eventually there's not many places you can go. You don't board them to yourself. Exactly. I'm a guest what room we're about to take. Oh shit, the same room as every single day. Europe's a boat. Yeah. Europe's amazing. Go to the can, the one that goes. Europe's a boat and Europe's a car as well to be honest. In Dubai, I always get driven most of the time. I can be ticked, even drive. I always get scared to drive. There's a lot of wasted time.  I'm driving in. Here ya go. You're going to help me transport. You can't go to a festival. You can't be around. I just avoid people because they're all, I only want to hang around rich people. What else is a fucking retarment? 100%. So I've become a leaist. I'm 100% now part of that crew now. I just hate brokenies. Stay away from me. They're all trouble. They're all trouble. Yeah. So you're around rich guy. He is up to lose. My fucking brokenies have nothing to lose. They have all the time in the world with dummies. So I've changed things. What are you imagine? I'm from Birmingham. Oh. It's nearly as bad as Newton. Yeah, nearly as bad. Well now you're going to know binmets. You might be equal. Oh. That's nasty. Everybody's sitting there. The binmets went on strike. Everybody just started throwing all their rubbish on the doorstep. And they started complaining while they're places are shit. You're throwing the rubbish from your house onto the street. And then you're stepping out onto the street saying, why did it slip? You're throwing the rubbish from your house. You're throwing the rubbish from your house onto the street. And then you're stepping out onto the street saying, why did it slip? You're complaining while they're places are shit. You're throwing the rubbish from your house onto the street. And then you're stepping out onto the street saying, why did it slip out of shit?  You've dubbed all the rubbish on the streets, and they were telling everyone to put them in bands and take them to the recycling center, and then throw all the rubbish there. Man, I landed in the UK for about two weeks to go see my nephew, and I was like, every day I was counting down when I was gonna be back in Dubai. Can't stand that place anymore. Horrible, I'm in London, and I never used to be like this, the minute I got into London, the only conversation that's ever happening at the table, or anywhere is, have you got, take your watch off? Have you left any bags on showing the car? Where have you parked the car? You know, why do you have to be worried about all that sort of stuff constantly? Well, you do, because Dubai is a very useful system. I think they just take the bottom 10% of society and constantly fucking everyone. So I'm going to do that, you're constantly crumming society, but you can't even do that. You're not gonna be a fucking piece of shit. We just stay there, it's all the pieces of shit. Very 100, and every 10,000 people who come, 2,000 are dickheads. It's 2%, it doesn't matter. On 1%, 2% of people's, all it takes to the fucking recceiting. 1% of 10 million people are leaving scumbag murmurs.  All cities don't. All cities only. You generally try to run from private to the city. Yeah, I'm going to become prime minister of fix you. You want them? Yeah, I'm going to hate you while I do it. Because medicines always bitter. They're going to hate me, but I'm going to try fixing you. Ali G in the house, but he was doing it. He was doing the border control. Yeah, he only let it to make girls flip him up. That is exactly what I'm doing. I can come up with justification for that. Yeah? Well, women integrate with society. They don't change the society. They integrate. They're the local man and the children are local. True or false? They go. The British Empire by getting docked off by Mike. That's fine. Women can go. Dude, you have ideas of shit standing on a fucking street corner. That fuck's happening. He's meant to be the fastest jetty fair everybody got tested out. Oh, love a good jet ski. Especially around here, there's so much to see. I don't know what a fucking menu shade is. I'm going to like five disemperes of these.  Well they're quick enough. They won't work. If you're not careful, that will throw you off. Especially at this time. There's some sharks here. There's sharks here, you know that right? That's the last one I was going to take a clip. There's some clips of sharks all around. What's up, that's what we're looking at. What are you looking at? I'm looking at the shark. Being sharks have a deal. How do I go near them then? I've never seen a shark in my house ever. They're sharks who leave me alone. So I don't want to, it's fair. I don't want to fuck up the deal. They're nice and turn my house in. I've been in the water, Croatia. Big. But swimming pools don't have sharks. So what's the difference? The question, thank you. The news goes. Yeah, I caught the rest of it.  I think she fell in the hole. You've ever seen a black man swim in the sharks. You've ever seen a black guy on a horse. No, we don't do that stuff. Like, we know. You have to be the biggest, strongest animal around. As soon as something's bigger and stronger than us, we avoid it. No, no fucking playing with tigers. Right in horses. No going near sharks. No sky diving. No rock climbing. No, this is all white people's shit. You get yourself in so much trouble. To leave it alone. Fall white is all white people's shit, bro. Black people don't do these things. I'm black enough to not do them. I love picturing you doing this shit. You just wouldn't ever do this. Black is black. It makes you feel like. Fuck, that's why that bottom of the jeep was so funny. Yeah, it's so funny. But it's so good to be like, you've said it's a big, big, ever manning. I got this. Sound of buzz. Nick follow me. I can do that. I can do that. I'm all snobby. I can do that. But jumping out of lanes and shit. I don't want anything where surviving's on luck. I need to have control over my survival. Like even racing cars. Driving cars are more dangerous than skydiving. Racing a car. I think I like it. But I'm in control of it. But as soon as it's pure 100%.  I can't live that way. Like sharks. You get in there and see those sharks in the rain. I can't play the lucky. I have some element of control over the outcome. Would you rather go to jail for one month, but after that you're free for the rest of the year to do whatever you want. You can go first class private jet, drive whatever you want or you don't have to go to jail. But you have to fly economy and drive around the small part. Well, I'm telling you, I would rather go to jail. I would rather go to jail for six months a year, every single year for the rest of my life and live my life than live in normal person's life. Hot hands now. The normal person is more in jail than most people in jail. Think about this, right? You go to your in jail, let's say. You wake up, you're with your guys, you're with your cell mates. You're tired, you sleep, food comes, you get to train all day long. You eat your food, you go back to bed. If you're living a normal life, you're working in fucking Starbucks. A alarm goes off, you better get up. You can't lay in. You're not with your friends, you're not living with your friends. You can't go time.  You're in Starbucks all day, you have no money, because all your money's going on rent. You're more in jail than the fun bowl of the fucker in jail. You're gonna miss a go jail and if you push up with the guys, most people's lives suck so much. They're better off in jail. We should lose a bit of weight. Yeah bro, at least you do strain and laugh with the guys in the alarm with it. You're tired of you sleep, haven't happened any time you fucking want. Bro, jail's great. I'd rather go jail six months a year and that's six months wild than live a normal life. We would punch down. I think you love Winston Green, wouldn't he? I think it depends on the job. I think it depends on the country. I think Winston Green would have a right party of taking under the net. The ones in Venezuela and all those where you keep your friends to the lions. Oh, okay. Always love to smoke cigars and white trousers. Such a dangerous game. I don't see how much ash I can accumulate. Good one on the edge bro. Yeah. Let's go.  We're trying to make your life look fun on camera. We're trying to make your life look fun on camera. It's not fun at all. So I stopped doing YouTube. Bro it's true. Did you get that shot? You didn't get shot at all. You missed the music. When you go out racing cars and you have a great time and then you go let's film this and you know redo this shot. So go back forth, back forth, did it, it was fucking good. And it might message me every now and again. Do I have to give you a kick at the backside or are you going to get back on YouTube? I'm having so much fun.  How much fun not filming? Don't just get banned like me and the stress is gone. I'm family and probably living all these experiences. There's a moment through like 4 YouTube, there isn't it a lot of time. I've done some stuff I would have known that was a future. I'll go and pop myself in this situation and link up with this person. Anyway, it's good. I'm going to be in another 3 years so we see each other again. Hopefully not but what I'll do to the judge.  just say because we need to talk and obviously our comments are so interesting. It's going to put me in jail to bring you. Exactly. Yes, I'll come. I need it, probably. Exactly. So I'll just go get Mike and then we'll talk in there. There you go.