 So you said, uh, uh, present then you brought him put. Yeah. So then that, uh, uh, discourages for somebody thing that you make real change. Okay. So two question. One, if you are a president today, and I'm sure you thought about it. Yeah. What policies would you attack? Right now in America, I watched the RFK. I don't know if you listen to the record yesterday. What he said about the angle he would take with Farmer, he says, all these things were talking about guns. How is it that we have the same amount of guns as Switzerland does per capita? Mm-hmm. But Switzerland hasn't had a school shooting in 21 years. We had it 21 hours ago. We just have one last night, by the way, big one. Virginia, I want to say, right? Seven people shot just yesterday, right? Every day. Every day. You talk about fentanyl, you're talking about the drugs, you're talking about LGBTQ, you're talking about military industrial complex, economy, taxes. But what would be top three issues you would attack if you were up?  President today. And that's so interesting because before I answer that question, that ties back into what we're saying earlier about mental health. They pretend they give a shit about mental health. But if you come along and actually advocate and tell men how to be happier, I've been a sad man and a happy man. I am a man. I know exactly how it feels on all ranges of emotion. I'll be honest with you right now. When a man is sad, yeah, there is an inclination towards aggression. That's how we're born and how we're evolved. We're evolved with an inclination towards aggression. We need that to protect and provide. That's who we are. We need that bravery. But having a mature, depressed, sad man who have no emotional control is dangerous for society. I say this all the time. They try and pretend to. I'm somehow dangerous for society by telling men to stand up for themselves and be masculine. Absolutely not really not. When you tell a man to have no emotional control and be more feminine, that's the school shooter. School shooter is not a man with masculine accountability. He's a man he's told act how you feel all the time. I think it's picked on for long enough. Throw on some drugs on top of his psychiatrists gave him. Throw in a lack of a girlfriend. And he's had enough. That's the school shooter income.  school shouldn't come from men being masculine. It comes from the absolute opposite of these things and they know this. They know this very very well. To fix society we have to fix that the most base level the root level. I think America in most countries need more transparency and understanding about things work. But when they're attacking the family unit they're attacking all of these issues. Every issue you've just labeled all starts down back down to the beginning. I really think the reason I would like to argue and I don't know any statistics on this in the 1950s I'm sure there was prevalence of problems around America but there just wasn't the school shooting why? What was different? What was different in the years before that there is now? I think it's just because children obeyed their parents and their parents were a family and there was a degree of responsibility that was instilled inside of people and there's a degree of accountability and also there was a degree of honor and pride. There's a degree of honor and pride. I'll tell you something now. I bet in the 60s 70s whatever in any country in the world people didn't want to do dumb shit because the family would be known as criminals. The last name would be TARGET.  on did this. You hear what their son did? There was a whole there was a best interest in all of it. Now you have a school sheer is going to be out there be a piece of shit and kill people and then their parents are on TV a while. Yeah he was failed by the system. They're gonna be only shame. It's unbelievable. If one of my children or someone close to me did something that heinous I would be disgusted. I would apologize just for the sake of just for the name alone. There's no honor left. There's no pride left in the name and this is what happens to remove honor and pride from people. You have no honor or no pride. Nothing really matters. What matters anyway? It doesn't matter if you're out shame. It doesn't matter if your kids and pieces shit and a criminal. Nothing matters without honor and pride. And this is done on absolutely every level. I said this to Tristan the other day. I was actually saying we were driving. Oh it's another day long long time ago. I've left the house in a while. We were driving and I said every even on the most base level I said every building is ugly. If you notice that every new building is ugly it's ugly. Just because yes all the same glass big square ugly building. In the 1400s we built these more  gorgeous buildings and now everything's on the white is that and while I tell you why it is is because they don't want you to have any intrinsic Attachment to a specific place if of all the buildings are beautiful in a specific town You have intrinsic attachments to that town you care about that town you want good things to that town You'll protect that town you'll defend that town What what is that that's a bearer as a parameter if everything looks the same all the time it does move who cares? Oh, they mess up San Fran who goes on to move somewhere else? Let's move somewhere else. So all the same globalism Buildings in Berlin and New York, all the same Where's all the beauty go when there's beauty you have a attachment to that beauty they want to remove all your attachments from everything Even now when they try and sialp you into let's say the way the models all look different than they used to before Right models all the different the sort of secret. Yeah, and I was arguing this point So I'm saying, oh, but let's do you have your Eurocentric beauty standards? I said no I'm gonna correct you so I know you think you sound smart using the word Eurocentric I'm gonna correct you because you're dumbass Let me tell you what beauty standards are beauty standards buy  definition for something to be beautiful has to at least be unique. If everything is beautiful that's not beautiful. If everything is beautiful, then standardize. For you to take a model who looks the way they look without any effort at all and they look like most hours shaped uninteresting people on the street, you cannot call that beautiful because it standardizes you can see it everywhere. Beauty means it must have been difficult to obtain. Whether it's a building is difficult to make because it's ornate or a woman who's trained really hard to have a beautiful figure. That is difficult. Difficulty and beauty are linked. You can't have beauty without difficulty. You cannot show me another model and tell me that my Eurocentric beauty standards is the same. She is in hawk. Because that's not why. She is in hawk because she's made no effort. She hasn't tried. That's why. And they're doing this with everything. Everything is ugly. Nothing has a standard. Nobody has to try for anything. No parameter. No baseline belief of what's true and what's false. Everything subjective. You're true. No, there's the truth. There's no such thing as you are truth. And this is an attack on every single level. There are something else from everywhere. Even the building.  buildings they build are assaulting you so you can't even just drive through a town and go wow look a much energy has been put into this place I love this place I will not allow them to do it to this place now it's just like we can move there let's move there at all the same anyways all Starbucks on the corner on a 7-11 who cares it's all the same why fight why fight for any of it this is all done purposefully I'm telling you there's me call me a conspiracy theorist call me crazy I don't understand why an architect would now decide who fires an architect I'm going to build a building let me hire an architect come up with the same sketch of the same bullshit building which is already existing everywhere how much did I pay him yeah what we're going to do is we build a skyscraper made a grass looks like every other one is that it we did all this 600 years ago we built the theaters and now we build this crap why everything is on purpose it's all a style it's all a style when they put these models on there the side off is you don't have to try you don't have to try anything don't try doesn't matter  don't try, wait for the government, we'll give you some food stamps, you'll be okay. It's slavery. It's slavery. It's slavery. When you need to do every single thing they say to eat, that's their end goal. That's what they want. It's slavery. They don't want you trying anything. Even going to the gym today is an act of rebellion. Even being in good physical condition is an act of rebellion. If I put up a fault with me and I'm in good physical shape, there are people who write underneath it, oh, you're dumb. You try to do it. You can sell you for it. Like, you're a bad person because you have standards for yourself. That's the level of bug man they want to get into. Of course, people will give up meat and eat the bugs and live in the pond. Of course they will. They have no standards, they have no self respect, no standards. Of course, they can live in a ugly building, a big ugly matrix pod, that's all they want. Is it somebody has to sell you on that? Or is it going back to conditioning? Well, what would it be? Is it someone selling you or is it a consumer? And it goes back to my original point about the family.  I do believe that the reason we didn't have so many problems before is because I believe the families had standards and some some cultures still do I Friend for Chinese my dad. I cannot not get in a That's just their culture when my dad was still alive. He was teaching chess My dad would charge four five hundred dollars an hour for chess lessons and towards the end of his life He goes all of my students are Chinese or Indian nobody else wants to spend money five hundred dollars an hour Tisha kids just only the Chinese and Indians will spend that money to make sure their kid is that good So that that's it. They're the ones who best the most in their children. They still care on that level But most families don't wake up and go ah I Want my children to act a certain way for the legacy for the family name as a whole I'm instilling standards upon them because of the last name my entire life. I've had standards in still upon me my entire life Your last name's tape you can't do that your last name's tape. You're not allowed to do that Your last name's tape but hit him back I feel like that my whole life and now we've removed all standards from everybody This is why you get school should receive school should or should be too embarrassed  to even embarrass their fathers. They should wake up and go, I would never do this to my family. And I'll also, this is definitely gonna be canceled, but I'm gonna say, because it's true, I'll stay up by extension for suicide. I don't care what you do to me. I'm Andrew Tate, I cannot kill myself. I can't. I'm not allowed. It's against, it's against a creed of my last name. I didn't have ancestors who suffered how they suffered, who went through what they went through for me to be born to kill myself. That's not why, that's not the end of my story. I refuse, I absolutely refuse. Remember how bad it gets or what bad situation I'm in? I refuse to do it, because I have too much respect for my last name, I won't do it. And I think that a lot of things, a lot of men's mental health, a lot of crises can actually just come back to the old addages of honor. And you can fix a lot of it. Your girl left you, you miss her. I get it, we've all been heartbroken. She's with a new guy, you're all set. She doesn't care, you care, I get all of it. But, there has to be a point where you get to...  level of pride you just go that's not who I am. I lost her that's life. You're just going to get all the money. And the best way is to have where do you find the strength when you're in these difficult situations? I always find the strength from from my last name. I'm agitate. I'm agitate, so I just have to do. I'm in a Romanian jail cell. I wake up, this cockroaches in my bed, they're all over my face. What am I to cry? Well, am I my bitch out? Am I going to go inside a piece of paper and say I'm guilty? I'm going to sell my brother out. Is that what I'm going to do? I'm going to go fuck it. Lie and put these in and sell the girls out like they want me to. Am I going to stand up and say I'm sorry for saying go to the gym like a pussy? No, I'm going to take the cockroaches off my mouth. I'm going to do some push-ups because I'm entertained. When shit really gets hard, honor, encourage and bravery in your last name is all you've ever had. It's all you're going to have. And it used to be like that in the olden days. That's why no one did this dumb shit. They were just too embarrassed to even do it. And that's why you're saying how do we fix the country? Absolutely. All of it comes down to the fact that especially with men.  None of them are bestowed with the things that the masculine essence needs to be a good man. You need pride, you need honor, you need a healthy level of ego, you need all of these things. We're taking it all from boys and what are we giving them instead? Video games? Poor, weed. And what do you expect of these people? What do you expect of these shit versions of men besides trash output? You're going to get garbage of all cross-suspectrums, they're going to do nothing or do something bad. They're certainly not going to do anything good when they don't try or anything in their lives. How they do something good? The scary thing about all of this is that there still are two teams in the world. And there is a side of the world but they don't accept this crap. How the long is America going to compete globally? When you have countries like China and Russia and these other countries, they don't do this. I don't know if you saw and they did that survey to kids of what they want to be when they grow up. Did you see that? Yeah, it was crazy. Every American kid wanted to be a YouTuber. Every Chinese kid wanted to be an engineer or an astronaut. Yeah. Who wants to future? Who wants to future? We are in...  so much trouble. We're so much trouble as a society. What are we arguing over? It's insane. Now what do they show you on TikTok? Absolutely. Exactly. Let's stay on this. You asked a very important question. Let's go back to it. We had the same amount of guns 1950 per capita. Brandon, can you look at that per capita? How many guns we have in 1950 versus today? But it's relatively the same. Gun laws haven't changed dramatically from 1950. So today, what's changed from then to then today? We took out God at a school. Prozac was invented in 1987. The law to legalize advertising drugs, big pharma in America was 1985. It's only two countries in the world that can advertise us in New Zealand. So you got God, you got Prozac, you got advertising, you got the LGBTQ movement that's taking place, you got all of that taking place to where we are today. So when you're talking about guns, what is change?  not the guns that's changed. Societies change, standards that change. Completely. So how do you fix that? So if that is the biggest problem you're selling, number one, here's the problem. Let me sell you why this is the problem. Okay, the people like you're right, I'm buying money. Give us a solution, what's the solution? Yeah, I think the issue is back down to the family that I was in, that's a very, very cool question to answer because it's across the entire spectrum, right? I do feel like it's almost a race to the bottom of our men and now we're not gonna cut more of a tie. I don't think it would be very good to me. I don't think men are being very good at men. I think both of that is accelerating, we're gonna get in trouble trying to separate something. How do you fix that? It's difficult. It's hard when I still think one of these is with that goal. I think it would be nice to underrate your, your rally out of some three of standard boats, that's the things we'll start to partner up. I continue right now, they talk about why the men don't wanna get married, they don't wanna get married, they come up with a lot of reasons. The men reason they don't wanna get married anymore is because they're broke from room with me. For free, so why don't they get married? That's the whole line of it. And why won't a white dress?  He's virgin. Very good. A girl from the club. We're friends right now. You want to marry her? Like, when you remove all of the morality from Rhylox, just an adversary already only possible to look at the move is to act without words. It gave me energy, right? We sit there and we analyze them logically. If you're going to be able to develop a woman, you need a removal. How do you react? Well, you act morally. You get read. How do you react? And more, it was a race before. We have to fix society as a whole. It comes down to even the most basic things like the most basic things like the most pharmaceutical industry, the most basic things that meant to take note of the last name, the most basic things that men have been to, or want to proud the application to be poor or about take care of a woman. I'm not a criminal. We have a criminal man. If you want a woman, you need a life of a state that is by a journal, I'm an entity. I would be a narrator, that's not a girl. Stay. I'm an entity, a girlfriend, and have a worker job. So if you want it, you need to get it in. If you want my life, you need to get it in. You're not going to live now. There's a totally unique, anything you want. I'm not. I'll take care of you. You'll take care of me. I'll take care of you. You want an entity.  you must protect this fear, you must do your job. It's a race to the wall, hold to the eyes. You only go through that chest or it breaks into the wall, and then a child will fall. What do we expect? Just try to move for a little bit. A child. To school, to see a baby, to your internet, to see a baby. Look at what they're protecting. It's a must of other things that they're interested in. I'll talk about my life in a video. I'll talk about my life in a video. I'm 19 and 15. I'm trying to protect their kids. The great way this kids nowadays. School is school, internet, which, I'm how I'm going to hide this, has been taught to get a child, and parents are the route where we get to the mix. Here are the blue symptoms of sickness. The blue symptoms. You can't control your health, I'll see this in a video. You don't know what you want. You want to fly out, you don't know anybody who can get the health report. What's the point of knowing that none of this? You have children, kids, and there's all of the things on YouTube are working with their own parents. Just to distribute a little more parents, a point why I'm going to put you to the students to figure out how to use them. I want my stuff, and my parents, I take them like, and they like me. So for some of my private people, they don't even put it that off. It wasn't all for us.  That's fine. But the whole thing is getting out of there. Wasn't my lady in? It was like when you suffered from race that might be in the end. Why would I race it to be in the end? The other one would be my wife moving my wife in the end. And she would be like, that's the whole point. And then I'd rather that. I'm not the same number of drivers to why my son used to be a little more normal for us. But I don't care what the whole would be doing. They would be like, I don't know what the police say or mine. All of us, that's gone. So we also talked about what's different to the end of 1950s. That is, he's getting ready for the race by people who are in the race. And who are the streets? You're going to be a bit out of your field. You can't tell that in that extent. You can't tell that out of it. You can't tell that you don't have a bridge control. You can't tell the right idea that you want. Because when those trucks crashed, that was the end of the race. They cried very angry. They don't know about that. They're just being teachable stories and the use of teachable these things. And the soul, the kid, the soul says, let's play from the office. That's the best thing for you. You're pretty much not talking about me. We're only playing 90s these days. But you're being sort of saying, how much of somebody is a kid? Somebody is my wife. Somebody is my wife.  I'm not going to let you slide you. Okay. Well, 85% of Americans doesn't have a month. You know, it's kind of like an 8-public private school. Where they write now is the shoe more. You're a YouTube worker, but you're no private month. Every month, it's just a common experiment. You know, you know, she just got these. I'm going to talk about all the ways. You're parents are like, what I'm locked up with in my private school. If you think it's some private school, you're going to write it. It's forwarded because I'm not in school. It's snowing, but one of the best private schools out there. We're going to start with a few people to be able to shoot the wood. But if we all want to talk about it, we have a park gap on the house. Okay. And it's a big problem. You know, we've got space for the players, but they're parents. I'm talking to their parents. We meet with the girls. What school do you talk about? You know, I have a good word to want to start with. But I'm going to start with something. I'm really talking about it. And that's like, yeah, it's just, you know, a reason to think that's uncomfortable. I said, oh, I'm really talking to my parents. Why do I not really want to get them?  You uncomfortable because those political reasons, what you're saying, what you're saying, you say they, you say, am I fooling you today? I say, what by the time you put in a word, you're fully safe because you know my definition. He's the sexist here. He said, he said, he took a napalm because he did start an act, I might not, that act, I might see him fly by, but he might not listen. She wrote the letter, a paper of doubles of poll, saying, you didn't hear it again, you can't share it with us, after the pin you pinned it in, and matched whatever they're saying up low. I said, what's going on with the fratts? That's what you're going to do for your kid. One, one, that's, you say, you say, you say, you say, you're going to do it for your kid. There's an exodus from this school to the other school, so one, some parents don't have the option in true. To say, you want to know what I'm talking about and what I'm talking about, I'm meeting no more in a while, I'm so happy to fix it if you're that person without a touristy. And that's another thing that's difficult, because I have two answers to this question. I have the correct answer, not answered by the vice-president, but I'm not the arrogant one. Yeah, well, let's talk about it. I'm done with that,  I think you really help us as a surprise thing, like we were supposed to do with my plan comes into effect. Right, right. As I imagine, you had 18 agents from six of seven families, parents, grandparents, and everyone together. The family unit, though, the energy of the walls, the merits of a particular plan is going to be so much stronger and difficult to make this pathetic trait rate break. There are best friends, other people, they live with, they live with, they live with, they live with, they live and they can't shake everyone's money. My sister, here you are for your own best case! Exactly. I just wanted to say, if it seems like we will have both or not pornography, but we should not do it again. And therefore, I'm not trying to, when I'm trying to get another parent your losses down, and I would make sure that our children have a choice. And, so days must bug the time child's�other, and I hope that our child's wealth, uit gong all balls out still together, I'm going to also be looking for their support to take down our children, I don't think anything happened in the replicate. How do we do that? I'm still doing the backflip This was a traditional  I'm going to ask you a question. What's a real question? You're going to be learning that you don't know a little more. And you have to encourage them to spend the probably weeks. And she's a beautiful woman. She's out there and she's coming out of the field. But don't you challenge them. You can even stand up from us. I was like, why do you think they want you to leave that? But what do you mean that? Why do you think they want you to leave that table to some day? I don't think that's true. What they've done I like to you. Why do they want you to leave that purpose? They say, you know, I'm going to be on your side. I'm going to go to school tomorrow. I'm not going to school. Hey, Miss Jones says, hey Patrick, so tell me. So what did you think about this as this? You have to write this thing. Let me tell you, last time I was having a conversation with my dad. And my dad told me, why do you want me to leave that? Then comes the phone call. And then now you're cornered as a parent. And now what do you say to the school? Say on the school roleplay. Correct. I can't roleplay by myself. It's difficult. It's difficult. And this is exactly why you need to plan your new network and your other parents. If I was a parent, and my child was going to go to the public school, I'd be extremely...  interested in finding other parents whose kids were born at public school. Yeah, you have the PTA meetings, etc. But there has to be a degree of strength in numbers. It's hard. You can say home schooling, that's the best of cop out. But the other answer, the more arrogant answer to this, is actually an answer I gave after the subway incident. You know when New York put the subway where they choked the guy and died? Yep. I get asked all the time, Andrew, what would you have done in that scenario? It's a very difficult scenario. I mean, we can argue whether we choked him too long, whether he was trying to protect people, but there's a bunch of arguments. But it's very unfortunate. This goes back to what I was saying earlier. You can no longer just be the average man, the average citizen. I insulate myself from so many problems with money. I know this is a terrible thing to say and people aren't gonna like hearing it, but it's true. I never have to worry about some garbage on the subway. I never have to worry about do I stand up and defend this woman or allow her to get attacked because they're going to put me in jail. I never have to worry about some fight on a plane because the ticket was $40. I never have to worry about my kid who goes and learns something they don't want to learn. I don't do it by any means because money protects me, right? So when I say this, life.  If I have a girl and she's saying, all you do is work, you need to be a dad too. I'm being a dad by being rich. That's how I protect you all. I work 18 hours a day every single day. That's to be being a bad word almost anything. That's how I protect you and everybody else from all this and standing. It's the only way to do it. You need to be flexible. We're fully on the same page. I'm on the same page as you. I also want to make the money so I get to pick and shoot. What I'm talking about is a message because the reality is not everybody is going to go out and make the end of month or wherever you make. It's just not going to have the right. The market's not set up. That way by frankly, not everybody brings that kind of value to the market. Correct. To guard or to pay. You know that angle. Correct. Okay. How can you and I help the audience that is sitting there? Great citizens. Net positive. Yeah. They take the kids to church on Sunday. They work their butts off. They're doing their best to keep their marriage together as hard as it is. They're paying the bills for the kids. They're making 80 grand. 120 household income. They can't talk like human.  You're right. What do they do? You're right. Let's give them some of the shit. Right. So if I was them, here's what I would do. I would make sure that my family had core parameters and core beliefs that we believed in. And I would fact check. Everything my child was told against those core parameters and core beliefs. So let's say one of our core parameters and core beliefs was hard work. We believed in hard work and dedication. When they came home and told me something about body shaming or the fact that most can change or say, does that agree with the beliefs and the merits that this family has decided we're going to operate under? Yes or no? I would have a framework. I would have a gate which ideas have to penetrate through. Every idea has to be fact checked against a gate a parameters of set values that was stuck to my last name on our current discipline hard work. Whatever those parameters are. And I save my child every day when you learn to school. I listen to it and I say does that align with our value on this? And also I make this very clear because this was done to me as a child. I'll make it very clear to my children. They're exceptional. I think every single person is exceptional for different children. We talk about the normal children, normal families that are not exceptional.  It's been exceptional person who knows who they might become. I say you're an exceptional. You don't believe what everyone else in that school is told to believe just because it is set. You're an exceptional person. We have a framework we operate under because your last name is X. And our framework is this. Does that align with hard work and dedication? No, it doesn't. Why are they trying to tell you that? Because they're trying to attack the framework which you need to be successful. My father said to me when I was young, you and now my father had many, many quotes. I use all the time. What my favorites was. I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me. And then I use my mind to break the track and punish the perpetrators. That's exactly the exact line I will tell my child. I'll say they've attempted to manipulate you. We've allowed it. I allowed you to go to school and listen to this. Why were they trying to manipulate you? Where do they want you to go? They want to take you away from discipline. They want to take you away from hard work. Now we're going to use our minds to break the track. We now know what they want. My father explained this saying to me and said why it was so important. And it's true. If you don't allow them to manipulate you at all.  You don't know where they want you to end up. You might get tricked another way. You might take another road to the same destination You allow the manipulation. Tell me what you want me to believe. Tell me what you want me to understand. Allow them to manipulate the all the way to the end. See the end goal. This is what you want. This is what I'll teach my children to explain. Your time in school is gonna teach you some very important things that you need to know And they're also attempting to style you and trick you and poison your mind And we are gonna discuss daily. We're built within our family framework within the code of our last name to see which are true and which are lies It takes work. Look at everything else on earth. It takes work I know it's hard parents are out there the work and they haven't got time. Yeah, the kids are on the internet It's difficult, but you have to work because you are almost fighting an enemy for lines of your children now You know what I think you know what I think is that's great Very good feedback, but so I love in Iran. Yeah, and in Iran you go out there and you'd say Hey, listen people are asking by religion don't talk about it. Yeah, or we Christians. I don't know  I'm on in that. You don't need to answer the question, guys, because there's that fear. So parents are teaching kids to not talk about their values and principles. The elements that parents fear, what the school's gonna say to them and not give the kids the best grades, because you're imagining that a 10th grader or even a senior, if you really say what you believe in, that teacher gives you a C, you don't get the A to get the 4.3 GPA to get the scholarship, because you can't afford it. You have to be like constantly like this. So parents are telling their kids, but whatever I'm telling you, don't tell them. I think it's bigger than that. I think a part of it is, I think a part of it is, this is the first time we had stats, and I don't know how long this was, where kids no longer, kids graduating high school are not valued for your college as much as they did before. Okay, that is a threat to de-establishing, because they can't be a control, right? Number two is there is an element when I'm watching this.  video with these parents yesterday in Glendale. And this is where I grew up. This is my street. I grew up Broadway in Virgo. I right next to that post office, I'm 200 yards away from the high school is where I grew up. And I lived on a door and for a couple of years before I went to Wilson Jr. High School. And I'm seeing these parents upset like, how is this, this is common sense, leading these kids along. I think there's gotta be an element of those parents coming together in a form of a strike, I believe, to say if you want to tax funded money that's being given to your school district, hey, we're not coming. We're gonna decide to do school together and we're gonna use this place or that place or this facility and that facility because they have to feel the pain. They cannot do that to the kids. So my only messaging with what you're saying right now, number one rule is what? Go start part time and come make an additional three grand amounts so you can send them to the private school that they're teaching my values. Okay, that's number one, two. I can't afford to do that, three. This is the other option that you get.  Yeah, and you're right and Trump said it in his book, The Art of the Deal. He said if you're not prepared to walk away You can't negotiate and that's the same with absolutely everything if you have it There's never a bottom line in which you say enough then you can't negotiate you have no negotiate position We talk about this when it comes to children in schools But this is also very applicable for relationships. I've had girls who say to me You know I was watching TV and they were saying that I don't know X Y Z And I would say listen I take care of you. I love you very much I'm gonna make sure you have everything you've ever wanted I'm gonna make sure you're physically safe That's why you're not gonna go walking a home alone drunk. It's not because I'm a misogynist It's not because I dislike you. It's not because I'm controlling. It's not because I'm manipulative It's because it's for your safety and your safety to degree is my responsibility But I saw on the news XYZ if you believe the news over me then go find another man You have to be prepared to walk away, right? This is the bottom line of it. This is what I personally believe These are my daughter's are my daughter's are my daughter's This is what I personally believe if you're and if she says well no I'm not listening to you And I stay with her anyway, well then it's over isn't it? Then she's gonna do whatever she wants But not everybody can do that. Of course. Of course.  Position your offerings so high that they have to sit there and say I can't lose this guy completely Yeah, this is where we go back to the original point about how difficult it is to be the average man now It's it's becoming more and more difficult We're in a position now where you have a racetrack and you have Ferraris and Nisans and yeah We can discuss how the Nisans might beat the Ferrari, but the truth is it's hard It's very very hard if I was a man and I was starting all over again I would do I would do the same things I did I would wake up and say okay This game is extremely difficult my best chance is to level up my character to a point where the game becomes easy Because life does become easy at a certain point. Yes, now I'm in a very unique situation But before this situation I had only three problems in my life my health which I take care of My woman why take care of and money That was it if I made enough money I had no other problems if you're broke you have lots of small problems Yes, the car doesn't star the school fees are coming up. Whatever we need new clothes for the kids  one problem to fix. If I fix my one issue, everything else is fixed. You get to a point in life where someone goes, I would go an issue, how much? Tell me the number. I didn't want to know the ends and outs. Just do the transfer, make it go away. So yeah, as a man, I think you have that imperative to understand that the video game of life as a man is exceptionally difficult and especially as you get older, as you progress with the levels, it gets harder. It's getting harder and harder. You need to level up your character. This is what amazes me when men go astro go with motivation. How can you struggle with motivation in the modern world? Are you asking to just lose? Are you asking to just be erased from humanity? Are you asking to be invisible? How can you be an 18-year-old man and say, I don't have the motivation to train as hard as possible and get as rich as possible? You are born to lose if you don't have motivation to 18. In the modern world as competitive as it is, all those girls, those 18-year-old girls you go to school with are talking to some 28-year-old man with a yacht somehow and you're sitting there lonely and you don't have motivation?  You must be out your mind. The only way to win this game is to become as powerful as possible. It's difficult and it's getting harder and harder. And this is why I teach the things I teach to men. You can't just be Joe Schmoe and win anymore. That those days are over. You have to be something else. The challenge those young men have though, it's sometimes not even their fault. Why? Single mother. Yeah. Raised by a single mother, they've been indoctrinated and they heard the future is female a million times. Next thing you know, they're 18. They kind of have this victim mentality. It's almost not even their fault some of these times. I'll complete. We're all in our late 30s, early 40s. We've grown up, I played football in school. He's an athlete, bodybuilder, obviously a kickboxing champion. We've had coaches, we've had people kick our ass. We didn't grow up with participation trophies. We've had our asses kicked. We've gone through shit, now we're out of shit. A lot of these young guys playing video games addicted to porn. If they grow up in the phone in their hand, raise by women, they don't have, they were raised how we were raised. How do you teach those kids though? That's what they don't want.  exactly what they don't want me doing. That's why they're trying to put me in jail. Because I managed to become, I'm not for a second bragging, but the size of the movement that I created. I turned up in Slovenia. I don't ever see that video with the Bugatti where everyone's going, talk to you, talk to you. That's the capital of Slovenia. I can't even pronounce it. Libuana or something. I've never been number four. Slovenia. Where even is it? I can barely find out a map. I know roughly where it is. If you want a guaranteed way to get in touch with me, maybe you have a business idea, maybe you want some fashion tips, maybe you just want to connect. You could find me on the next. This is what I was saying earlier on about how complicated masculinity is, but I broke it down to those three basic tenants because even a teenage boy can understand if you get enough money and enough power and enough powerful friends and enough sexual access that you're going to be able to build yourself through a man of, I can cry now. I'd qualify to cry. When you're 18 year old boy, you shouldn't be crying. You should be focused and you should be an animal and you should be training. You should be working hard and you should be listening. You should be going to coaching. I know I look like I'm allowed to cry.  understand all the different elements of being a man. I understand the tapestry of masculinity fully. I can cry if I decide to. I've qualified for that. But before you get to that point, you have to go through all the hardship and the hardship I've broken down to the three basics. And I think that's why they're coming to attack me so heavily because genuinely because of what you just said, I'm telling kids things. And especially people often ask me, especially Matrix Media, they say, why did you get so big? Because I'm telling the truth. I'm telling the truth, which every man knows is intrinsically true in his heart, because God has instilled him with a basic degree of morality of right and wrong. I'm saying things to a 17 year old boy and he's going, this is the, he's makes sense. I get it. Everything I was told so far just didn't quite click, but this does. And that's what they're so scared of. And I agree with you, you're completely right. And this goes back to once again, we were saying about last names, family values. The number of times I was told I couldn't do something because of my last name. I think that was my whole childhood. My whole childhood is where you were at a day. That I got an A. Of course, you're a tape. It wasn't even, it was just like,  Well, of course you got an A. But what else are you gonna get B? What are you gonna tell me? That's who I was my whole life. I had standards exacted on me. And I've even heard like psychologists, I have a big problem with psychologists, I don't like them as a whole. I'll tell you some of my scenarios. I've had conversations with psychologists as a couple good ones, but there's a lot of them I don't like. Their ideas are you raise children, don't put standards on, don't put pressure on them. How are they gonna perform without pressure? Do you have pressure to perform in your business? Because I certainly do. Pressure makes dying. You think I didn't have pressure to perform when I sat down with the BBC, they tried to set me up. You think I didn't realize instantly, okay, or she's ready. But you think I didn't have pressure, you think there's no pressure when they try to stab you to death? There's no pressure in life, you gotta raise a child and say don't give them no pressure, give them no standards. So we can just be a kid and what's he gonna mold into? Absolutely and not really know. Life is pressure, especially as a man. You need to have these exacting standards, that's how it is. Life was a pressure to perform to my last name. This whole dose has ever been. I don't know how anyone's raised any other way.  So yeah, it's crazy. It's a very difficult problem to fix. I agree that it's a very difficult problem to fix But I think it starts with baseline things and This is also why I feel like I have such a duty to act I'll give you an example If I could lie right now for 10 million dollars and nobody would find out Nobody I still couldn't do it because God would know and he'd punish me sooner later I really truly believe that I would pay the price of that money. I really believe it I think when you if you're a man and you're growing up and you're saying how do I act? What do I do in this scenario? What would God want you to do? Tell the truth you be amazed how far just telling the truth will give you in any situation I can give you benign situations. It don't even matter. Their girlfriend called you all No, and I barely know her. Just say yes. Sorry. I love you. I'd love to stay together Well, you did this. Sorry I'm leaving. Okay, goodbye Next station back  It could have gone on for weeks. You could have kept buying you could have called the girl all this drama Just sometimes in life which is man up and tell the truth That's why in my current scenario and I was saying earlier That's the only way you're free Completely only way you're free. It's just that you free It's just that you free when I was saying earlier the incompetence of my enemies is scaring me And I don't know exactly what to do all I can do is just tell the truth all the time I'm gonna tell the truth all the time. I'm gonna say what I mean to me what I say and I'm gonna tell the truth And that's what I'm gonna be that's what I think is the best thing for me to do in the current scenario But we're not even instilling that in children anymore. We're not even telling children how important it is to not lie Well, but that's that's also part of what you're talking about I want to show you this that because the guy sent it to me and then we'll put this for the audience to see as well percentage of gun ownership from 1972 till today same thing Exactly if you look at the numbers pretty much the same thing So what's been the biggest difference is a lot of these things that we just talked about by the way that question you asked from 1950 till today The candidate that's talking about this again. I went up and went back to  politics, RFK is talking about this. And I think it's a very important thing to talk about, because it's making people go research and see for themselves and to ask the question, what really did change? We've had this all the time. What became legal? Why are we adding all this pharmaceuticals to, you know, kisotape? What else would it be outside of them? So that was the foundation which I agree with you. Household values, principles, kids, men raising them better. What else would you see as a challenge from an outside? And then I got part two of the question for you. Yeah, it's it's anything else where you say, you know, xyz would also, by the way, I love the way you say, ni-sten and state it's I just love the way you pronounce those words, man. For a second, you said ni-sten, I'm like, what is ni-sten and then I realized what you're talking about. Well, I remember when I was young, other people's parents would tell me off. Do you remember that? Did you ever get that one? Of course. Other people's parents would come up and like, yeah, they're not. Random adults would just tell me off. I was scared of every grown up. Every grown up had a degree of authority.  We can't do that anymore. There was just a degree of community that certainly not really lost. And asking me how to bring it back is difficult. It's very hard and that's one of the reasons why I've become so religious recently because I think that God is definitely part of that and that's also the reason I want to live in the clan I live in. That's why it is. My brother can tell my kids off. No problem. If I came home and Tristan's like I'd scream at all, I'd be like, good. I trust him in his judgment, good, scream at him then, good for children. Also sometimes you know what, kids need to be yelled at sometimes. Why not yell at him? What they're gonna do? Life's hard. Life's hard. The way we pander and baby children, especially, is insane. I was talking about this the other day. I was talking about how I have a pet peeve and one of my pet peeves is painkillers. And I was being typical me and I was going over the top. But I was saying, I was arguing. I was discussing with this guy. This guy said, if you got any aspirin, I said, there's no aspirin in my house. And he said, why? I said, brother, you are not facing one percent of the life difficulty time facing. Think about it.  government's trying to lock you up. The matrix isn't after you. They're not trying to frame you. Nobody wants you dead. When God finally gives you a tiny headache to give you something to show your half of man a little bit of resilience. You push the out and take an ask where you need to have a headache. Just have a headache and not only just have a headache. Have a headache and don't mention it because I don't care. So no need to talk about it. Nobody needs to know. Just have a headache. I have a headache Twitter. Yeah. When you want therapy. You want sympathy? Nobody cares. You have a headache. Shut up. It's kind of goes back to my original conversation when I'll say I don't like psychotherapists and all their garbage because they're constantly I don't believe in. I've had conversations with therapists a few times and my biggest detractors and enemies say you need to talk to a therapist. The last conversation I had with a therapist didn't go very well. I said I didn't believe in most of their field and that was garbage. And she said why? And I said because there are some boys who don't drink alcohol because  because her dad was an alcoholic and there are some boys who are alcoholics because her dad was an alcoholic. You have the same scenario and different outcomes, so I don't believe in it. And she said, well, no, it's not an exact science, but we have generalized rules that we can follow that lead to parents of behavior. I said, but I'm not a generalized person. I'm an exceptional person. Everything you've learned and everyone you've ever spoken to and everything in your books does not apply to me because I am exceptional and I'm smarter than you and I've done things you could never do. I'm a world champion athlete and I'm richer than you'll ever be. But nothing you know can possibly apply to my mind mindset. So why are we sitting here talking? What was it we are? She just wrote things down on a piece of paper. Probably called me an arrogant piece of shit. Where is that? Don't like this guy. I'm bleeding ours to say. I don't know what anyone knows what's going on. But I write. There's nothing you've learned in your book that applies to people that doesn't apply to me. Doesn't apply to me. So I don't want to hear it. Don't care. And this whole idea, this goes back to the thing about panculars. That's something I didn't just make up. That's from my dad. I remember being at my friend's house and I remember him saying.  I need an aspirin and he had an aspirin. I remember just being a child and coming home to an aspirin. I remember my dad going, whew! You're a kid. Shut up. No, you don't pop in pills. And I remember my mother going, it's only an aspirin. No. Well, nothing wrong with you. Your body is going to go through the same damage it's suffering if any of all, whether you feel the pain or not. Man up, get over it. It comes down to the details. So it's like if you're a professional fighter and you get to a certain level. Your coach, once you've been training for 10 years, your coach is honing you on the details. It's the tiniest details that make you a predator. The tiny things, may whether it does 1% better than the guy he beats, it's the tiny details. So simple things like denying a child a painkiller. When you know there's nothing wrong with them, I'm not saying we have surgery, you can't have painkiller. I'm saying he walks in, there's nothing actually wrong with the kid. No, it's all the tiny little things you need to do to instill that resilience inside of them. I was in jail and I could just hear crying and solving from every cell but mine. Everyone's in their having a mental breakdown, but me. And the most serious thing.  about my position. I think it's the position for most people in a Pajel in Romania because of how the legal system works and the extensions, you don't know how long you're in there for. You don't know it could be a year, could be five, could be three days. That's what message of your brain. Do I prepare for six months of this? Do I prepare for five years of this? What's going on? Nobody knows. Everyone's in their mental breakdowns, but me. Why did I know I have a mental breakdown? Because I've had too much crap happen to me too many times and never put the pain killer and never took the easy way out, never asked for the therapist, never been a bitch about it. This is how life works. There's no way to the top besides the difficulty in the pain and the trauma. I say, I'm really flabbergasted that there's men out here who still believe they're going to somehow become something of importance without it. Of course she broke her heart. Good, good, good, good. I'm tired of being completely inclined about it. That's the game. That's the life. So yeah, it comes down to tiny things, even down to pain killers, small things. My dad used to do another thing. My dad used to make me do. He used to make me drink water.  I remember being a kid and it would upset me. I'd be sitting there, playing chess, whatever he'd say. Go drink two liters of water. I'd go and I'd get some water and I'd start drinking it and say, I'm not thirsty at all in the rest. And he'd stand there and make me drink all two liters. Now I understand it was just compliance. Two liters of water is not gonna hurt me. Not gonna hurt me. Do I really need it? Who knows? I'd drink a liter. Why do I drink all two? Because he said so. That was the household. If I was, if I tried to rebel, I really don't want it. I'm not thirsty. You're gonna drink that water. That's it. And it's all these tiny things that instill discipline in you. Over a long enough time frame, drink water. Yes sir. Bring that to compliance today though. Bring that to compliance today. Say your dad is around today and you're 12 years old. And you're living in Ohio. Okay. And your dad is teaching you compliance. And your dad says, okay, so now teacher in school tells you what to do. He's right, he's this, he's that. What is the angle you're taking at that time? Yeah, and that's another thing that's difficult. Because back then it was much easier to say, you shouldn't get in trouble at school. Right, much easier.  Today's not like a bad job on almost. Almost. Almost. And it is hard. But my loyalty was always to my last name above anything else. This just depends on your loyalty lies. I think that everyone, when we talk about we can link back into religion and talk about atheists. I don't think there is such thing as an atheist nowadays. I think everyone has a religion. If you're not religious to God, you're religious to either this woke agenda or your religious to a political party or your religious to some kind of preferred origin, I don't want the religious to stop being the disdyscized one. It results in a whole lot of oil. You have the disease to hire a regular order. And for our last and last, I have a whole lot of things I said that I said this. All the people who hate this have no really gone from the wrong people. They think this is what we call out to them. We think it's not going to be a cure for them. What I do so strongly believe it. They think we can have any purpose of the experience to link it to. You do truly believe it to us to us by walk by. This is just it. And the news is that it's not going to happen to you. That makes you believe it. Nothing is going to happen to you. I apologize for this. I'm going to leave.  I know my life is a lie. I've got to be in order. I know what I want to put. What do I want to put? What do I want to put? I absolutely don't know. And since I'm hiding in the most broad situation, I'm going to be surrounded by my future completely and ultimately, your honest respect here is exceptionally rare because we have very difficult choices. But I know my life, I know I know all the decisions I have are hypothetical. I understand my life. I know all the choices. I never get faced with the truth. Never get faced with the truth. Yeah, never do it. I try to give me the line. I've had girls do it. I've had girls say, you know, it's not what I'm asking, it has a girl ever come in between. You guys, since you were kids, never. It's impossible. That's because of the value of top down. Completely. It's absolutely impossible. of compliance and respect at that time.  What's the name was first? Yeah. Where would it be today? If you're raising kids today, what is number one that's in God? It is God. It is the me second, then who? No, it is God. It's God first and then it's the last name of the legacy in my teaching. I think it has to be God first. I think it has to be God first. It's God is the only thing that can resist this insanity. What is happening is truly evil. This is not some different worldview. No, it is evil because it is dishonest. Anything that is dishonest must be evil. It is a lie. All of it is a lie. It is constructed deliberately to be a lie. It is deliberately constructed to alter the minds of people to believe in lies is evil. So it has to be God first. And I believe that by children who put God first and then put respect for the last name and the things I've taught them second, it's very hard to corrupt them. How are you going to truly corrupt these people? It's going to be very difficult. And that's what I always try to do. And that's how I always raise. I was raised in the Christian family. I was actually raised religiously. Then I thought I was smart when I became atheistic. Because yeah, there's a lot wrong with the world. And obviously I've already...  apologize to that and I understand I was completely wrong. But respect my last name even to this day still there. And that's why I say to my girlfriend, if we're walking down the street in ten men approach the mishays, I just have to die. I can't be Andrew Taylor in a way. I can't be Andrew Taylor in a way. That's the bomb life. If you're living in this clan, right? You're living here, your family, your children's family, you're raising your family. Muslim is a lot of people. Your brother is still Christian. How's that going? There's one God's first. There's one God. I truly believe there's different paths to God. I truly believe that. Like I said, I'm not really just scholar, but it says in the Quran, people of the book. Even a Muslim Muslim man, I'm allowed to marry a Christian woman. They are of the book. It's only atheists that the Quran has a problem with. Because there's something morally corrupt in them. But if you're a person of the book, a person of faith, we don't even even even say the Quran when I was converting it. Or in some of you. We're not here to insult you or correct you.  There's different paths to the one God. I truly believe that. And also another thing I'll say about clan living. In my experience, I think that men quite often get long in those scenarios. If anyone is hearing the idea of this and love the idea of this, but they feel like it would be argumentative or there'd be problems. I think that comes from the women. I think it's when women don't like each other or the women's in the man's ear. You're too much with the guys that I think the women are more against it than the men for some reason. Unless you have a very strong frame in the relationship. I don't have that problem, but in general. The men get along. The men love it. I think it's quite firm and quite rigidly installed inside of the basic psyche of men. We like that. Men feel best and again in a group. It's why we charge at the gunfire. When we're with our boys, it's when we feel strongest. It's why we go out and drink and party. When we're with your guys. But something inside you just feel like on fire. I think men have that. A lot of the time it doesn't seem to work and it breaks down because women can be unhappy in certain scenarios. But this is why especially in some ethnic communities where...  The gender roles are more specific and defined where the man is in charge and the woman does this, they can live it all together in peace. It's much easier for them. Like I said, I grew up in a town full of Muslims, they'd have 10 families in one house. Women cooked, cleaned, looked after the children, looked after their man, the men all worked.