 Even when I was fighting all I did was try different ways to make money I tried to I tried a million things and that's what you have to do You have to try a bunch of things and learn a bunch of lessons to do you have I finally find something that works So that's a good question I think one of the reasons why I was so motivated to make money is because even when I was completely broke Through fighting I had access to a lifestyle. I saw I saw money, right? So man, I could tell you stories now that even sounds stupid to me. I went to doville, France to fight for a world title And I was sitting there and the promoter hadn't turned up yet and I ordered two waters two peria Yeah, and they came and they were like nine euro each and I paid for them and I said to Tristan 20 quid for fucking water Because we're brokeies and he's like yeah, that's crazy and and and we look it around and there's all these tables Just with water champagne food You know like a thousand dollar lunch is thousand pound lunch is no one gave a shit right and we're sitting there going Where are we going wrong with life like we're worried about the price of water that dude's got a lobster  He's got like big balls on the table. The base up. We're going wrong. So I always knew there was outside of the matrix. There were these people who were living in a way that money didn't have any significance. Money wasn't real to them. So I always knew it. I was always around it, especially through fighting. I went to a bunch of crazy countries, Kazakhstan, all these places. We're in Kazakhstan, a poor country. It's just G-wagon, G-wagon, G-wagon, G-wagon. I'm like, what's going on? Like there are people who are living outside the matrix. And once you live outside of it, once you get to a certain level of incomes and wealth, everything becomes free. Like when I was looking at the price of that water, no one else in that restaurant even looked at the price of anything. It didn't matter. And that's what I'm like now. I don't know the price of anything I eat or buy. If it's not a house or a car, even most super cars, Gene. I don't even know. If I want the new Maserati, the MC20, the spider, I'm just going to text my boy, yeah, fully spec every option. And I'm just going to come out the bank and I know this. Like it doesn't make a difference. If I have 11.8 million or 11.4 million,  What does it doesn't make it doesn't mean anything so you get to a point where the whole world's free And then you start just buy and stuff Not because you want it but because it's completely free So even if you 1% want it right you're like oh well, I kind of maybe it might use it once I might try it one day this summer Yeah, you know and that's that you get to it's the same way people just buy coffee I went when you end up doing that with everything so I always knew that that kind of life existed I used to talk with my brother about all the time. I was like bro We're doing something wrong something doesn't add up. We're still thinking in terms of like make money spend money money in the bank It doesn't there's people who are living for free and they just point at things and they get everything they want My brother used to call me crazy. He said what are you talking about? No, there's the matrix. We're inside the system. We need to escape and Now I managed to find a way out. So I always knew it existed. I was always looking for it and and it does exist Man, you can get to a point of income. You can get to a point of wealth generation where literally everything  I can't I don't know how to say I want to say it in a more articulate way for the sake of the podcast You only act and explain it is everything is free. That's how I view the world Everything's free if I want something. It's free. I want dinner's free coffee's free super cars are free Private jets of free it's free. It's free. I just want it because all they want is numbers on a screen Yeah, and numbers on a screen are on what's numbers on a screen? It's nothing. It's free I don't know how else to say it you're telling me If I give you some numbers on a screen you're gonna go and build me a W16 Bugatti sheer on pierceport and you're gonna deliver it to me in my house and you're gonna put it in the color I want and it's gonna be gorgeous and beautiful and everyone's gonna be jealous and you're gonna do that and all you want There's a few numbers on a screen It's free. I don't know. I don't know how else to explain it. That's the world. That's the level the world gets to I think That's one of the biggest mistakes that people can make and and one of the largest things that hold people back from wealth is to people around them Not only because of the mindsets of the people around them, but also trying to find people around you who you can  truly actually trust is difficult. Yeah, it's difficult man. I'm telling you, if you get 20 people, 20 full grown men in a room, and they can trust each other completely and nobody's out to snake anyone, even if all 20 are working normal jobs, but they pool their spare income, you will be rich. You'll be fine. The problem is finding 20 people you can trust, right? 20 people with normal jobs, even with normal jobs, you could pool your spare income, you could buy cryptocurrencies, you could buy houses, you could do whatever you wanna do, and you would find a way to escape the matrix, at least, maybe not to the insane levels, but you'd all be comfortable, right? Like, just pooling incomes. Problem is, one of them 20's gonna snake you, one of them 20 is what, his woman's gonna leave him, and he's gonna get fucked over, you're gonna get fucked over by extension. Well, one of them 20, his wife will be in her ear, you're always out with them boys, you can't be with them anymore, the woman gets involved, so it's messing it all up. So it's hard. The, a lot of people don't understand that the entire world, the most valuable thing on the planet, today is human capital. Even the people at the,  very, very top-estual arms of life. All they care about is controlling people. The people who are in charge of government and stuff, all they care about is controlling people, making sure you do what they want you to do. I don't want to get too political. I don't talk about Epstein's Island or the Latin crap, but once you get to a certain level of money, all they want is people. People are the most important thing. You can't have a business without people. You can't have a government without people. You don't have anything without people. So I don't see why you wouldn't have the people you're born with who share blood and just do a handshake as men and say, okay, let's not fuck each other over, let's get rich. Because now you're doubling your manpower, right? You're doubling up. So I think that I always will always close to my brother and he's always been close with me because we are a team and you need to have a team. And if you have a team, you stand a better chance. It's player versus player out here, man. It's on the street. It's not easy for every dollar you make, for every pound you take, you took it from someone else. You don't make money. You take money. People don't understand the way that money works. You're not the Federal Reserve. You can't create money from thin air. Every single pound in your bank is money you took from someone else.  And when I say take I don't mean it in a negative way you might have convinced them to give it to you You might have a coffee shot. I'll give you a nice coffee. You'll give me some money cool But you still took his money, right? So if you're out here trying to take stuff from other people don't you want to have a team? You want to do it by yourself? You want me Rambo? Because you get two of you doing it. You can do it. That's right. So The whole idea of this lone soldier this Rambo. I'll do it all by myself That's all dead, bro. You need to have a team. It's player versus player and for the same reason if you were out here on the street And you want to defend yourself. You want your boys around you as the same thing. We try to get rich Problem is is trying to find is trying to find guys on your level. That's the hard part, right? So you're interesting. You've always been close and we've always been closest to beginning every single battle Either of us had to face we faced as a team. Yeah, and our battle to become rich. We faced as a team We sat there and go okay. We are going to get rich It doesn't matter if I if right now I'm gonna start this business and I ain't gonna make any money So you're gonna work away G jobs, so we have somewhere to live and I'm gonna focus on this as a team, right? So at least we have somewhere to live  If I'm working way too job, we can't focus on the business if we're both trying the business We have no where to live etc So we've always worked as a team we've doubled up our manpower and I think a lot of men understand this and intrinsically would like the idea of this But a lot of the time women get in the way of seeing that a million times where I've seen women getting the way of Partnerships like that so many times Because they don't because women don't like you having a strong master in network because then you don't need them They want you to need them. I'll help you. I'll be your partner Broves that's the biggest mistake. Let me get me started biggest mistake You can make as a man you start try to start business with your wife or some shit because because now you got two different battles on the You got the relationship you're trying to be in control of and I deal with the business as well Now it's different if you were on the business and you hire her and she does a little bit admin cool That's fine, but I'm talking about let's say 50 50 business. Well, yeah, let's say your chick goes I want to open a beauty salon and you pay for her to open a beauty salon and now this beauty salon You've put a million dollars of your money in it and it's not open on a Thursday. Like why isn't open on Thursdays?  headache. We mean you're not a headache bro I just got a million. Yeah but Claire's sick and I have a headache and now you got to relationship it's all messed up this bitch is lazy she thought it'd be a sex in the city episode where she just drinks lattes and makes money and she realized she had to actually do shit you know what I mean it's all getting messy there was with you when you're with your boys and you can let's say you invest a million in something it's not open on Thursday you know what I said what the fuck's wrong with you tell me a bitch you're a man you could just say look we need to open they you can't do that with chicks it's hard so even now I've got 45 people who work for me and not single one is a female not one well women don't need money this is the thing I mean there are women out there who say they need to get the bag and all this crap I think it's very masculine mindset for a female to have women don't really need money not to the extent a man needs money I understand they need to live and they say it's expensive to get their nails done blah blah blah but they don't they don't need a nice car they don't need a nice place to even live they don't need to pay for bottle bills or table spends and none of these things they don't need any of that if they're attractive so being a true  attractive in and of itself is is a curse. I don't really, I don't know of this this idea of ugly even then is warped because Hey, let's say a girl right goes to the gym every day her body is banging her hair is long and it's nice and it's maintained Shorten her nails are done. She got a nice manicure. She got sunglasses on. She's dressed up nice She got a little dress on. She's got heels on. She's walking on the street. It's hard to be ugly You know me like you might only be a six, but you're all right like dude still want you still bangable You're still bitch. You know what I'm saying? It's very hard as a chick to become unbangable If you're trying your best unless you fully give up unless you give up so I think the path for Because we have to not conflate in confused issues here what we're actually talking about is status We're not talking about money. We're talking about status men want money because we want to be high status males Females want to be high status females. They don't need money to do that They can do that purely through their estates. So if I was a woman, thank God. I'm not so I think I'd be a terrible existence  But if I was a woman I would understand okay, I want to be the highest state of female I can I need to I need to look good I need to look gorgeous and get a bang an Instagram profile. I'm a high status now now billionaires want to talk to me For a billionaire to want to talk to us. We need money It's not a whole you know I'm saying like if you see if there's a billionaire's boat the chicks who get on that boat don't have to be anything other than pretty That is it for us to get on that boat We have to be connected important rich interesting got no people with a network. It's hard So what I'm saying is if you're looking for status whether as a male or female there's different paths I don't think a rich female is a high-status female if you're to take a woman Who's unattractive, but she had a bunch of money? No one's gonna look her and go wow. No, it's gonna give a shit. I don't care It's busted. I'm interested. I could give me the 19 year old brokey with the big titties That's that's the one I want to talk to so Women can access money and women can access high-status men via their aesthetics So I think that's a much more intelligent way  for a female to increase her stays. Now I know this is gonna upset everyone. Do you wanna be sitting there going, you're saying women are only good for how they look? Ta-da, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. This other crap. I'm not saying that. I'm saying that women are judged instantly on how they look. Just like men are judged instantly on our status. How rich we are, the car we turn up in, the table we're sitting at, that's the real world. Now maybe you have more than just some big tits, maybe you also a nice person, it's unlikely, but maybe you are. But that's, but we're just talking about status games here, right? So any woman who's dedicating herself to hustling instead of dedicating herself to the gym is making a mistake. But truthfully, we're living in a world now where the two things that the webcam business really is selling, is it selling attention, which is the first thing, we live in an attention economy, and also it's selling information, it's selling, it's a service, right? It's not a physical product. So I sat there and I understood that even if I launched my webcam business, if I had a brand new girl, I have to, she has to get attention, right? People have to notice she exists to wanna spend money on her. So you have to be an expert at soliciting attention.  And then once you get the attention, you have to find a way to monetize it. So the girl would monetize it, my sit in there talking away. You could advertise her and spend money. That's all advertising is. Get attention for money, right? So I understood a bunch of things. And when I closed that business and I closed it because I couldn't be bothered with the female headache anymore, I still very much understood. Any business not going to launch from now on out, I need to find a way to get attention. Not in a negative way, not in an attention seeking way, but that's what advertising is. Now do I do myself out there. Yeah, how do I get attention in the world today, which is difficult. And then once I get that attention, how do I monetize it? Yeah. Because that's the world we now live in. Rihanna, when she launches a makeup brand, no one buys it because of the makeup, they buy it because it's Rihanna. She has attention, she can monetize it. Anyway, she chooses. Rihanna can launch a clothing brand, makeup, so fuss, who cares? It's Rihanna. She's going to sell, right? So that proves that we now live in an economy. We live in a world where the most valuable currency, the most valuable thing that exists is attention. It's extremely difficult to get because people's attention spans a lot.  lower than ever. Bro, there's nonexistent. We ever watched someone on TikTok? Watch. Next time someone's on TikTok, watch them. Because I don't have a TikTok account myself, but I see people on it. How long do they give a video to interest them? Maybe a third of a second? They're like, bro, that quick. If you don't get my attention and not point two, five seconds, I'm not interested. That's how hard it is now. And it's getting harder and harder because the apps and the algorithms are retraining our brains to do that. So now we live in a world where if you can find a way to hack these algorithms and you can find a way to get attention, and there's lots of different ways to do that, then you can find a way to monetize it. And off the back of that, you can become a very, very wealthy individual. And when I say modern wealth creation methods, it's because a lot of the wealth creation methods that you're going to hear from older people simply don't work. Such as property. Yeah, property. I mean, of course, the old guy is going to sit there and go save your money, put it in a savings account, get a mortgage. Bro, of course that worked for you. You're putting money in a savings account, getting 4% interest. Now they won't give us 1%.  You're putting your money in the savings account you bought a house for 85 grand now it's worth half a mill And at the time you bought it for 85 grand you probably earned a 30 grand a year Yeah, now I'm earning 40 grand a year the house is cost 10 times more I get no interest on my money So everything you're telling me is outdated. It doesn't work anymore If you're gonna follow the path that your parents follow you're not going to ever become rich You need modern ways to make money modern wealth creation And I won't say what all 18 are but we teach them inside of Hustles University because there are ways to make money in the modern world Which no one in your school is gonna teach you which none of the older people are gonna know they're gonna talk about There's a lot of ways to do it and one of them is monetizing attention So what you just said in regards to the affiliate section is one of the 18 ways I have there's a 16 year old kid They can 45 grand a month from his tick to Because all he's done is he's gone into Hustles University. He's joined He said, okay, how do I get attention? I'm 16. I'm not all  flawless orator, I don't have a life or life experiences which are interesting enough to be used in a podcast Which are gonna ever allow people to pay attention to me. Yeah, but take does so let me go and find all of Tate's old stuff Let me chop it up. Let me make a TikTok for Tate that gets attention How do I monetize attention now people are on my page? How do I monetize it? Well, I could take my referral link. I'm in H.U. Here. They can sign up get 50% off my link boom So he's taking attention the tension to I generate it all these ones chop up some TikTok clicks Monetize it and he's been a 45 round a month do 16 That's my bro. So like it's crazy So there's so much money that can be made But you have to find a way to get attention in the first place right? That's that's the hard part and if you look at a lot of companies so many of them have huge profit margins But they have to spend all their money on advertising to sell any product and then the margin gets wrecked because they have to get attention The old-faction way which is advertising and that's a very expensive way to get attention You need to find another way now. Yeah, and it's difficult. That's that is the only hurdle between being broke and bring a billionaire Attention  How do you get it without embarrassing yourself and being a jackass? Cause no one buys them a clown, right? So me, I'm lucky because I've had a very, very eclectic life and I'm good at speaking and I have a good memory and I have a lot of stories and I can sit and tell people and I can talk in a way that make people know I know what I'm talking about. So that's how I get attention, right? But if you don't even have that, then it's difficult. It's hard, you gotta find a way. And I don't exist in a vacuum, the educational system exists in a vacuum because the loans that they'll give you, you can only spend on that education. If they were to open it up to fair market, nobody would go university. They'd say, here's 50 G's, you can buy Bitcoin, you can start a business, you can put a house deposit or you can buy a degree. Who's gonna choose a degree? No one. So they deliberately link the loan to the education and say you could only have one with the other because they don't exist in a fair and open economy because they wouldn't be able to succeed in a fair and open economy because they are selling a scam, they're selling a lie. I exist in a fair and open economy. You don't have, you've used been $49 I hate you, you can spend that on anything else.  You can go by Snickers and people are saying Bitcoin's a scam. People are saying like the people are saying some of the most fundamental, rudimentary, new financial systems on the planet like the blockchain are saying. There's always someone who's going to say something's a scam. There's some people who are negative and the reason that people are negative like that is because it is a disguise for their laziness. If they say something's a scam, they don't have to try. Yeah. Right? If they have to, I'm not saying he's going to instantly make you rich, you have to work like you do on anything else of value. You have to get in there and try. If they get in there and they don't want to try, what's the first thing I'm going to say? Scam, I joined. He told me to do something. It takes an hour and a half. I'm lazy. Scam. That's it. That's 16 year old kid making 45 grand. He's making TikToks all day every day. He's working. Like, he ain't getting money for free. He's sitting there finding videos, chopping them up, making them entertaining, adding the fucking titles that he's working for. A lot of people with no money are really, really arrogant. I know a lot of broke people.  who are very arrogant. They'll come along and go, I think that's a scam. Oh, do you, brokey? Oh, brokey thinks that's a scam. Oh, tell me again about how my online educational platform, the biggest in the world, which I built, when I'm flying around in my private jet. Tell me again about how I'm out here to scam you of your fucking 36 pounds. You're dumb, because they're arrogant, and their arrogance is a shield for their laziness. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy, so they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard, I work smart, ballets, more cover. If anything it takes to say, I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works more? I don't handle. I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world, but I don't play tennis. So if I go down to tennis court, Joe Schmohsger spoke to me.  I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift Yeah, you understand you have to do the hard work first if there's no hard work There's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go I work smart I don't work hard so I only have to work an hour a day if working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day Then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done I am absolutely and early a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work I have all this money and all I do is work my entire life does work this podcast is work I'm getting the car with another meeting work. I'm gonna. Bitch. That's work She's gonna be on my arm at the in can on the film festival. That's more credibility. I consider it work to her That's work. I'm gonna go to the gym. So I mean good shape work It's all work my entire life is work and people don't want to look at life that way They want to talk about work life balance and being lazy and all this crap I don't believe in any of that. I believe in if you want to win you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing But work this player versus player  If you're gonna sit there and go, I don't want to work more than an hour a day, well the guy who does want to work more than an hour a day is gonna beat you. And no matter how smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And this is why we talk about things like passive income. Passive income is a f**king scam. I'm trying to people, I'm trying to people come into me saying, I want to make passive income. I'm, look, everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it. You need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money, you run out of time, you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles. My point is, if you have no money and you're coming to me saying, I want to make passive income, why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first. Because there's no such thing as completely truly 100% passive. You're gonna have to check on it. You have to maintain it. You're gonna have to find a new tenant for that property. You're gonna have to make sure that DeFi crypto farm you're in, doesn't go to zero. It's not a rubble. You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right? But the idea is,  People with no money are already so concerned with making money without work. It's amazing to me. You should be worried about active income. If you show me, if I'm a broken, and you show me how to make $1,000 an hour, I don't sit there and go, okay, but how can I make that passive? I go, cool, I make $18,000 a day, because I'm gonna work. You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time. I look at passive income because I have 18 hours of day I work. When all 18 of those hours are done, and my workload still isn't finished, I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive, either via staff or whatever else. And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time, and when all of my time is done, now I have to become more efficient so that I can get more done within the same timeframe. To sit there and say, I don't wanna use my time, so I want passive income is dumbass, is dumb shit. The 16 year old making 45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me and go, I don't wanna make a TikTok, so I want someone else to do it, make it passive that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working.  You have to just work. Some point you have to bite the bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me talking about passive income and they're a brokium, like you are just lazy. You are lazy. You will never get anywhere. Lazy people never get anywhere in life, doesn't matter what it is, they never get tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never going to get it. But also diversification becomes very easy when you have a good team. It's amazing. Every single thing I talk about ties back to things I've already talked about before. We talk about having good people around you, right? So how can I run all these casinos while I'm not even there? Well, I've got people around me who can do things for me. I've got a good team of people. If you start with a good team, you're going to make it. This is really true. Brotherhood in and of itself is so valuable. If you sit around with 20 people and none of them are lazy and none of them are snakes, you're going to be fine. So you need to have people, you can, you know, give this guy's in charge of this thing. That guy's in charge of this thing. They're giving people a different role. Absolutely. Absolutely. You've got to have a team, you've got to have a network. And my network is so strong, that's one of the big advantages I have. I have people around me who I can genuinely seriously throw. I hope this pisses you off.  Because I'm telling you to annoy you that you're sitting there struggling in pay your bills or are people out there making so much money you couldn't possibly fatherly about anything they want all of the time and you may sit there go but they're miserable a lot of them aren't trust me they're having a great time so you need to make a bunch more money because there's money everywhere we don't really learn lessons unless they're learning the hard way yeah I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way you're not gonna learn it you can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson bro you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes this car nearly crashes this car doesn't slow his ass down to be wrecks it yeah like this is how people are right so you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind and it's the same with everything it's the same with driving a car or business truthfully if you want to learn a lesson about business you're gonna have to suffer at some point right so we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies XYZ blah blah blah I get that the truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company but they just act an idiot and all blo-  up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, it's, and don't, and don't be done with it. So you need to, you need to go through some pain. You need to experience some negative things. You need to have to, to a degree, some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right. The book, that's, that's not going to teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets. You need to, you need to make mistakes. You need to suffer. You need to have the tax man knocking at your door. You got to deal with all that stuff so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that the humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kind of how it works. But also, you know, life teaches you a lot. And I think a lot of people are not very self reflective of their own lives. I don't think you can read a book and that's great. But I think if you're living an interesting life, if you were to take half an hour a day to actually sit and go, okay, what good has happened to me today? And what bad has happened to me today? Why have those things happened? And how can I prevent them from happening again? Most people, that kind of crap doesn't even cross their mind. So every day, I will sit at the end of the day and go,  what bad is happening to me today? How did that happen? Did I get caught slipping on the street? Did some guys come up to me? And I was like, I could have been a dangerous situation. Like how could I genuinely have improved my reality? And you can self-reflect and teach yourself and everything. But that's the total ownership of your life, isn't it? But you have to have a lot of people don't. You have to have ownership of everything good that's ever happened to you and everything bad that's ever happened to you. I've complete ownership for the fact I was canceled. I don't sit there and go, oh, they're lying about me. Yes, they're lying, but I still own it completely. They're lying about me and they're talking shit, but I own it and I took responsibility for it and I sat there and I took absolute accountability and I thought, okay, how can I turn this in my favor and I beat them? If I'm walking down the street and it starts to rain, I take responsibility for that. I didn't have to be in rainy London. I could have been somewhere else. I could have brought an umbrella. I could have took a car. I am responsible for getting wet in the rain. And there's people out here who just don't take any responsibility for their own actions, let alone the weather. If you take complete self-accountability and you self-reflect, you can learn a whole bunch of our life. Could you not just say that it's raining? This is unfortunate. No, but that's...  That's what losers do. It's raining. I'm on luck. I'm going to go toe. No, but they're not, but they still say I got wet because it rained not my fault. Whereas I'll say I got wet because I did not prepare for the rain. We don't really learn lessons unless they're learning a hard way. Yeah. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not going to learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes this car, nearly crashes this car, nearly crashes this car, doesn't slow his ass down to the wrecks it. Yeah. This is just how people are, right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything. It's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ, blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just act an idiot and it all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline.  on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, it's and don't and don't be done with it. So you need to you need to go through some pain. You need to experience some negative things. You need to have to to a degree some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right. The book that's that's not going to teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets. You need to you need to make mistakes. You need to suffer. You need to have the tax man knocking at your door. You got to deal with all that stuff so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that the humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kind of how it works. Pain is an extremely important part of the equation. Pain is the elixir of success. When people say this bad thing happened to me and I'm suffering, I say good. It is pain, which is required. It's one of the elements in the chemical reaction. The chemical reaction requires five particular, in distinct compounds. And you have four and you're missing one. It simply doesn't work. Pain for a man is one of the most important elements in becoming successful.  Batman is Batman because they killed his parents. If they did not kill his parents, he would not be Batman. You're supposed to suffer. You're supposed to take that pain. The worst thing that could happen to you as a man is you live a life with no pain in it. To be born into a rich family and have a nice easy life and be given money and you don't have to go to the gym and not to train because you have bodyguards and sit around like a fuck up. You're going to be miserable and unhappy and a drug addict buying prostitutes. You're only going to have women who adore you. You're only going to feel confident in yourself and feel happy when you've been through hell and come out the other side. I think follow your passion is also a terrible piece of advice. Yeah. Yeah. People say, Hey man, you need to find your what you're passionate about and do that. And what they're trying to say is only do what you like because you have no motivation to do anything else. And motivation in and of itself is a scam. I don't believe in motivation. I believe in discipline. I am not motivated to do the things I'm supposed to do every day. I don't wake up full of like joy. I have to go to the gym or that I have to work or deal with crap. I don't feel  I do them. I'm disciplined. I do them regardless of how I feel. Whether I'm in the mood to do it or I'm not in the mood to do it It gets done. That's discipline. Discipline's a real thing. Motivation is fleeting. Yeah, you're never gonna be permanently motivated So if someone comes along and says, oh, do what you're passionate about what they're saying is you'll have endless motivation And then you'll be able to try hard. You're really kind of person who can only try hard at something he enjoys Then you're gonna fail because most things you enjoy don't pay any money if they paid money you wouldn't enjoy them It's called a job, right? Nobody likes their job. You like your hobby. I'm sure you like playing video games Maybe 1% not point 1% can make money from video games, right? Most people you're never gonna make it Yeah, do you think the guy in China who owns a concrete plant is passionate about concrete He's sitting there stroking it at night naked in bed. Fuck no, it's money Be passionate about success if you're passionate about money Then you can be passionate about anything. I'll be passionate about any business on earth that pays me If you pay me a billion dollars to dig that hole, I'll be very passionate about that hole I will dig that hole with passion for the cash because you know the  Yeah, it's right. So when people come along and say, oh, you need to find something you're passionate about follow your passion Pro you to follow your passion to the fucking food bank You're never gonna make any money that way you have to sit there But what is going to be to be out competing all the other people on the planet who are hyper competitive And if you think you have eight hours to sit there and just read a book You are wasting your time you are too slow and you are going to lose against people like me because we're just too quick Too fast are networks to two various and large and we make decisions too quickly and we absorb Information too quickly and you're just behind the time you're done reading the book the moves have been made It's over. Yeah, it games over chest teaches you that if you lose at some point you made a mistake It doesn't matter if it's the smallest mistake It doesn't matter if you just took too long too long to think to make the right move and you run out of time on the clock At some point you fucked up you lose that games 100% accountability with no luck That's what's so important about learning chess. That's the first thing and the second thing is you need to as a man Adopt the mindset the absolutely everything that happens to you is completely in our  your fault, whether it's good or bad. And most people men don't have that. Most men don't have that. When the matrix was attacking me and they were destroying me, when they're calling out my ex is trying to get fake fucking charges on me and put me in jail. When they closed my banking accounts, I'll use $10, $11 million. When they banned me on all course, all social media is in lie about me. When they harassed my family, and did a, I'm sitting there going, this is my fault. All of this is me. I got here. It's my fault. I'm not going. That was unfair. It was orchestrated. The NGOs worked against me because I is not helpful. That's accountability. It's 100% accountability and all things. But also when I go out there and I start to be gadi, it's like, that's me. This is my, this is my fault. The cars my fault and the big house is my fault. And everything that ever goes wrong is my fault. Absolutely. You have to take complete and our accountability for everything. You can't make excuses ever. There's never an excuse. And you're right. People try and put things on the outward, outward, on the outside. It's interesting. I remember watching Forest Gump about five years ago. I was on a plane. I can't remember what I was flying in the beginning of Forest Gump. It has a scene in it, which I don't.  I think many people actually have ever analyzed or anticipated or understood what the scene means. But when he's sitting on the bench at the beginning, think about it for us, come. You see on the bench at the beginning and there's a feather. You're way out there. And then it lands on him and the movie begins. What they're saying with that is, for us as a feather and life has just pushed him all over and put him in all these unusual scenarios. Life has directed him everywhere. That's what it's saying. And if you're going to be the guy and you're going to allow life to happen to you and you're not going to happen to life, then you're at mercy of the wind. Perhaps it might work out okay, but it might not, right? So you have to be the guy who goes, okay, the wind's blowing in this direction. Fuck them. I'm doing this. You have to come to life. You can't let life come to you. Because if you let life come to you, then you're going to be living inside of a matrix and a system which is designed not for you to live your best life. It's designed for you to comply. And that's not how it would benefit. Even when I was fighting, all I did was try different ways to make money. I tried to, I tried a million things and that's what you have to do. You have to try a bunch of things and learn a bunch of lessons to find something that works.  That's a good question and I think one of the reasons why I was so motivated to make money is because even when I was completely broke Through fighting I had access to a lifestyle. I saw I saw money, right? So man, I could tell you stories now that even sounds stupid to me I went to doville, France to fight for a world title and I was sitting there and the promoter hadn't turned up yet And I ordered two waters to peria Yeah, and they came and they were like nine euro each and I paid for them I said to Tristan 20 quid for fucking water Because we're we're brokeies and he's like yeah, that's crazy and and and we look it around and there's all these tables Just water champagne food that you know like a thousand dollar lunch is a thousand pound lunch is no one gave a shit Right and we're sitting there going where are we going wrong with life? Like we're worried about the price of water that dude's got a lobster He's got like big balls of the table the visa like we're going wrong So I always knew there was outside of the matrix There are these people who were living in a way that money didn't have any significant  money wasn't real to them. So I always knew it. I was always around it, especially through fighting. I went to a bunch of crazy countries, Kazakhstan, all these places, we're in Kazakhstan, a poor country, it's just GWagon, GWagon, GWagon, GWagon. I'm like, what's going on? Like there are people who are living outside the matrix, and once you live outside of it, once you get to a certain level of incomes and wealth, everything becomes free. Like when I was looking at the price of that water, no one else in that restaurant even looked at the price of anything. It didn't matter. And that's what I'm like now. I don't know the price of anything I eat or buy. If it's not a house or a car, even most super cars, I don't even know. If I want the new Maserati, the MC20, the spider, I'm just going to text my boy, yeah, fully spec every option. I'm just going to come out the bank and I'm going to know this. It doesn't make a difference. If I have 11.8 million or 11.4 million, what does it doesn't make? It doesn't mean anything. So you get to a point where the whole world's free and then you start just buy and stuff, not because you want it, but because it's completely free.  even if you 1% want it, right? You're like, oh, well, I kind of maybe my might use it once for the Jesus. I might try it one day this summer. And that's what you get to. It's the same way people just buy coffee. I went, when you end up doing that with everything. So I always do that that kind of life existed. I used to talk with my brother about all the time. I was like, bro, we're doing something wrong. Something doesn't add up. We're still thinking in terms of like make money, spend money, money in the bank. There's people who are living for free and they just point at things. And they get everything they want. And my brother used to call me crazy. He said, what are you talking about? I was like, no, there's the matrix. We're inside the system. We need to escape. And now I managed to find a way out. So I always knew it existed. I was always looking for it. And it does exist, man. You can get to a point of income. You can get to a point of wealth generation where literally everything, I can't, I don't know how to say I want to say it in a more articulate way for the sake of the podcast. The only way I can explain it is everything is free. That's how I view the world. Everything's free. If I want something, it's free.  I want dinner free, coffee free, super cars are free, private jets are free, it's free, it's free. I just want it because all they want is numbers on a screen and numbers on a screen are on, what's numbers on a screen? It's nothing, it's free. I don't know how else to say it. You're telling me, have I give you some numbers on a screen? You're gonna go and build me a W-16, it's fucking Pogathe Shire on Pearsport, and you're gonna deliver it to me in my house and you're gonna put it in the color I want and it's gonna be gorgeous and beautiful and everyone's gonna be jealous. And you're gonna do that and all you want is a few numbers on a screen. It's nothing. Take it. Take it, you're gonna go, it's free. I don't know how else to explain it. That's the level the world gets to. I think that's one of the biggest mistakes that people can make. And one of the largest things that hold people back from wealth is to people around them. Not only because of the mindsets that people around them, but also trying to find people around you who you can truly actually trust is difficult. Yeah, it's difficult man. I'm telling you, if you get 20 people, 24 grown men in a room, and they can trust each other completely and nobody.  out to snake anyone. Even if all 20 are working normal jobs, but they pool their spare income, you will be rich. You'll be fine. The problem is finding 20 people you can trust. Right? 20 people with normal jobs, even with normal jobs, you could pool your spare income, you could buy cryptocurrencies, you could buy houses, you could do whatever you want to do, and you would find a way to escape the matrix. At least, maybe not to the insane levels, but you'd all be comfortable, right? By just pooling incomes. The problem is, one of them 20's is going to snake you. One of them 20 is what his woman is going to leave him, and he's going to get fucked over, you get fucked over by extension. One of them 20, his wife will be in her ear, you're always out with them boys, you can't be with them anymore. The woman gets involved, so I'm messing it all up. So it's hard. A lot of people don't understand that the entire world, the most valuable thing on the planet today is human capital. Even the people at the very, very top echelons of life, all they care about is controlling people. The people who are in charge of governments and stuff, all they care about is controlling people, making sure you do what they want, they want you to do.  I don't want to get too political and talk about Epstein's island in a lot crap But once you get to a certain level of money all they want is people people are the most important thing You can't have a business without people you can't be government without people you don't have anything without people so I Don't see why you wouldn't have the people you're born with who share blood with and just do a handshake as men and say okay Let's not fuck each other over. Let's get rich because now you're doubling your manpower, right? You're doubling up so I think that I always will always close to my brother because and he's always been close with me Because we are a team and you need to have a team and if you have a team you stand a better chance It's player versus player out here, man. It's on the street. It's not easy for every dollar you make for every pound you take You took it from someone else. You don't make money. You take money People don't understand the way that money works. You're not the Federal Reserve You can't create money from thin air every single pound in your bank is money you took from someone else and when I say take I don't mean in a negative way you might have convinced them to give it to you. You might have a coffee shop I'll give you a nice coffee. You'll give me some money cool But you still took his money  right? So if you're out here trying to take stuff from other people, don't you want to have a team? You want to do it by yourself? You want to be Rambo? Because you get two of you doing it. You get two of you. That's right. So the whole idea of this lone soldier, this Rambo, I'll do it all by myself. That's all dead, bro. You need to have a team that's player versus player. And for the same reason, if you were out here on the street and you want to defend yourself, you want your boys around you as the same thing we're trying to get rich. Problem is, it's trying to find is trying to find guys on your level. That's the hard part, right? So you're interested in voice being close and we've always been closest to beginning every single battle. Either of us have to face we face as a team and our battle to become rich. We've faced as a team. We sat there and got, okay, we are going to get rich. It doesn't matter if I, if right now, I'm going to start this business and I ain't going to make any money. So you're going to work away, G job. So we have somewhere to live. And I'm going to focus on this as a team, right? So at least we have somewhere to live. If I'm working way to job, we can't focus on the business. If we're both trying to business, we have nowhere to live, etc. So we've always worked as a team. We've doubled up our manpower. And I think a lot of men understand this and intrinsic.  would like the idea of this, but a lot of the time women get in the way I've seen that a million times where I've seen women get in the way of partnerships like that so many times because they don't because women don't like you having a strong masculine network because then you don't need them. They want you to need them. I'll help you. I'll be your partner. That's the biggest mistake. You have to get me started. Biggest mistake you can make is a man is start try to start business with your wife or some shit because because now you got two different battles on the you got the relationship you're trying to be in control of and they deal with the business as well. Now it's different if you run the business and you hire her and she does a little bit admin cool that's fine but I'm talking about let's say 50 50 business. Yeah let's say your chick goes I want to open a beauty salon and you pay for her to open a beauty salon and now this beauty salon you've put a million dollars of your money in it and it's not open on a Thursday like why isn't open on Thursday's? I had a headache. You mean you had a headache but I just got a million. Yeah but Claire's sick and I have a headache and now you got a relationship it's all messed up this bitch is lazy she thought it'd be a sex.  the city episode where she just drinks lattes and makes money and she realized she had to actually do shit. You know what I mean? It's all getting messy there. When you're with your boys and you let's say you invest a million in something, it's not open on Thursday. You can order something and say, what the fuck are you talking about? Tell me a bitch. You're a man. You could just say, look, we need to open. You can't do that with chicks. It's hard. So even now I've got 45 people who work for me and not single one is a female, not one. Well, women don't need money. This is the thing. I mean, there are women out there who say they need to get the bag and all this crap. I think it's very masculine mindset for a female to have. Women don't really need money. Not to the extent a man needs money. I understand they need to live and they say it's expensive to get their nails done blah, blah, blah. But they don't need a nice car. They don't need a nice place to even live. They don't need to pay for bottle bills or table spends or none of these things. They don't need any of that if they're attractive. So being attractive in and of itself is a curse. I don't really, I don't know if this idea of ugly even then is worked because let's say a girl, right? Goes to the gym every day.  Her body is banging her hair is long and it's nice and it's maintained Sure, and her nails are done. She got a nice manicure. She got sunglasses on. She's dressed up nice She got a little dress on she's got heels on she's walking on the street. It's hard to be ugly You know me like you might only be a six, but you're all right like dude still want you still bangable You know I'm saying it's very hard as a chick to become unbangable Yeah, if you're trying your best unless you fully give up. So I think the path for Because we have to not conflate in confused issues here what we're actually talking about status We're not talking about money. We're talking about status men want money because we want to be high status males Females want to be high status females. They don't need money to do that. They can do that purely through their estates So if I was a woman, thank God, I'm not something I'd be a terrible existence But if I was a woman I would understand okay I want to be the highest status female I can I need to I need to look good I'd look gorgeous and get a banging Instagram profile  I'm a high status now. Now billionaires want to talk to me for a billionaire to want to talk to us We need money. Is that the whole you know? I'm saying like if you see up if there's a billionaire's boat The chicks who get on that boat don't want to be anything other than pretty that is it for us to get on that boat We have to be connected important rich interesting got no people. We got a network. It's hard So what I'm saying is if you're looking for status whether as a male or a female there's different paths I don't think a rich female is a high state of female if you're taking a woman Who's unattractive, but she had a bunch of money no one's gonna look or go wow I'm gonna give a shit. I don't care. It's busted. I'm not interested I've given the 19 year old brokey with the big titties. That's that's the one I want to talk to so Women can access money and women can access high-states men via their aesthetics So I think that's a much more intelligent way for a female to increase her stays And I know this is gonna upset everyone doing to be sitting there going you're saying women are only good for how they look Well all this other crap. I'm not saying that I'm saying that women are judged  instantly on how they look. Just like men or judged instantly on our status, how rich we are, the car we turn up in, the table we're sitting at. That's the real world. Now, maybe you have more than just some big tips, maybe you also a nice person's unlikely, but maybe you are. But that's the we're just talking about state this game's here, right? Yeah. So any woman who's dedicating herself to hustling instead of dedicating yourself to the gym is making a mistake. But truthfully, we're living in a world now where the two things that the webcam business really is selling is it selling attention, which is the first thing we live in an attention economy. And also it's selling information. It's selling it's a service, right? It's not a physical product. So I sat there and I understood that even if I launched my webcam business, if I had a brand new girl, I have to she has to get attention, right? People have to notice she exists to want to spend money on her. So you have to be an expert at soliciting attention. Then once you get the attention, you have to find a way to monetize it. So the girl would monetize it by sitting there talking away. You could advertise her and spend money. That's all advertising is get attention for money, right? So I understood.  things and when I close that business and I close it because I couldn't be bothered with the female headache anymore. I still very much understood. Any business I'm gonna launch from now on out, I need to find a way to get to get attention. Not in a negative way, not in an attention seeking way, but that's what advertising is. Now do I yourself out there. Yeah, how do I get attention in the world today, which is difficult. And then once I get that attention, how do I monetize it? Yeah. Because that's the world we now live in. Rihanna, when she launches a makeup brand, no one buys it because of the makeup they buy it because of Rihanna. She has attention, she can monetize it. Anyway, she chooses. Rihanna can launch a clothing brand, makeup, so fuss. Who cares? Rihanna. She's gonna sell, right? So that proves that we now live in an economy. We live in a world where the most valuable currency, the most valuable thing that exists is attention. It's extremely difficult to get because people's attention spans are lower than ever. Yep. Pro, they're not existing. We ever watch someone on TikTok, watch next time someone's on TikTok, watch them because I don't have a TikTok account myself. I see people on it. How long?  do they give a video to interest them? Maybe a third of a second? They're like, bro, that quick. If you don't get my attention and not point two five seconds, I'm not interested, right? That's how hard it is now. So, and it's getting harder and harder because the apps and the algorithms are retraining our brains to do that. So now we live in a world where if you can find a way to hack these algorithms and you can find a way to get attention and there's lots of different ways to do that, then you can find a way to monetize it and off the back of that, you can become a very, very wealthy individual. And when I say modern wealth creation methods, because a lot of the wealth creation methods that you're going to hear from older people simply don't work. Such as, property. Yeah, property. I mean, of course, the old guy is going to sit there and go save your money, put it in a savings account, get a mortgage, bro, of course that worked for you. You put money in a savings account, get four percent interest. Now they won't even give us one percent. You put your money in a savings account. You bought a house for 85 grand. Now it's worth half a mill. And at the time you bought a for 85 grand, you'll probably earn a 30 grand a year. Yeah.  I'm earning 40 grand a year. The house is cost 10 times more. I get no interest on my money. So everything you're telling me is outdated. It doesn't work anymore. If you're going to follow the path that your parents follow, you're not going to ever become rich. You need modern ways to make money, modern wealth creation. And I won't say what all 18 are, but we teach them inside of Husses University because there are ways to make money in the modern world, which no one in your school is going to teach you, which no other older people are going to know they're going to talk about. There's a lot of ways to do it. And one of them is monetizing attention. So what you just said in regards to the affiliate section is one of the 18 ways. I have, there's a 16 year old kid making 45 grand a month from his TikTok because all he's done is he's gone into Husses University. He's joined. He said, okay, how do I get attention? I'm 16. I'm not a flawless orator. I don't have a life or life experiences, which are interesting enough to be used in a podcast, which you're going to ever allow people to pay attention to me. But take does.  So let me go and find all of Tate's old stuff. Let me chop it up. Let me make a TikTok for Tate. That gets attention. How do I monetize attention? Now people are on my page. How do I monetize it? Well, I could take my referral link. I'm in H.U. Here, they can sign up 50% off my link. Boom. So he's taking attention. The attention to I generate it. All these other shop options and TikTok clicks monetize it. And he's been in 45 around a month. We do 16. That's my road. So like it's crazy. So there's so much money that can be made, but you have to find a way to get attention in the first place, right? That's, that's the hard part. And if you look at a lot of companies, so many of them have huge profit margins, but they have to spend all their money on advertising to sell any product, then the margin gets wrecked because they have to get attention in the old fashion way, which is advertising. And that's a very expensive way to get attention. You need to find another way now. Yeah. And it's difficult. That's, that is the only hurdle between being broke and bringing a billionaire. Attention. How do you get it without embarrassing yourself and being a jackass? Because no one buys some of clown, right? So me, I'm lucky because I've had a very, very eclectic life.  And I'm good at speaking and I have a good memory and I have a lot of stories and I can sit and tell people and I can talk in a way that make people know I know what I'm talking about So that's how I get attention, right? But if you don't even have that then it's difficult, it's hard, you gotta find a way. And I don't exist in a vacuum, the education system exists in a vacuum because the loans that they'll give you, you can only spend on that education. If they were to open it up to fair market nobody would go university. If they'd just say here's 50 G's, you can buy Bitcoin, you can start a business, you can put a house deposit or you can buy a degree. Who's gonna choose a degree? No one. So they deliberately link the loan to the education and say you can only have one with the other because they don't exist in a fair and open economy because they wouldn't be able to succeed in a fair and open economy because they are selling a scam. They're selling a lie. I exist in a fair and open economy. You don't have, if you spend $49, you can spend that on anything else. You can go buy stickers and people are saying Bitcoin's a scam. People are saying, like the people who have seen some of the most fundamental rudimentary new f-  financial systems on the planet like the blockchain are still there's always someone who's gonna say something's a scam there's some people who are negative and the reason that people are negative like that is because it is a disguise for their laziness if they say something is a scam they don't have to try yeah right if they have to I'm not saying he's gonna instantly make you rich you have to work like you do on anything else of value you have to get in there and try if they get in there and they don't want to try what's the first thing I'm gonna say scam I joined he told me to do something it takes an hour and a half I'm lazy scam that's it that's 16 year old kid making 45 grand he's making tick tops all day every day he's working like he ain't getting money for free he's sitting there finding videos chopping him up making him entertaining adding the tytoles that he's working for that a lot a lot of people with no money are are really really arrogant I know a lot of broke people who are very arrogant they'll come along and go I think that's a scam oh do you broke he oh broke he thinks it's a scam oh tell me again about how my online educational platform the biggest in the world which I  build when I'm flying around in my private jet. Tell me again about how I'm out here to scam you if you're fucking 36 pounds. It's dumb. Because they're arrogant. And their arrogance is a shield for their laziness. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard. I work smart. Bollocks, more cover. If you just let anything it takes to say, I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works more or no harder? I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmo's going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some god-given gift. You understand? We don't have to do the hard work first.  If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go, I work smart I don't work hard so I only have to work an hour a day If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day Then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done I am absolutely an early a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work I have all this money and all I do is work my entire life does work This podcast is working getting the car with another meeting work. I'm gonna fuck a bitch That's work. She's gonna be on my arm at the in can on the film festival. That's more credibility I consider it work to her that's work I'm gonna go to the gym. So I mean good shape work. It's all work my entire life is work And people don't want to look at life that way They want to talk about work life balance and being lazy and all this crap. I don't believe in me that I believe in if you want to win you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work his player versus player If you're gonna sit there and go I don't want to work more than an hour a day Well, the guy who does want to work more than our day is gonna beat you and My house smart you are there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart  You are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game And this is why we talk about things like passive income passive income is a fucking scam I'm tired of people I'm tired of people coming to me saying I want to make passive income I'm look everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it You what you need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money You run out of time you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles my point is if you have no money And you're coming to me saying I want to make passive income. Why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first Because there's no such thing as completely truly a hundred percent passive you're gonna have to check on it You have to maintain it. You're gonna have to find a new tenant for that property You're gonna have to make sure that defi crypto farm your end doesn't go to zero. It's not a rub pull You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right? But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is amazing to me You should be worried about active income if you show me the voluptu  and you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour. I don't sit there and go, okay, but how can I make that passive? I go, cool, I make a 18,000 dollars a day, because I'm gonna work. You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time. I look at passive income because I have 18 hours a day I work. When all 18 of those hours are done, and my workload still isn't finished, I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive, either via staff or whatever else. And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time, and when all my time is done, now I have to become more efficient so that I can get more done within the same time frame. To sit there and say, I don't wanna use my time, so I want passive income is dumbass, is dumb shit. The 16 year old making 45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me and go, I don't wanna make the TikToks, I want someone else to make it passive that he wouldn't be making any money. He's just working. You have to just work. Some point of the bite, the bullet, and just work. So when someone comes to me, talk about passive income and they're a brokeie, I'm like, you are just lazy. You are lazy, you'll never get anywhere. Lazy people will never get anywhere in life.  doesn't matter what it is, it doesn't matter what it is, it's tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never going to get it. But also diversification becomes very easy when you have a good team. It's amazing. Every single thing I talk about ties back to things I've already talked about before. We talk about having good people around you, right? So how can I run all these casinos? While I'm not even there, well, I've got people around me who can do things for me. I've got a good team of people. If you start with a good team, you're going to make it. You're this really true. Brotherhood in and of itself is so valuable. If you sit around with 20 people and none of them are lazy and none of them are snakes, you're going to be fine. So you need to have people. You can, you know, give this guy's in charge of this thing. That guy's in charge of this thing. They're giving people a different role. Absolutely. Absolutely. You've got to have a team. You've got to have a network. And my network is so strong. That's one of the big advantages I have. I have people around me who I can genuinely seriously truck. I hope this pisses you off because I'm telling you to annoy you. That you're sitting there struggling with your bills or are people out there making so much money. You couldn't possibly father them without anything they want all of the time. And you make it their goal but they're miserable.  A lot of them aren't. Trust me. They're having a great time. So you need to make a bunch more money because there's money everywhere. We don't really learn lessons unless they're learning the hard way. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not going to learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there, nearly crashes this car, nearly crashes this car, nearly crashes this car, doesn't slow as asked down to be rex it. Like this is how people are, right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything. It's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies. XYZ blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just act an idiot and all blows up in their face. And that's the, and that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, it's, and don't, and don't be done with it. So you need to.  You need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things, you need to have to, to a degree, some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right, the book, that's not going to teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets, you need to make mistakes, you need to suffer, you need to have the tax man knocking at your door, you got to deal with all that stuff so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kind of how it works. But also, you know, life teaches you a lot and I think a lot of people are not very self-reflective of their own lives. I don't think you can read a book and that's great. But I think if you're living an interesting life, if you were to take half an hour a day to actually sit and go, okay, what good has happened to me today and what bad has happened to me today? Why have those things happened and how can I prevent them from happening again? Most people, that kind of crap doesn't even cross their mind. Every day, I will sit at the end of the day and go, what bad has happened to me today? How, how did that happen? Did I get caught slipping on the street? Did some guys come up to me and I was like, I could have been a dangerous situation? Like, how could I genuinely have improved my...  reality and you can self-reflect and teach yourself and everything. But that's a total ownership of your life, isn't it? But you have to have a lot of people don't. You have to have ownership of everything good that's ever happened to you and everything bad that's ever happened to you. I've complete ownership for the fact I was canceled. I don't sit there and go, oh, they're lying about me. Yes, they're lying, but I still own it completely. They're lying about me and they're talking shit, but I own it and I took responsibility for it and I sat there and I took absolute accountability and I thought, okay, how can I turn this into my favor and I beat them? If I'm walking down the street and it starts to rain, I take responsibility for that. I didn't have to be in rainy London. I could have been somewhere else. I could have brought an umbrella. I could have took a car. I am responsible for getting wet in the rain and there's people out here who just don't take any responsibility for their own actions, let alone the weather. Do you take complete self-accountability and you self-reflect? You can learn a whole bunch of other things. But could you not just say that it's raining? This is unfortunate. No, but that's what losers do. It's raining. I'm unlucky. I'm just a little bit scared. No, but no, but that's what they'll say. I got wet because it rained not my fault. Whereas I'll say I got wet.  because I did not prepare for the rain. We don't really learn lessons unless they learn the hard way. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not gonna learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, doesn't slow his ass down until he wrecks it. Like this is how people are, right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything. It's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you wanna learn a lesson about business, you're gonna have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just act an idiot and all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, and don't be dumb with it. So you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative.  things you need to have to to a degree some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right. The book that's not going to teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets. You need to you need to make mistakes. You need to suffer. You need to have the tax man knocking at your door. You got to deal with all that stuff so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kind of how it works. Pain is an extremely important part of the equation. Pain is the elixir of success. When people say this bad thing happened to me and I'm suffering. I say good. It is pain which is required. It's one of the elements in the chemical reaction. The chemical reaction requires five particular and distinct compounds and you have four and you're missing one. It simply doesn't work. Pain for a man is one of the most important elements in becoming successful. Batman is Batman because they killed his parents. If they did not kill his parents, he would not be Batman. You're supposed to suffer. You're supposed to take that pain. The worst thing  What happened to you as a man is you live a life with no pain in it. To be born into a rich family and have a nice easy life and be given money. And you don't have to go to the gym and not to train because you have bodyguards. And sit around like a fuck up. You're going to be miserable and unhappy and a drug addict buying prostitutes. You're only going to have women who adore you. You're only going to feel confident in yourself and feel happy when you've been through hell and come out the other side. I think follow your passions is also a terrible piece of advice. Yeah. Yeah. People say, hey man, you need to find your way. You're passionate about and do that. And what they're trying to say is only do what you like because you have no motivation to do anything else. And motivation in and of itself is a scam. I don't believe in motivation. I believe in discipline. I am not motivated to do the things I'm supposed to do every day. I don't wake up full of like joy. I have to go to the gym or that I have to work or to deal with crap. I don't feel motivated to do them. I'm disciplined. I do them regardless of how I feel. Whether I'm in the mood to do it or I'm not in the mood to do it, it gets done. That's discipline. Discipline is a real thing. You're never going to be pro.  So if someone comes along and says, oh, do what you're passionate about, what they're saying is you'll have endless motivation, and then you'll be able to try hard. You're the kind of person who can only try hard at something he enjoys, then you're gonna fail. Because most things you enjoy don't pay any money. If they paid money, you would enjoy them. It's called a job, right? Nobody likes their job. You like your hobby. I'm sure you like playing video games, maybe 1%, not 0.1%, you can make money from video games, right? Most people, you're gonna never gonna make it. Do you think the guy in China who owns a concrete plant is passionate about concrete? You think he's sitting there stroking it at night, make it in bed? Fuck no, it's money. Be passionate about success. If you're passionate about money, then you can be passionate about anything. I'll be passionate about any business on earth that pays me. If you pay me a billion dollars to dig that hole, I'll be very passionate about that hole. I will dig that hole with passion for the cash. Because you know the cash energy. Look at the money. It's all right. So when people come along and say, oh, you need to find something you're passionate about, follow your passion. Bro, you're gonna follow your passion to the fucking food bank. You're never gonna make any money that way. You have to sit there.  So what is going to be out competing all the other people on the planet who are hyper competitive? And if you think you have eight hours to sit there and just read a book, you are wasting your time, you are too slow and you are going to lose against people like me. Because we're just too quick, too fast, our network's a too various and large and we make decisions too quickly and we absorb information too quickly and you're just behind it. By the time you were done reading the book, the most have been made. It's over, yeah. It games over. Just teaches you that if you lose, at some point you made a mistake. It doesn't matter if it's the smallest mistake, it doesn't matter if it just took too long, too long to think, to make the right move and you run out of time on the clock. At some point you fucked up you lose that game. 100% accountability with no luck. That's what's so important about learning chess. That's the first thing and the second thing is you need to, as a man, adopt the mindset, that absolutely everything that happens to you is completely and utterly your fault, whether it's good or bad. And most people don't have that. Most of them don't have that. When the matrix was attacking me and they were destroying me, when they're calling up my ex is trying to get fake fucking charge.  I'm just gonna put me in jail. When they closed my bank accounts, I'll use $10, $11 million. When they banned me on all course, all social media is in lie about me. When they harassed my family, when they did a, I'm sitting there going, this is my fault. All of this is me. I got here, it's my fault. I'm not going, that was unfair. It was orchestrated. The NGOs worked against me. Cause that is not helpful. So it's accountability. It's 100% accountability and all things. But also when I go out there and I start to be gaudy, it's like, that's me. This is my, this is my fault. The car is my fault and the big house is my fault and everything that ever goes wrong is my fault. Yeah, absolutely. You have to take complete and our accountability for everything. You can't make excuses ever. It's never an excuse. And you're right. People try and put things on the outward, outward's on the outside. It's interesting. I remember watching Forest Gump about five years ago. I was on a plane and I kind of remember I was flying in the beginning of Forest Gump has a scene in it, which I don't think many people actually have ever analyzed or anticipated or understood what the scene means. But when he's sitting on the bench at the beginning, think about it for a scump. You see on the bench at the beginning there's a feather.  and then it lands on him and the movie begins. What they're saying with that is, for a sister's feather and life has just pushed him all over and put him in all these unusual scenarios. Life has directed him everywhere. That's what it's saying. And if you're going to be the guy and you're going to allow life to happen to you and you're not going to happen to life, then you're at mercy of the wind. Perhaps it might work out okay, but it might not. Right? So you have to be the guy who goes, okay, the wind's blowing in this direction. Fuck them. I'm doing this. You have to come to life. You can't let life come to you. Because if you let life come to you, then you're going to be living inside of a matrix in a system which is designed not for you to live your best life. It's designed for you to comply. And that's not how to benefit.