 Example of both enormous digital conquest and the risks that come with it is Andrew Tate. I'm from a council of state and moving. I'm now billionaire and it's because I actually tried my best. If I carry on with the trajectory I'm carrying on, they're gonna put me in jail because I'm too influential and I'm too dangerous. Is that guy unapologetically troll-like? Ostentatious displays of wealth and arrogance. I don't wear a big diamond patek. The f***ing half a million dollars to tell the time. I tell the time of my phone. I do it because I'm loaded. I have no respect for money. Money can use a tool and I use it to get whatever I want and bend the world. I can never be poor. You could take all of my money today. I'll be a millionaire again, too. And then the other day, virtually every tech company on the planet banned him. I'm the first person who's been canceled where it's absolutely monumentally failed. The single female's come out and said, I had a negative interaction with Andrew. He was a mean person. Andrew is empowering men to take past and responsibility. He actually teaches them how to leave the system, how to leave the matrix. You ask a woman, the kind of-  man she wants. She will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent. You guys are all successful enough. You can sit there and say, look, I do XYZ. I have XYZ. There's people out there with money that you couldn't f*** with. Faville. There is so much money in the world. There's no limit to how much money you can earn. If you want to stay a loser, stay one. Good. It's fine. It's fine. Stay a loser. I've never said anything about that. I believe there's only three reasons people are not rich. Here he is. Take your seat, Dad. The real top G. Are you ready? Yeah. So what we're doing now, we're doing something now. We're starting the podcast. So biggest podcast ever. And this came out of the blue yesterday, the next. Literally and we were thinking it's going to be a couple of months at least until we interviewed the man himself. How are you feeling about sitting so close to the tape my, my stahem?  Is that the thing people say, take my stuff? I am dangerously close. If you asked me two years ago, would I be on a podcast with Andrew Tate? No. But yesterday, when you told your mates that you're doing this podcast, what did they say? Yeah, they can't believe it. All right, cool, I'm gonna go get him. And if you don't know who he is, then he's probably the most famous person you don't know. To be fair, yeah, a few of the people that you told didn't know who it was. Or how about the hairdresser, yesterday, you said, guess what, tomorrow we're gonna be interviewing Andrew Tate and he goes, oh, that sounds good. Do you watch the football? He wasn't bothered at all. He wasn't bothered. I just thought I'd give up. He doesn't understand what a big deal this is. Is he here? He's coming up. The pressure is on. Is it okay? Is that perfect? Perfect. Okay. Is it really perfect, though? It's amazing. I appreciate it. Wait, the instant coffee. It is a very good instant coffee. I'm happy with instant coffee. I'm not a coffee snorkeling. Do you know what, so am I. Sometimes you can have a coffee from a Starbucks and you go.  Really? That's not that good. 100% And yet if you have your favor instant, you always know just how it's going to be there. Completely agree. I'm not a coffee snob. A caffeine tastes like coffee, it's hot. It's kind of crazy people sitting there go, Oh, this tastes like nothing like coffee. Of course it does. Yeah. It tastes pretty close to coffee. So I'm happy with that. So Andrew, you're arguably the most famous guy on the planet. At one point you're a Googled more than Biden and Putin, which is crazy. Do you feel you've lost a bit of your freedom now, having to think about where and when you go somewhere, and always going around with security guards? I've certainly lost a lot of my freedom. Yes. Everything becomes far more labored. If I go to the mall, you don't just go to the mall. You have to organize the day that you go to the mall and you have to tell your security team, and they have to plan where the car is going to go and drop off, and they have to be there in advance, and you have to decide which teams going inside with you, which teams. So yeah, you certainly lose a lot of freedom. I'm not complaining. It just takes a lot of organization. How about when you're on your yacht and people are trying to get onto that?  Yeah, that was kind of crazy. Yeah, that was pretty crazy, but it's good. My captain's good We can run away if we want to but you've got enough power in that yacht then yeah Yeah, and we move around a lot so it's kind of hard to catch us, but yeah I'm not complaining anyway it comes it's part of the territory right just have to be very organized with it It depends where you go in the Western world. There's a genuine security concern Which makes it a completely different scenario And London if crowds come around me. I feel super uncomfortable Where's in Dubai or Romania where I reside? Okay, well I first come across you Andrew you are disin testless and I came back at you a little bit on a TikTok and I got about 20 million views The richest man in the world Elon Musk Listen, I don't have time to fight have your guys message my guys and we'll have a chat on my podcast What what your views on testers now? You called Andrew out, didn't you? I did call you out a little bit I remember I remember and I love Elon because he loves up me back on Twitter. So I'm nothing bad to say about that  Tesla or Elon anymore. I am just not a fan of electric cars as a whole because I think that we are being forced into the age of electric cars. So this is the last great age of the combustion engine. So I think that you should have a combustion engine car for as long as you can. Soon you won't have that choice, right? So why wouldn't you have a combustion engine while you can? In 10, 20 years we're not gonna have that option. So, but then saying that, I did sell, I bought a rimacanavera the other day, which is a very fast electric car. So I've kind of moved over. I've got a few hybrids, I'm getting there. It's kind of hard to avoid now. But I think that combustion engines are all coming to an end, aren't they? Well, they are, but you'll always be able to buy one, won't you? Because you'll always be able to buy vintage sports car or something like that. I want vintage, I want brand new, I want the newest tech, I want the new ones. And the new ones are gonna stop selling, they're gonna stop making, and that upsets me. Cause I don't even think that the world's gonna function correctly with this electric car car, which wants everybody has one. How's everybody gonna charge your electric car? Actually think about it for a second. It's fine when the odd person has an electric car, fine. But you're on the motorway, and thousands of people need to charge your electric car six hours a time.  How's this going to even work out? The infrastructure isn't there. The infrastructure isn't there. You don't need six hours. Like when I'm charging my test though, it takes probably about 30 minutes, but you hold minutes. 30 minutes. I can put dead dinosaurs inside of my Ferrari at 30 seconds and I'm done and I'm out. That's very true, but do you take a break on a long road trip? Do you often go for a coffee or something? Because I quite like it, you know, just go and chill for a little bit and then the car's too pretends that he likes it. Yeah, exactly. I do like it. Well, Andrew's been show for driven, so he's relaxed and already. He's done to worry. What was it in May back today? Yeah, something like that. But I drive around Europe, I do very long road trips and it's fine for one person to take a break, but if you actually analyze the infrastructure of thousands of people trying to take a half an hour, 45 minute break, it changes everything. Also, the conspiracy theorist in me doesn't believe they're trying to push us towards electric cars because they care about the environment. I believe they're trying to push us towards electric cars for control because you can easily monitor our own electric car. You can see where it goes. You can turn it off. Yeah, imagine locked down in COVID with everyone having electric cars. Turn the cars off. Yeah. You're horrible for it.  but that's what they're doing for. Like, while someone's using they give a shit about the environment, it's kind of amazing to me anyone buys any of this crap. They sit here and they talk about global warming and then there's obviously the hypocrisy of flying around on jets, et cetera. But that's not even the true thing that shows you their lying. The thing that shows you their lying is the second they managed to launder enough money from the people and steal hundreds of millions of dollars, they go on by beachfront property. All of them are sitting on beachfront houses. I thought they were scared of the rising sea levels. Now they don't give a shit because it's them. Oh no, that's my house right here, right next to the ocean. So they don't care about the environment, not of them do. And anything they do, there's Trojan horses in life. They're gonna come along with something like green environmentalism. They're gonna Trojan horse it with control which is what every government ever wants. If you oppose it, you look like a psychopath because who doesn't love the nature and who doesn't love the world, right? But truthfully, if you look at all the agendas inside of it, it's about more control. And that's the garbage that goes along with it. And like you said, lockdown, it would have been very easy. Leave you another example, imagine there's a protest. Imagine people finally have enough and they get fed up and there's a protest and you start trying to drive towards the protest and join in to exercise.  You've done a crack right. Let's turn your car off. Now we're gonna do walk. And this is where all of this comes to you. You have to understand that every single agenda that is being pushed in the world today, all of them come with the Trojan horse of control, and I don't want to be controlled on that level. I want my car to work. I want to start it and it move. And I know it's lots of noise. I know it's, yeah, but I want, electric car just doesn't feel like it's mine. I think there's definitely gonna be a case that they're gonna give speed limit, and that will be controlled for electric cars without a doubt. And at the moment, of course, none of us break the speed limit. But if we wanted to, of course, we can as an individual do that. So I think certainly limits will come on like that. Yeah, well, it's a never ending argument, right? Of safety versus freedom, because when you talk about making somebody safe, the only way you can do that is to remove their freedom. So this is what they do. You can say, humans crash cars, humans can't be trusted. We're gonna put this limit in place for your safety. And they're right. It is more safe, but then your freedom is eroded, and then you have to trust the people who are taking your freedom away to never abuse their power. And anybody who's read a history book and understands.  as human nature knows that power is always gonna be abused. So it's unfortunate, it's kind of, you know, it's hard on both sides. If you oppose it, they're like, we don't you care about people who are in car crashes. And then if you say the other way around, it goes the other way around. So it's interesting, but the world is becoming draconian. I like to think we're fighting back, especially with the big tech censorship. That stuff's starting to go in our favor a little bit. That's what I was gonna say, actually big tech sensor Jew. And if you could undo that censorship, would you? I think they failed. How am I censored? I'm the first person who's been canceled where it's absolutely monumentally failed. And I think there's a huge, I think there's a bunch of pressure behind the dam. I think a lot of people have pissed off at these people, but what holds people back from really speaking their mind is that one's afraid of the cancellation. Once somebody like me proves cancellation doesn't work, and we put a crack in the dam, I think it's gonna break. I think a lot of people are gonna sit there and go, you know what, take off canceled, he's fine. So I'll say what I mean now, and I'll say what I mean now, they can't bad everybody, right? They can't bad everyone. Do you feel that it's impacted you in people reaching out to you though? With not.  having a direct link to yourself. I mean, we had you on Instagram before, and we're like, oh no, he's gone now. We can't get in touch with you. Yeah, I'm a little bit harder to reach, but I'm not complaining about that, to be honest. But yeah, there's more work involved, perhaps, in getting my message out sometimes. But I'm now on Rumble, which would have been fantastic to me, which is a YouTube competitor, and I have to give them a shout, because they've been completely fantastic. And it is amazing how quickly you adapt to the idea of being able to speak absolutely unsensory. Because even if you don't think you're censoring yourself on a platform like YouTube, you are. You may not think you are, but you're still sitting going, let me say it this way, and if I'm gonna mention the flu we all had to hide from, let me say it this way, that once you get used to just saying whatever you want, it's pretty refreshing. So Rumble's been absolutely amazing to me, and I think a lot of people are moving over there and making up backup channels on there. But yeah, and then Elon came and unbanned me and bought Twitter. So we're starting to win a little bit, which I think is good, because I think that without truth and without free speech, we were always gonna head to absolute tyranny and slavery. So there's Rumble.  give you access to your own data because I think that's a big thing like owning your own email list even and YouTube you can't do that all the other platforms you can't. Yeah you can own your own subscribers with Rumble. Yeah I would look into it heavily and the CEO Chris is really a hero for free speech and obviously Elon on the other side with Twitter. That's why I can't insult Tesla anymore. I'm sorry. I shut up now. How did it happen with Twitter? How did they actually get you back on what was the process? I just got an email saying login. Simple as that. How's it? Yeah. Job done. Okay. That was it. So today we made the really hard decision not to work with a sponsor on this podcast episode and it was hard because sponsors support the show they allow us to do what we love to do but we had to say no because they wanted us to take out all the most important parts and censor this episode and we just couldn't do that. We couldn't do that because it ended up losing all the juicy bits wasn't it? Yeah exactly and takes full of those. So instead we thought we'll take this opportunity to talk about our free discord community which you can join with the link down in the description.  And it's nearly 15,000 light-minded entrepreneurs striking it big together. All right, we're going to shut up now and get back to the podcast, but if you want to join that, we'd really love to see you in there. So the link will be in the description below. Anyway, back to the show. Obviously you've mentioned free speech. Do you believe 100% in everything that you say and everything you put out there? Or is it some of it just to poke the bear and cause controversy? I believe in every point I make. However, there are points I make in a deliberately aggressive fashion to upset people. Yeah, I do that. But I do still mean everything I say. Do you think that bike's back at you a little bit? A little bit too much sometimes or? Perhaps it can do, but I'm not afraid of... I mean, I'll stay right here. I've had a lot of people say, what's it like to be canceled and the whole world hated you? And everyone was out to get you. And there was all these people trying to contact your family and dox their addresses. And I didn't give a fuck. I don't care. Maybe I'm supposed to care, but I've had real problems in my life. I'm not some YouTuber. I've done real things, real difficulty and real issues.  people write and hate comments about me. Some doork with an an on account. I couldn't possibly care less. It doesn't bother me. So because it doesn't bother me, I guess that influences how I talk, right? But I wanna get my point across as compendiously and poignantly as possible. And I think that the aggression being involved in some of the things I'm saying is necessary for people to truly understand them. I think that's the reality of the world. So I'm gonna say it exactly how I feel it. And that's how I feel it. And if people wanna cry about it, they can cry in the comments section. I don't read the comments. I don't have an account. So I don't care. It doesn't matter to me. Do you think if the majority of people actually hated you and then disliked you, you would actually be a bit more worried for your safety? Well, nobody, that's the thing. Very few people actually hate me. Since this whole cancellation and I've been walking around, et cetera, et cetera, I have yet to have a single negative interaction with anybody. Male, female, adult, child, everyone loves me. The people want me to take kid pictures with their kids and the women come up and they say, we love everything you say about traditionally masculine men. And I've never even had the women hate me considering I'm...  that's evil, misogynist. Everybody likes me. But obviously there's a contingent of people who are strange in the world. But I speak my truth because I believe it's my job as a man to speak my truth. I don't do it to be liked. I speak it because I believe it. And I'm always gonna do that. And if public sentiment shifted and everyone decided to hate me, I would continue to say exactly what I'm saying because it's what I believe. I'm speaking for a large group of people who feel the same way I do. I haven't put a magic spell in the world. There's a large group of people who agree with what I say and it hasn't been said before. And I'm out here saying it. So they're gonna be fervent in fans. And also I feel like a lot of the people who are fans of mine and genuinely listen to my advice their lives improve. And that's where you have this passionate response because if you've become a tape fan in the last two years, you've started to really study stoicism and really go to the gym and get in good shape and get your finances right, et cetera. Your life in real time has improved. So you're like, you're saying tape's bad. He's made my life good. So I like it. So they're very passionate in their defense of me, which is fantastic. And then you obviously have the other side of the slave.  minds, the slave minds who obey anything they're told by the MSN who've been told on somehow evil. So they're passionate about disliking me. And it's interesting because the mainstream media still seems to have this power to convince these slave-minded people to believe that someone to evil would basically know evidence. It's truly amazing. See, speaking about that, I even screenshot it when I was doing some research for this. I found an article that's... You guys don't have coffee? You guys need coffee. To be honest, I need a red sauce, I'm full. I think coffee's a day. The first thing that came up when I Googled you is inside the violent misogynistic world of TikTok's new star. The violent misogynistic world. You know what's crazy about this? That's the first thing that came. How many things can they throw at you? Yeah, this is the guardian. Guardian. It was the guardian. I'd love to walk into the guardian HQ. You see all these nerds, sitting, fucking dorks, sitting there on their little computers, typing away. What's amazing to me is this. Nobody seems to want to point out the fact that I am now like you just stated that it was Googled, most famous person on the planet. Not a single female has come...  and accuse me of rape, not single females come out and accuse me of domestic violence, not single females come out and said, I had a negative interaction with Andrew, he was a mean person. In fact, if you were to put me up in terms of performance metrics against other people of my fame, I'm the least misogynistic man on the planet. And these fucking clowns sit here right in shit putting on somehow evil, because they're slave minded. These people work for the matrix. They're agents of the matrix themselves. They don't truly understand what they're doing. They are programmed completely. And these last three years have shown how programmed people can be. You can literally throw away their common sense, throw away their observation skills, and sit there and just absorb programming and say, Andrew is bad. Inflation is good. And they're just clowns. They're clowns. I would love to sit down with the clown and wrote that article and say, why am I bad? And if we had a podcast with that person, whoever they are, that nobody, because there are nobody, that brokeie. Across an hour, I would decimate them. I would destroy them. And they know it. They'd make a fool of themselves. So they just sit there and hide back and they're cave to talk more shit. clown.  Do you think the powers that be have pushed it too far recently with lockdown? And that's why you had this rise or was there another reason behind because you've been doing social media for a long time and the last couple of years of where you've really exploded, what's the reason behind that? You're opening up. Power is a funny thing and most people who have power in their lives don't understand exactly how power works and power is a fantastic thing to wield, but there's always a line and once you overstep that line, you have a difficult choice. So we can apply it to let's say a government. If you're a government, you have power. If people start to riot, you can send the riot police. That's fine. But if people continue to riot and you continue to be more and more draconian and you send the riot police to let's say shoot on our people in a crowd like they did in Romania in 1989, for example. Once you overstep the line with power, people no longer trust you with power. Once they don't trust you with power, you have masterbelly and things must change. People have been in charge from information for a very long time, had the power, but it got to the point where after lying to everybody for three years, nobody trusts them with the power anymore. You can't decide what I get to read.  I trusted you to decide what was good and bad for me and you completely ruined it. So yeah, a lot of people, anyone with a brain, anyone who doesn't work for the fucking guardian has clowned. I think most people are already done trusting the arch. Who are the archers? Tell me their name. Look at that. That's the name and shame. It would take me a minute. So once you can't be trusted with power anymore, now what do you do? Because nobody wants them to have power. So people are trying to seek out information in alternative ways. So yeah, there is some divine timing with my rise. Certainly, there is some divine timing with it. But also, it still takes bravery to stand up and speak out because I have had genuine real world detriment for doing what I've done. It's shanty dass. Shanty dass. I challenge shanty dass to a debate and have a nice long conversation and absolutely destroy her. So they can sit there and make a fool of herself. Well, I think their offices are quite close. So we could shout out from the window and get them over. Shanty dass. Yeah, anyway. But yeah, they're not trusted with power anymore. So it's an interesting change of the guard. It's going to be...  interesting to see who comes into place. But there has been real world detriment to doing what I've done. They did delete me across all social media and delete me on every app on my phone and freeze on my bank accounts and try and raise criminal charges against me for things I haven't done. And there has been real consequences. So how did you get around them freezing your bank accounts? Well, you don't do. You have to just deal with the long legal process of having seven or eight bank accounts and millions and millions of pounds frozen. And they just issue AFOs and they just freeze it. So this thing, it all ties into how deep you go into the matrix is the money that you have yours. There's a house that you own yours, is any of it yours? You piss off a government. Piss off a government and tell me what's still yours. And you'll soon learn that. None of it is yours. You think you own it. That's my money. I worked for it. I paid my taxes on it so it's mine. It's not. So bear in that intent. There is. Bear in that in mind. Are you worried about what you own? Because if it's not yours, they can take it away and you are speaking out against them. I don't own anything. I've heard you say that a few times. Can you explain that? Can you enlighten that? You own nothing in it. I don't own anything. I'm just some dude. I think you have a boogatti though, don't you?  Yeah, when you say nothing, do you mean you know? No, nothing. Okay, that's good. I don't own anything. There are there are cars. Let's say there's a that you have access to. Correct. A trust in Singapore may own a percentage of a company in Dubai, which may have access to a car that I could borrow on a social meeting in influence contract perhaps. Yeah, but I don't own anything. And that's because of you own things. They come for you. Elon Musk tweeted the other day. Someone tweeted to Elon saying what is to tick to what sorry what is to count down until they raid Elon Musk's home for releasing the truth about what the FBI is doing with the election interference. And he was response was I don't have a home. You get to a certain level of wealth where you're like, you know what? It's easier just to not have things. I don't have anything. I can rent anything I want. If I want to stay in London for the next 10 years, I can walk into the to the doorchester and take the pen the presidential suite at 20,000 pounds a day for the next 20 years. So who cares? I don't need a house. Like you just get beyond that point with money. So it's kind of like this middle ground when you're broke you owe nothing and then you start doing well and you own a bunch of stuff and then you get the top and you're just trying to get rid of it all don't want to own you.  Well, Eman said when we interviewed him, he said he didn't want to be a billionaire. He said as soon as you get to that sort of level, they'll start controlling you and manipulating you. So do you have a similar thought pattern on that? It's very hard to not become a billionaire in the world today. I think if you're truly influential, I'm already a billionaire if I had to have my net worth measured. Oh, that would have been one of my questions. You can ask me, I'm a billionaire. Yeah, so, uh, so... What are you bringing in today? You're bringing in your whole brand as the part of that value? Well, yeah, net worth is subjective, right? So Forbes contacted me to put me on the billionaire list and they wanted to know everything I owned and I told them I don't own anything and they were like, okay, well, they want to know my income and I said, look, I'll declare to you, I'll show you maybe 20 million a month or something. And they said, okay, but uh, the value, obviously then you value the company so things come from, right? You can take some of my companies people know about, like the real world, which is previously Helses University. If I have a business that is making $20 million profit a month and it is an online educational platform, the largest one in the world, and this is subscription model and you put an eight times...  multiplier on the profit, which most tech companies could achieve. That's an $800 million business. And that's why you sell business. Could you sell that business where you attach to it? Well, that's the point. That's a good question. That's a very good question. And that's where I never would sell it anyway, but I know what you're saying. But then it comes into other things like branding and the brand. I'm the most Google man on the planet. They can't ban me from algorithms. They failed. I'm the most tick-tock person on the planet. The most viewed person on Instagram. Like, what's the value of that? You could give me who makes these glasses. IKEA. This is probably a fun show. IKEA could come to me with this glass and say, sell a bunch of these. And I could sell a billion dollars in these glasses. It took me a week. So like, when I get offers, trust me, I get a lot of them. I'm not a fucking scammer, like Logan Paul on a clown. But when crypto companies come to me and say, will you pump our coin? They start by offering me $50, $65 million. They say, look, we've got $65 million if you'll mention this coin on a podcast. $65 million to say a name. And I don't do it because I refuse to allow my fans to get ripped off. Like, Logan Paul does to his fans. He's a fucking scumbag. So what is your view on that whole crypto zoo situation? Like, it's coffee zillow is doing.  a investigation at the moment and it is quite gripping isn't it? To clown. The dude's a, he's a person who doesn't care about his fans. He just wants to make as much money as possible off the back of people who watch him. It's different with me. I genuinely want every single tape fan, anybody who listens to what I say, to have an improved life. I want their life to be better for listening to me, whether it's in their relationship or whether it's in their physical stature or their financial capability. The idea of a 16 year old, spending their last money on a coin because I said so. And then losing money would bother me at night. And they will lose it. And they will lose. Of course they'll lose. The crypto is pro, this is what most people don't even understand about the crypto market. It's player versus player. You can only sell it for $10 after buying it for a dollar because someone's buying it at $10. Someone is out to lose. So you can't launch a coin and nobody loses. Why haven't launched a crypto? I can make $10 billion today if I launch a crypto, but I refuse to do it because people are going to lose under my name. Yeah, and it doesn't make sense why people go into these groups and it's all hold together, but they're actually just going to fuck each other over eventually. It's a clown world. And then you get to the point where you have to realize do I need more money or do I want to...  genuinely be a force for good and I don't need money. This is the last thing I need. So I'm not gonna sell my soul. Logan's obviously a broken. So he sold his soul to Capponc. And now God, then he insulted God, which is great. You see, you know, you see, you see. I didn't see that. He wrote, yeah, I wrote Bill Stan's and then he sat there and insulted God and now God's teaching him a lesson. And maybe he's, take his atheistic ass and go look in the fucking mirror and understand that there's powers in his university doesn't understand. And he can stop being an arrogant piece of shit and he can apologize to his fans. You can take the last money and his little broken bank account and refund it. Like a man would. That's what I do there. He's insulting me. I'd go and say, look, here's my bank of balance. I have this much money I'm giving it to Cherry. Guys, I fucking punk. He's also continued to talk on podcasts and pretend his fans are gonna care about him forever. Nobody respects that man any longer from the day he attacked me. Anybody who attacks me gets fucking wrecked. True Jory lost a response, I got wrecked. Logan got wrecked. I am divinely protected. These clowns need to just not say my name. So yeah, cause third people without morals and if you have no more alley on a long enough timescale, God will teach you a lesson. They're fucking morally bankrupt individuals. They're just sitting there, anything they can just.  grab some money from the world fucking her fans. So what is the situation with truth? Yeah, how's your best mate, Trudeau, Jordan? Yeah. I don't know. He lost all his fans for insulting me. He tried to say something about my conversion to Islam. He insulted me and lost all of his. I think he lost his fans too. Do you know what that is? Yeah. Do you know what you don't bring religion into things, too? Because that is your faith. My faith is my faith. That's a personal thing. Completely. It's just past free speech, isn't it? Yes, it's a weird thing to do. It's not about free speech, is it? Exactly. I'm angry at me because I pointed out some truths about him multiple times. Me and him have a long history of internet beef. He made a video about me five or six years ago. Were you on true news or something like that? He made a video about me five or six years ago and I countered his video saying his video was just tasteful. Then a bunch of screenshots came out about him, loving his sexual, some deviant sexual acts. I highlighted that to the public, which obviously upset him. So he doesn't like me very much. And I said to him, look, we can settle this in the cage if you want to fight about it. We can go and sell it watch the tickets. Now people should I you, but he's of course scared.  So, the study just does these little snotty videos and because he's upset, deep in his heart, he can't control himself and he mentions me and he said things he shouldn't have said. What a big pay for you, that would be you versus true Jordy. I think people would be very disappointed in the sixth second show, but I'm like, I paid for this. Would you keep it going a little bit longer? I would just end it straight away. I would just destroy it. Not even for the fans, you wouldn't just keep it going. I would just destroy it. But, yeah, so that's the story behind it. What about his mate was there helping him? Oh, what a little girl. Fuck it out. You can have both of them again, shit. But, you know, it's really crazy as well because I don't, all these podcasters and like Logan and Jordy, all this shit, I don't watch any of this shit. So, they say things and it gets cut into clips and I have a huge media team and obviously there's a lot of people who work for me and they court, they go through it all and they put it together and they say, look, this is perhaps worth commenting on when he said this that up. But, I get a daily report on my social media presence and performances and there's a daily report of how many times I'm viewed and etc, etc. And there's all the people who come for me at the bottom and mentions them. But, I...  I think a lot of it truthfully comes from jealousy. These people have been podcasting for a very long time and they've been famous for a very long time, and I've just come along and smoked them. I've just come along and just destroyed them, and they're sitting there like shit. He's the top G, I'm a fucking nobody. I thought he was canceled. Why'd he still get more views than me? He's supposed to be gone. So they hate me, and that is what it is. Yeah, they just can't understand it. So was being canceled part of your three-part plan? I knew the cancellation was coming. Yeah. I was prepared for a cancellation. I'll be honest, because I'm human and I don't lie. I didn't expect it to come as hard as it did. I thought they might delete my account. I didn't expect them to freeze 15 million pounds of banks. I didn't expect them to put a travel ban on me. I didn't expect like this kind of craziness. But you learn a lot, and I always knew that the world is and the laws and the legal systems we live under are clown shows and it's all circus, and I always knew they're subjective bullshit. But when you're actually at the end of it, and you're seeing how subjectively stupid laws are ridiculous for them to sit there and say, Andrew said women.  can't park cars, so that's hate speech, so that's a crime, so that's bail, so that's a travel ban. Name a fucking dude who hasn't said women can't park. Like this is literally insanity, but the laws are all subjective. So when you're at the end of it, it's kind of interesting. I was prepared for it for a very long time. There's very old videos of me talking about how you can't live on one grid. You can't live off grid either, so the only way you can protect yourself is to live on as many grids as possible. So for a very long time, I was prepared by having multiple passports and banks all around the world and all that kind of thing. So they failed to damage me like they wanted to, but it was an interesting few months. It was only recently I realized how in sort of contact the banks are with the law, and really you look at it, they are just one aren't they? Completely. Completely, and it's none of the money's yours. I feel uncomfortable with a lot of money in my bank. So that's another thing, like I'm now at the point where I don't really carry money at all. I don't have any way of paying for things, because anytime I'm anywhere, I'm with like my PA or my security team, whatever. So it's almost weird how  to like walking in somewhere, eating and just walking out. I don't pay. And someone else sits and pays for me. Soaps it. Yeah, so it's weird. I don't pay for anything. I don't have any money. I don't have any of that stuff anymore because, that sounds like true freedom though. You don't have to worry about the money at all. I don't look at the price of anything. I don't look at the price of anything. If a new car launches and I want it, I just say, give me this and. Soaps it. Yeah, literally give me, give me one. What options, all of them? Just take every box by. And cars turn up at the house. I've forgotten a bar. When did you reach that level of wealth? Was it within the last couple of years or were you at that stage beforehand? I was always fairly well off, but in the last, I'd say three, last three years, I got to a point where money is truly not real. Money has no value whatsoever from anyone. So if I want something, I'll just buy it. And I'll spend, I spend ridiculous amounts of money on stupid things. I know, if I, So what are some stupid firsts? No, but I compare it to my old life, right? Because I'm from a council state of attendance. And me and Tristan will sit around and talk about how insane it is.  that will go to a hotel and will prefer the shower head in the suite as opposed to the normal hotel room. So instead of spending three and a half thousand pounds a night in the normal hotel room, we'll spend 11,000 pounds a night for the suite because of the shower head. And we're saying, I think eight grand a night because of the shower head. Like it's so infasible when you used to make like 1500 pounds a month and you lived in a council of state and it's crazy, but money just has no value and you just get to the point where you do whatever you want. And you also over prepare, you overspend, if I fly somewhere, I say I fly to Marbella, I might want to go for a drive. So I'll get three super cars put on a truck, moved from book arrests, driven all the way across Europe, 4,000 kilometers all the way to Marbella, taken out, put in front of the hotel, arranged. I'll go to Marbella on the jet. I'll sit there for two days. I don't feel like driving, cars don't move. They get picked up again, put back on a truck, flown up, just, I have a security team, everything, it's just, you just do it because money has no value, I might want it. So, you handle the logistics for that because that sounds like a nightmare. Yeah, life becomes, like,  I said there's a lot of organization involved in the life. And you end up with a lot of staff and a lot of people around you who are good at these kind of things. And they become invaluable as part of the team. But yeah, there's people who organize it for me. So if someone wanted to get to that level, what would you say their net worth would have to be to not worry about money and just buy whatever they want whenever they want? Net worth is subjective, like we just discussed. I think it's more about how much you're, and I don't think it's how much money you have in the bank because you can tear through any amount of money, it's how much money you're earning. I think a good life costs about a million, a million a month. Well, that's a big thing. A million a month is a good, is a good life. Half a million a month is doable, and you can still live good. But if you want to really truly live like the best human experience costs about a million a month. And is that earned income or income with your assets, increases? That's income that you have coming to the bank that you could spot. Okay, that you're taxed on as well. So it's slightly less than that, but account, depending where you pay tax. When I started my business, I was told by my mentor what you've got to have to have a good life.  is 100,000 a month. That was 35, 36 years ago. Well, it's pretty similar now, maybe inflation and stuff, but I can give you, it depends on the way you're living, right? Because I told this story before on another podcast, but I recently, Dan Belsarian, message main, he said, look, let's hang out. That's all right, cool. And I was in Booker S, he was in France. So by the time, I only wanted to go see him for a day. So by the time I got the jet, I want my security team to come. So I had to get the four security team and they came and I said to pay their wage and I put the trucks on the car, the cars on the truck to make sure they were waiting for me there. In case you would decide to go for a spin. And then I landed with a security team and everyone needs hotels. It's eight people in a five-star hotel. And then you're on the ground. You have to rent these V-classes, armored ones, look after you. And you go, you see Dan, talk to him for an hour, you have dinner, and then everyone gets back on the jet. By the time I saw Dan in a 4-A hour whirlwind, by the time we moved the cars, which I didn't drive, and security came, et cetera, you spent 400 grand. You spend 400 grand and go see your friend. So would you class him as your friend? Yeah. And that's how easily you can spend money. I could have gone with here.  could have gone by myself. Could you have gone with that? Well, no, but no. Technically, technically you could. And you know, get a taxi or get the bus and then but you just don't because money has no value. And this kind of thing. Andrew Tate flies with there. How many seats would that sell? Yeah, that should, that should contact them. Shouldn't ask for a, let me fly for free. Yeah. But you know, I even said to myself, I'd never fly privates of how ridiculous the expensive it is, but COVID, COVID convinced me I had to do it because they kept telling me to put masks on. I couldn't listen to the fucking wagie. I said, you just get a water and just drink it throughout the flight. Yeah, that's why I was sitting there with Pringles. Yeah. But I said to her, I was like, my dear, listen to me. Why do you care? It's the rules, it's the rules. There's no police, there's no camera. Why please use your brain, engage your brain. I know you're some 21 year old Polish woman who's never fucking thought of anything in her life. But please think, why do you care? You know this is stupid. Nobody else wants me to wear one. Why do you give a shit? But the still rules, it's the rules. It's like they're fucking slaves.  It's like their brains are program. You can't get through the programming. I'm like, please, my dear, think I'll give you half a million dollars if I don't put my mask on. Would you let me? But it's the rules, it's the rules. Like, it's the truth. They're fuck, I'll never give it to her, but I said it. It's like, you say it as a thought experiment, but they just, they're brain. Money's no object here. But their brains are controlled. Their brains are completely controlled to the point where you can't get through to them with any form of logic. It was amazing. That was the worst period of my life. This fucking imaginary pandemic garbage. I'm a peaceful person. I've never literally walked around earth so angry. I walked into gas stations, mask. No. You have to wear a mask. No. Just no. Do you think is a power thing as well? There's no, like, a situation where someone would have power over you except for that when they can enforce it. Completely. And maybe I'm too egotistical to have people tell me what to do. Perhaps I'm at that level in my life, but it was just fucking dumb shit. And I'm walking into gas, and the number of times I walk into gas station, put a mask on. No. I won't serve you.  Okay, is the gas free? Cause I've filled up. So you're gonna take my money or I'm gonna have free gas. No, you have to pay. Well, then fucking serve me, dummy. Put a mask on. No. It's just some stupiding thing. In the end, they take my money. It was a big waste of everybody's time. And I'd say to them, bro, you're earning 700 pounds a month working for a corporation that wouldn't give a fuck about you if you go stage five cancer. Why do you care? If I lived, if I worked in BP and someone walked into my gas station and decided to start a fire in the corner and barbecue some sausages, I wouldn't give a fuck. I'd be like, please stop, bro. Whatever. Why do these people, they're so fervently passionate about the rules of the BP station? But do we need people? Are you fucking slave in your mind? Do we need slaves, though? Because obviously we need people to work and do those jobs that obviously the free people can't do. And this is the full circle realization when you get to the point where as frustrating as it was, you need this slave class of people who buy bullshit so that I don't have to do bullshit stuff, which is great. But usually the bullshit people can't tell me what to do. It's only during COVID.  They were allowed and now that's all over, they can't talk with the duty more, so it's fine. But if you're, and not everybody's mind can be free because in society would break down, but of course some people's minds are designed for freedom and some people's aren't, but it's amazing when you're talking to the slave mind trying to get through to them. And it played out even in my cancellation. There are people who would sit and get furiously angry about the subject of me saying I'm a bad person. And when you ask them one bad thing I've said, they don't know. How could you be angry about something? And you don't even know why. Soul clown world, it's absolute clown world. It's slave mind and the slave mind is actually a dangerous thing when I'm combating it. People think I'm combating it just for fun. No, the most heinous crimes in the history of humanity have been conducted by people who blindly obey governments. Blindly, if you're gonna sit there and be a dummy and blindly comply and be told to hate a certain race or hate a certain person or do a certain thing without thinking, that's how World War II happens. All these people who sit and say, I'm a good person and you're a bad because I have my mask and I have my boosters and you're a bad. No, I think you don't. You're the bad people.  History is full of people like you who don't fucking think who do as they're told and you're the ones who end up fucking murdering people. Not people like me. Everyone likes to believe they would have resisted the Nazis. They're the ones who would have not done it. But then they're fucking told to mask up and bend over for the fucking dildo and they take it with garbage. Clownware. I think one of the greatest things you're in COVID was having my own business. I think the same with you as well. Same for me. As you could say, you're going anywhere. It gave me freedom for anything. I got pulled over a few times when I was driving a van for work. Because I said, oh, you know, sorry, the car for work. And I said, we can't be working you in your car. So I can. I own a business. But with the van, I didn't get stopped once. I could go anywhere I wanted. Yeah. I was fantastic. I'm thankful to look down. But what I can't understand and I couldn't believe was how many people bought into that lockdown. You know, if you just said to me before it, we're going to lock the country down. No one's going to go out for three months. This is going to happen. I said, there's no way. They're not going to accept that. Are you joking me? And I think a few years before, they wouldn't have done either. But they seemed to have softened everyone. It's a nice.  their goal, right? Their goal is to soften everybody's brains and to delete one side of the argument. This is why I talk about the matrix. People say, why do you talk about the matrix all the time? And I say there are people who are living right now in a computer controlled the computer generated reality. If you believe everything you're watching on the news, you are believing a complete false version of reality and the idea of that reality is to keep your brain occupied enough so that you'll continue to do a shit job for shit wages, pay your taxes so you die. That's exactly the test of plot of the matrix movie. They're amusing your body and controlling your mind so that your body will sit there and do what they need to do until you're no longer useful anymore. And that's exactly what's happening. And another question I get is people ask me why I'm so interested in this fight against a matrix. And I try and explain to people that I believe this fight cannot be avoided. I think you're either combating the matrix and fighting against a garbage that they're telling you or you're believing it. And if you believe it, then you end up fighting against yourself. You end up fighting against your own mind. You can't avoid the battle. If you're a full grown man and you believe everything that's on the news, you're going to end up fucking semi depressed, divorced, miserable, broke. Like your life shit anyway. There's no way to escape this.  fight, you're either buying their crap and fighting against your mind or you're fighting against their crap. There's no other way to do it. Building on that, do you believe in clinical depression? Let's have that conversation. Sure, let's have it. Yeah, no, I do not believe in clinical depression. And you're never going to, I'd love for you to try and convince me it's real, be quite interesting. Do you think it's an invention of the US pharmaceutical industry to sell your pills? Well, I think that that's certainly part of it. I think that's part of it. But I've had this conversation with a bunch of people and my basic premise is that I refuse to believe in things that take power away from me. If you are in a haunted house and you believe in ghosts, you're scared of the haunted house. If you're in a haunted house and you don't believe in ghosts, you're just in a house and you don't care. So I don't like the idea. When someone explains to me the idea of one day waking up and being miserable and not wanting to live anymore and it's nothing to do with my circumstances and I have no power over it and no matter how good my life is, I'm still going to feel terrible and I'm going to want to die. That's not an idea I subscribe to. That's not a reality I'm ever going to die. But that's a reactive depression, isn't it?  You can be reactive depressed for the day, for example, or a while. Feeling, even clinically, you know. Feeling depressed is real. Yeah. Depression as a disease, I do not subscribe to. The idea, I believe, that if you feel depressed, something is depressing you, and you should try your best to fix it, you should take control of your life, and do your best to fix it. The idea, but they don't say that. They don't talk that. They say depression, like it's this magic thing that comes out the sky, and it gets in your brain, you're sad, no matter what, and there's nothing you can do about it, and you need to only take pills. And I think that's a very bad way to look at the world, and that's a bad idea to subscribe to, and if you start to feel depressed, let's say your girl leaves you, and you start to feel depressed, but you believe in the idea of depression, you're now gonna start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed, self-hip-nosing yourself, and hypnotizing yourself to being clinically depressed, and it's amazing how you can speak things into existence. I cannot become depressed, because I don't believe in it. So how about chemical imbalances in the brain? Bullshit. That's all been disproved anyway. Really, so it's all been disproved. Firstly, that's all been disproved. Secondly, even if that was true.  Even if I had a chemical imbalance in my brain, I do not believe in depression. That's just who I am as a person, I don't believe in it. I do not believe in things that take power away from me. So, and people sit there and they try very hard to convince me it's real, which is actually quite interesting because it's always usually depressed people who sit there and try very hard to defend this idea. If you're so scared, if depression's so terrible, why are you sticking up for it? Why are you fighting so hard to convince me it's such a powerful force? Why shouldn't you be doing the opposite? Shouldn't you be listening to me? Whose team are you on? Do you want to be depressed? It's insanity these people are so desperate to push this idea. Then you add in the pharmaceutical element and the fact that everyone's taking these fucking drugs messing with them brain chemistry. It's garbage. I think that you feel depressed sometimes because you're human. So you felt depressed at times. I think we're all human. Yeah, because I felt depressed. I mean, I had some major, I might not sound big, but some major dental surgery done. And it really got me down for a while. But my business is and running nose to be honest, pick me up because it was like, I can't be like this. Get in there to some business. Well, completely.  So let's look at it. Let's pretend I'm completely wrong, right? We can look at situational depression, like you just described. We can talk about brain imbalance and chemical imbalance. We can talk about clinical depression that you get and it's chronic and it's not that you do about it, whatever. Let's pretend all these things are completely true. The best option, the best thing to do is still to get up, be an adult, control your emotions, be stoic, and do the things you're supposed to do day after day. Laying in bed and doing nothing is never gonna be the best option. The best option is still to go to the gym, to work hard, to run your business, to be successful. So it doesn't matter, we're talking about the different positions on the chess board. But if the rules of the game remain the same, regardless of the position you're still trying to win, you still have to do the same things. So does it even matter? At this point, if you come along and say he's depressed because of X and he's depressed because of Y, he's depressed because of Z, and the answer to all of them is still the same thing, then I don't give a fuck why you're depressed. All I know, what I will say is a matter of fact, is this world is hyper competitive, especially as a man. Most men are walking through life and they don't realize that it's constant competition. I was driving here, even I was driving.  I was looking out the window. It was looking all these people just walking around. One of them had a fucking croissant. One of them was dressed like a dick egg because it's London. You think he's fucking looks cool. He's fucking moron. We've all seen them. Moron. Some of the dude just talking shit on the phone. Some other guy with headphones in waiting to be fucking murdered. Wouldn't even hear it coming. And all these NPCs, I'm just looking at them going, do they realize they're an endless constant competition? Every single pound they want, someone else wants. Every single girl they want, someone else wants. There are people like me out here. I will destroy, you could get all 30 of them in a room. And I will sit by myself and absolutely annihilate them in any single metric. And they're just sitting there just fucking floundering and wandering through life unaware of how competitive the world is. Well, I'm winging. How unfair it is. I'm winging how unfair it is. And this is my point. If the world is truly that competitive, you do not have time to be depressed because it's a non-competitive mind state. You could be depressed for X, Y, Z, whatever. I'm not depressed. And I want the money you want. And I want the girl you want. And I want the status you want. And the car you want and the house you want. And I'm going to get it and you're fucking numb. And that's the bottom line of life. If you gave that girl.  that stuff. He probably wouldn't be depressed. Well, he's get up on his ass and work and does it. And this is the point. He probably would because he wouldn't have a direction in life. I think it's a very empowering message that you share. And you know, you can, I think if you can fix it with pills, you can probably fix it by going to the gym and doing all of these other aspects. But pills doesn't even fix it. Pills just numbs it. Mars. Yeah, masks it. Well, it's not a holistic way to treat it, is it? Whereas what you're saying is more so. Yeah, what I'm saying is you're playing a game and it's a competitive game. And you need to build a mindset that allows you to be ultra competitive. If you want to sit there and say, no, I want a non-competitive mindset, then fine. You know what you call people who do not win competitions. News is correct. That's just the thing I said when I came second, it was like second is the first loser here. It's true. And it's just a bottom line of life. And it's kind of interesting because everyone pretends they give a fuck, but nobody does. Especially women. And I don't get attacked for women, but women truly don't give a fuck. If you ask a woman, the kind of man she wants, she will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent. I literally...  I don't have to think. I'm like, what do you mean? Because I just turn up and like, we're just walking the hotel and everyone's staff to do anything we want and the jets just on the runway and we just land and I'm in this beautiful place and I don't even know where I am and I get to just turn my brain off and it's great. Like, they want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and successful. They don't have time for sad dudes. They don't care. So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're gonna do it, you're gonna have to do it. You're gonna have to do it. You're gonna have to do the shit about sad men. So if you're gonna sit there and self diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're gonna have a shit life and nobody's ever gonna give a fuck and you're gonna perpetually lose forever. And that is your decision. I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even wanna accept that as a reality that can possibly exist. I don't give a shit what happens to me in my life, I don't care how bad it is, I don't care if the worst, most heinous things like a possible imagine happened to me, I know that my sadness, my depression will be temporary because I will never stay a loser. is against my creed is not my DNA. Yeah, and I think that's the whole message of...  try to get big and what we try and put across to the younger generation. Absolutely. And this is the thing. And this is the thing about society and MSM and all this garbage and the matrix. They try and convince you, don't worry if you're being a loser because people feel sorry for you and you'll get attention for it and you'll be okay in the end. And it's all this temporary fixes of dopamine by saying, I'm sad, don't worry bro, you'll be okay. But this bullshit, they don't care long term, the world doesn't care, nobody really cares, chicks don't care, business doesn't care, you are going to fail. That's even happening to schools now, everyone gets a prize. No, it's garbage. Of course it's garbage. Yeah, absolutely. You've got to have winners, you've got to have losers. You have to lose to know how to win. It's true and the natural state of man is a competitive state of man. And men have always been competing with each other. Even now, right now, we compete with each other. I don't buy Ferraris to drive fast. I do sometimes, but if I'm in London traffic, it's not to go quick. It's to show everyone else. I'm richer than them. That's where it is. It's a never-ending garbage. I don't wear a big diamond patec with fucking half a million dollars to tell the time. Until the time of my phone.  I do it because I'm loaded. And this is actually interesting about the world because the world's changed. Men used to go to war and fight each other in physical combat. And now we don't because we're more civilized in some regards. That's violence is still the bottom line of society, but we try and avoid it. Men are constantly doing combat by showing each other how we can move world with money. We're constantly in combat because of our status. 99% of what men do is for status. We want to be in good shape for status. We want the fast car for status. We want the nice house for status. We want the diamond watch. We want the hot girl. This is all for our status. Look at me, I'm the big dog. This is how we compete with each other. If you're going to be a dude who pretend that's not true or be a dude who doesn't want to compete, your life's going to fucking suck. That's very how it is. Do you feel like sport drilled this mentality into you because I used to be a competitive swimmer. I was always competing, trying to be the best. And I'd dad used to compete with radio control models. Yeah, how about you? Well, that's it. What is sport sports? Just watered down versions of war. Yeah. This is what men have always done. We've- Friendly wool. Completely. We've evolved to be in battle with each other to some regard. And if you-  under why fans get so emotional as well, because they're also at war with the other fans, aren't they? Completely. You know, and that's gonna kick off at some point. Exactly. And you look at the entire planet throughout history. There are ideas which are universal. These are not ideas that could have possibly spread or shared, because of the distances involved. It was a universal idea for the Mongols and the Chinese to fight each other, and the Aztecs and whoever else to fight each other, and they've tribes in Africa to fight each other. The Europeans, the French and the English, for fight each other. Humans have always done this. It's just like, no, I'm the boss. No, I'm the boss. Okay, then let's find out who's the boss. And now we live in a world where I think that status is the new form of combat, and the true expression of testosterone is showing you can move the world with money. This is why I do a lot of the things I do, when I shop to a hotel and every single member of staff, panics, and they're all standing there waiting only for me, and no one else is allowed to walk in, and all my cars are out front, and Mr. Tate, Mr. Tate, Mr. Tate, Mr. Tate, that's what it is. That's the game. And I don't have time to even accept the idea of a reality where I can't create that for us.  So we've all these traveling around the world because you are traveling a lot. Where'd you actually call home these days? Dubai slash Romania. Okay, but but Dubai massively impresses me as a as a city and the United Arab Emirates massively impresses me as a country. Because people think oh Dubai has oil. No, firstly Dubai doesn't have oil. It had oil and it's all gone. Abu Dhabi still has some oil, but Dubai doesn't have oil. The reason Dubai is so successful is because it's been deliberately designed to be. It was the vision of the leader the modern city. Yes, there's literally a man who's in charge of Dubai today who's such a genius and so forward thinking he sat there 30 years ago and goes we're going to do this. And he's created this city now where you have 200 different nationalities. Everybody calls it home away from home. No crime, no tax. The tallest building in the world, the best health care, best education systems. It's gorgeous. I can walk around without security. And it's like a utopia in a world that is all around it crumbling and he designed it and thought of this and did it.  purposefully and I find that absolutely flabbergasting. I think that's amazing that he's done it and that he can now he goes he walks around the city you see him in the mall he walks around the mall you'll never catch any of our politicians walking amongst the people they're supposed to serve because they're hated he is respected and loved by everybody and for that I just like being there I just feel like people are scared of the legal system as well on they which helps with the safety it's a lot but that's what you put here it's what what's the point of legal system is to be feared isn't it no one fears it no one fears it here right so they they've done everything right and when I'm there I just love seeing how correctly they they've built their society it's beautiful our apartments actually cheap out there to rent and because we have we had an editor that used to work for us and he was seeing all these tick-tocks about how he could go out to Dubai and rent a house out there or an apartment are they actually that or is that just a lie yeah so it depends what part depends what area like everything but I will say that Dubai is is massively on its way up all the world's money is moving to Dubai or at least setting up a second  in life and Dubai, in the event of something going wrong in their host country where they can instantly bounce. And when I say all the world's money, I mean everyone, all the Russians are going there. Chinese are starting to go there. Although everyone I know in Europe with money has got a second home in Dubai. Everyone's setting up because it's designed in a way where you can go, you can spend a few weeks there, you can get your residency, you can become a resident. It's so easy to buy property. There's Europe percent taxes, they've got banking, which is all legit. Some of the best banking in the world, they've got shopping, they've got everything. So I know that whatever the price of a house is now, in five years you're going to be very glad you bought it. I mean, there's been properties I bought a year ago, I've already made 60. Which you don't own. Oh sorry. There's people I know who have bought houses a year ago, and they've made 60 to 70% in a year. So if your company's a base in the UK, I don't have any companies. Okay, well, just for a random person, for our six-year-old, for example, our company's a base here and we move to Dubai. How long do we have to live there for it to be tax-free? Yeah, I think a tax residency is like 180 days a year or so.  something like this. But if it's a legal entity, if it's a legal entity, I don't think I know that they're bringing in a corporation tax, but that's only for doing business inside of Dubai. But let's say you had an online company, which is based out of Dubai and you're making money online and the money is banked in Dubai. You don't owe the UK a fucking thing. You don't owe a penny. So why? And why- When are we moving, Dad? Yeah, you don't owe a penny. And that's what's so amazing to me that you go around a city with perfectly clean streets and perfect law and the tallest building in the world and all these bright lights and all this beauty with 0% taxes. Makes you wonder what they're doing with all our money. Well, I mean, surely they wouldn't just be spawned or exponsoring random proxy wars and dumb shit like that. Of course not. They must be doing something very smart with all the money that you've got. Well, I used to have no problem paying any tax that was due to me. I used to think, well, that's what I do. I go to work, I run a business, I pay my employees taxes and my national insurance and I'm happy to do that because it's a ferviment of my country that I love. Yeah. I'm shifting.  Yeah, well that's... I am shifting. And that's the problem. As Patriotism breaks down, then the whole idea of paying tax just gets destroyed with it. And when a country is not prudent with its finances, like Western nations aren't, it pisses you off. You sit there and look at the dumb shit they're spending money on, and then they're coming along trying to take it all off us, and they're doing dumb shit with it. Like, I got asked last night, oh, on peers about this nurse strike. And I said, I think the nurses would be happy to work at the wage they're currently being paid if they believe the nation was spending its money prudently. But because they see the nation spending millions and millions to bomb random patches of desert or to sponsor a proxy war or whatever dumb shit they're doing, of course you're gonna sit there and go, wait, well, you got billions to that crap. I need an extra five pound an hour. And this is what happens. And I think Western society is failing. I think it's breaking down in real time. I think by any metric, you can measure a society with its birth rate, happiness of people, criminality. Anything you can measure, we're just losing. And on a long enough time scale, I think places like England and the United States are gonna become unlivellable.  I think they're gonna become unlivable in the States. What a shame that is, because it doesn't have to happen. It doesn't have to happen, and the patriotic Britain, it pisses me off. Because I come back to England, and I still, I remember England 20 years ago where you could go on a night out, and it was fun, and it was safe, and I still love England part of me, but it's just fallen, it's failed, and all of our leaders refuse to do anything about it. They just want to sit around and fucking take for themselves for their few years or in power. And we have a cancer, we have a problem here in these countries, which is being completely ignored, and it's gonna continue to spread. And I think that genuinely within 30 years, England's gonna be unlivable. I think anybody with any rent, semblance of money will be in Dubai where they can walk around in safety. No one's staying here to get repeatedly robbed. The no one with money is gonna stay here to get repeated. Even me, it costs me so much money to be in London. By the time I have my five-man security team and hotels for everybody and stay somebody secure in an armored car, and that it costs me like 30 or 40,000 pounds a day to visit the city.  There's nothing here. I can't even go for a drink in a club because there's gonna be someone outside with a fucking blade. It's clown world. Especially with your watch on. It's clown world. It's clown world. You can't live in this city anymore. Unless you just wanna be some mid-tier brokey. I don't wanna be that guy. In Romania, everyone knows where my house is in Romania. Everybody knows the middle of the city. My Bugatti's on my fucking driveway. No one would dare touch me in Romania. No one would dare. Here, you can't even have a nice car on your drive. Not live in a Bugatti. A Range Rover, right? A friend of the other day. I tried to rob him his house cause there's Range Rover's on the drive. It's not even a fucking, it's a hundred grand car. It's insanity that people, to me, I find it absolutely mind-bending. That people don't just leave. I'm like, what do you stay? I get it, you miss it. Visit, come on holiday and fuck off, cause it's shit. There's nothing here. What would you say you stay for them? Petritism. And family, I guess. Well, yeah, of course family. But overall, it's patriotism because I grew up wanting to, I was so patriotic, I wanted to represent my country.  the sport I did, which I achieved and got medals for it. And I loved every bit of that. And it's hard over all those years to just throw it out of way. And I know that. And I respect that because I feel it. I feel it. And we've had obviously that common thing of the Queen being in power all my life or not in power. Let's, you know, the Queen being around. It's a common thread. It's a figurehead, yeah. And that's gone. And that was big when the Queen died. Huge. Yeah. When the Queen died, I said to Tristan, that is the last good thing about England now gone. That was the last like unifying force she was so universally respected. And now the royal family with all their fucking current garbage, they were losing credibility in real time. And it's a shame. It's a massive shame. And I agree with you. I'm a patriot too. I love the idea of England. I wish England could be a hospitable place to live. I even like the weather. When I landed here, I said, what I landed here? I said to Tristan, it was raining and cold. I was like, I like this. You get that feeling home feeling. Completely cozy feeling that you know, you don't quite get in the desert.  But it's just too many metrics in which it fails. And you just think, you know what, I have to make the smartest decision. I have to be as competitive as possible with my mindset and with my lifestyle. And even me as an individual, I know I'm competitive with money, and I know that I'll be more competitive, the less money I give away. So you just end up going, okay, I'll move. But Romania is a beautiful place as well. Like Romania has been very good to me. I've been to Romania. I visited Patestia's. Yeah, we had a competition at that. I think it was a European champion. What was this? A few years back, 20 years ago. Oh, it must have been different then. Yeah, it's changed. It probably changed a bit now, as you think, but they're very, what's it, communist feel back then? Yeah, it is. With one big parastation, display all the hot water to the house, to the flats. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it still has that communist feel to a degree. Yeah. I try and describe Romania feels like 1910 with Wi-Fi. That's kind of how it feels. Yeah. If you go out into the mountains, it feels like old and... But it is beautiful. But isn't it amazing again? Once again, one of the poorest countries in Europe, I drive a $5 million car, where I'm really in dollar watch. I walk around.  but you'll be respected there. Completely. Where's people at home when you hear no damage if in no reason, just the sake of doing it. Completely different mental. That's an English mentality isn't it? What's it the crab effect? Pull you down, if crabs in a bucket, pull you down when one tries to escape. And that's it, the culture's different. So it's interesting. It's interesting. You mentioned declining birth rates. Are you concerned about population collapse? Well, I think the Western nations are collapsed anyway. So population is going to be certainly a buzzword across the next 150, 100 years. But Africa is taking over now. Africa is having huge population booms. And China owns Africa. And China's going to be the new superpower. So it's a changing of the guard. And it's actually interesting because I had this conversation with Tristan. As much as I complained about the matrix and complain about how the medium machines are controlled and are lying to us. And the Western world is all alive. And the law is subjective. If the main power in the world changes from America to China, it might even be worse. So it's kind of interesting like either way we're going to  It's going to be a difficult future for people. Every top sort of factory owner that I know in China, they all originally wanted to come here when I started doing business with them 25 years or so ago, and they're all now looking at Dubai. They've forgotten England now. 100%. Everyone is going to Dubai. This was a safe haven for them. That's what they thought, and now it's Dubai. Everyone with money is going to Dubai for the same reasons. It's globally, there's no city that can be. I was at a meeting, I won't name drop-outs with a couple billionaires, and I was sitting with them, and I said, if you didn't live in Dubai, where's the next most hospitable city in the world? And they said, number two is Tokyo, because it's safe. Very safe. Very safe. People are quite friendly. Very respectful. Very respectful. There's a lot to do, but they're still saying it's a second, but it's nowhere near Dubai. And I said, why? And they said, because it's more traditional inward thinking, hard to do business, hard to penetrate the culture, hard to penetrate the language barrier. Like in Dubai, you can come up with a brand new idea.  a brand new product or something that's never been seen before. You'll find people who are interested in it and you'll get investors and it wasn't in English. It's very forward thinking. It's very forward-wred thinking place. But they said, yeah, Tokyo is number two, but it's half as good as Dubai. Dubai is winning. It's winning. And they're because they're running their city and they're running their country like a business. And here we are. And you have one person in charge. One person in charge running like a business. Think of how much more competitive that is in having a parliament full of clowns, jackals, arguing with each other about garbage and nobody fixing anything. Stupid. You walk down the street and to buy, the king walks down the street and there's a hole in the floor, he says, fix that hole. Next day's fixed. Here we need a parliamentary review and six months and a government contract and half the money goes missing and then they somehow might fix it next year. Stupid. It's over. The Western world is done. It's finished. What's your view on this new line project that they're building, the new infrastructure? Do you think people will be moving to those cities? I'm interested to go see it. I've heard really good things about Saudi as well. I'm interested in taking a visit and going there. But I think the.  world is cyclical and empires come and they decline and they rise and they fall. The Roman Empire wants the sea to civilize world and nobody could imagine a world without it. I think the West is in a similar position and eventually it's going to collapse and I think the time is coming for the Middle East and China and Africa. So the Middle East is certainly a good place to invest in general, whether and Qatar owns most of London anyway. So this is another thing that a lot of people don't consider. I find it interesting during the World Cup when Siddiq Khan, who is a loser by the way, Siddiq Khan, the loser, when he was saying that he would not allow Qatar to advertise on the TFL anymore because of their stance on LGBT and I was sitting there thinking, bro, Qatar owned the shard, Qatar owned herds, Qatar owned London. If you're going to stop taking Qatarie money then we're really in trouble. You just shut up and know your place bro. That guy's a fucking clown. I've often thought that the UK actually should have fallen probably around 1976 when that sort of time. It was pretty broken. We found oil and obviously we've had all this other investment and I think we've been on a crutch for a while, unfortunately. And that's the thing and the problem with crutches is that...  get ripped out from underneath you. I remember five or six years ago, if I went to London on a hot summer's day, if I went to night's bridge in the summer, there would be Lamborghini Ferrari, Lamborghini for it, Katari, Bahrain, Kuwait, UAE, super cars all over the place, making all this noise because all the Arabs used to come here and spend money and spend the summers in London. Not anymore, I don't see any of it. And I even ask my like, I've private security detail or I stay in the best hotels, I'm like, to the high level Arabs still come in, they're like, no, it's too dangerous. You can't wear a fucking watch. Why would they come here? I'm not saying what Paris fallen. No one wants to come here anymore. No one wants to spend money here anymore. The Russians were spending money here. We snatched it all off them, talking earlier, talking earlier about what do you really own? If you're a Russian, I don't agree with who's even the Prime Minister now, what's his name? Rishi Sennak, something. I don't even know. I don't know what he says. So if he says something, I'm sure I don't agree with it. So I don't even know what he's fucking saying. To then persecute me for being English because of what he did or said and take my stuff off me is ass and eye and insane, but they did to the Russians. So they took all their stuff off of them because one of their leaders said, regardless of whether you agree.  what he's doing. So they don't want to invest here anymore. They've all gone to Dubai. Like it's crazy. It's almost like we're committing suicide in real time. It's the Western nations of Europe are genuinely committing suicide. It's crazy to watch, but nobody wants to seem to do anything about it. The too busy, too concerned with trying to cancel me for. What does it need to be done there? Well, what needs to be done is they need to at least become sovereign nations again. I don't want to get assassinated and I would never kill myself, but these globalist ideas and these globalist regimes, they destroy the idea of sovereign nationality. So if they have an idea that they want to purport and push, you have to subscribe to it. There are currently Western European nations which are committing energy suicide to support a war that has nothing to do with them because they've been commanded to from above. They're not sovereign nation. Any sovereign nation would sit and go while our constituents matter more than this over there. But they don't do that. They sacrifice their own constituents and their own ideas and their own thing that's good for their own country to agree to some religious ideology above them that they're getting fucking force-fed. That's the trouble and then that's how war started.  and then you get dragged in by other countries and then before you know, it's a world war. Yeah, well, don't we need energy? Like, I was just ever forgotten we need energy, but I was like, no, we don't need energy, we need to do this dumb shit. I don't want to say that the country's involved. Everybody knows what I'm talking about. Of course. But it's clown world and none of these countries are even sovereign anymore. So it's insanity and that's one thing I also respect and love about the Middle East. You know who the boss is? Who's in charge of England? I'll ask you guys, do you really believe Rushi whoever is actually the boss of this place? It's the puppet master. It's a question. Dude, God, he can't do shit. Who's the boss? Nobody even fucking knows who the boss is. You wonder why it's fucked? No one knows who's in charge. Whoever's boss in the USA, whoever's boss in them, and I don't mean the president, they're bossing us. Absolutely, and this is the exact point you don't even know who's in charge anymore. And if you kick off and you get really upset, they just take the fucking person who's supposed to be in charge, flip them out to shut you up and they continue to do whatever they want. All clown. So if we pass the tipping point, is there a return or is there no return? Well, God has a plan, the universe has a plan.  The world is cyclical, you can't be in charge forever. I think the Western world is time is numbered and I think it's up and time for someone else to be in charge and we'll see if they do a better job with it. I'm gonna see how it goes. It's gonna be interesting. It's interesting. We've talked about supercars and watches to flex. Obviously the biggest flex I've heard you say this before is having a woman in your arm. Do you think the majority of average Joe's should strive to have multiple women? Yeah, I can ask this a lot. And I think it's kind of misunderstood. I wanna try and clarify this because I ask it a lot. People think I'm advocating for a man to go and have a bunch of women. That's not exactly what I'm doing. What I am saying is that female nature, not even masculine nature, female nature is, if they find a man of high enough status that they're happy for him to have multiple women. That's the point. It's an observational evolutionary biology. It's not me sitting trying to tell men what to do. Do you think they could have the same kind of connection if that man isn't loyal to them and only them?  Well, I'm not a female. I'm just commenting on the fact that if Chris Brown walks into a club, every girl screams a once Chris Brown and none of them expect him to be loyal because of his status as a man. So, but then would they be loyal to him though? I think they would. If you look at history book, every king, every sultan, every emperor, every shake, every ruler, they all had multiple wives, mistresses, and they were all loyal to him. Could say a top of the pile. Could say a top of the pile. But were they worried that they were gonna get killed back in the olden days when it's like the king and stuff and they did something against him? Yeah, I know what you're saying, but if you look at the world today, I'm telling you right now, if you're a very famous actor, for example, and you decided you want to have three girlfriends, it would be very easy if you'd have three girlfriends. Now, those girlfriends would get a lifestyle off of you, of course, they would benefit from sharing you. They would take away a lot of their jealousy that would be replaced by gratitude because of the lifestyle they're being afforded, but that's because you're a top dog. So, I'm not sitting out here telling every man go get a bunch of multiple women. I'm saying that women themselves have shown us that if you're a high enough status male, your idea is...  of being sexually exclusive to them isn't all that interesting overall. It was different previously perhaps or I understand some people are happily married and some people don't like the idea of the things I'm saying. That's fine. I'm just making a commentary and I'm speaking from personal experience. If I already go out and meet a new girl and she would have sit with me and talk to me and somewhere to say at the end of it, do you think he's gonna be loyal to you? Should go well probably not. Do you wanna see him again? Yes. That's the reality of the game. And that's the way it's always been. Do you think it changes when they're looking to settle down versus to have a fun lifestyle? And then again, it's interesting because there's another interesting observation in terms of when women decide to settle down, right? Because women don't often want to settle down at the peak of their sexual options and value. Women are seen as most valuable, let's say 23 or 24 whatever. When they're most valuable and they're most beautiful and they have the most options and the most Instagram DMs and the most invites, they don't want to settle down. They want to go to Dubai, they want to go to Hong Kong, they want to go to Miami, they want to run around, they want to have all this fun, they want to party, and then they get to 30 and there's a new generation of girls getting all the options.  Now they start saying, well, you know what? I want a serious man. Well, of course you do. Of course you do. Of course you do the Instagram's dry. Of course you want fucking serious man. I'll obviously be generalizing here. There are people that do that. Of course, and I am generalizing, but you have to make a generalizing point. So when I say these things, I'm not trying to say to every man, go get a bunch of women, did it up. But I also use that as an answer when a man says to me, because some men say, look, I like the idea of having, let's say, a bunch of women, whatever. So then you bet, we're coming important. That's the one way you're gonna do it. If you come important, you're a brokey. I mean, you could, but it'd be a different scenario for the women to actually accept it and be semi happy with it. And when I say these things, of course I'm called misogynist and attacked by shanty fucking whatever name is. I got them in the mirror. I just remember shanty. The guardian. The guardian. In most of the world, this is the reality. Go to Africa and find the rich dude in town. He has wives. Go to the Middle East, find the rich dude. He has wives. Go to Russia and find a billionaire. He has his wife and he has his mistress. Like, this is just the way the world is. I don't know why I was afraid to just say it. And the Western.  In the world we have this fake veil of absolute moral superiority and we're better than everyone else and better than that. But if you actually hunt around enough billionaires like I have and you've been around enough rich, important people in private scenarios, you will soon see that everyone does the same thing, just in the West they fucking lie. And then we're all so can be honest about it. It's always been the way. It's only over here we're like, no, no, never, no. It's a first clown world. I don't know. I think there's something special about monogamy and being with one person versus then seeing other people and breaking that bond. I understand that and that's the great thing about life because we're all individuals. We all get to make our own choices and we can do whatever we want to do. And if I or you or anyone wants to be monogamous, we're allowed to be and we can be. That's fantastic. I my observation is that a woman expects monogamy or expects sexual exclusivity of a certain class of man and you can get to a critical point, a higher echelon, which doesn't cross her mind. That's my observation. Now, it doesn't mean you have to cheat. Doesn't mean you're obligated.  to rot around with a bunch of wives. But I've never seen you actually talk about cheating. Like you always very upfront with the girl just saying. Well, I don't call it cheating. It's not even about being upfront. I don't sit and say to you, hey, nice to meet you. By the way, I'm gonna have this many girls. I don't, this is not how it is. I just think that when a woman truly respects you and she knows the kind of caliber of man you are and she knows how desired you are, she'll just turn her blind eye to a lot of things because she just gets it. She's like, okay, that's top G. He's been waiting for a month. Whatever, can't wait to see you miss you. They don't, he's not about being brutal and sitting there saying, hey, guess what I did. Like it's not like that. I think they kind of know what they're signing up for though. And that's the important thing. When you buy a Nissan, you know you're getting something reliable. When you buy Ferrari, you know you're getting something sexy that comes with problems. Everybody understands what they're signing up for. And that's the reality. And females understand extremely well what they're chasing. And it's their decision because this female doesn't have to go get a famous dude. She can go get some other dude. If that's her number one concern is sexual escusitization.  She can get in on with dude, but if she used to go out there and go, no, I want this guy, this guy who is this, this, this, this, this, this, she can't sacrifice something. You have to sacrifice reliability with your Ferrari. That's the game. Once you get to that kind of higher echelon of men, that level, how do you tell whether a girl is a gold digger or just wants a nice lifestyle? It's a good question, but I don't see why men are scared of gold diggers, because they can't get gold unless you give it to them. You must be a total bitch to accidentally get gold dug. Buy me this, no, fuck off. You must be a dummy. And then also, Well, a lot of guys aren't strong enough to say no, are they? Because maybe that girl is a little out of their league, shall we say? So that's why it's not a no. And it's a gray area, right? Because also, I don't think there's anything wrong with a woman expecting a nice lifestyle. I think it's all relative, right? If you're a normal person, or even a normal couple, a woman still wants her man to provide and protect and work and pay for the house and the family, women expect you to provide and protect this evolutionary, that's how we're designed to be. So I don't think a woman expecting a lifestyle.  from a man is a bad thing. If I was a woman, I would expect a lifestyle. That's for sure. And depending on your man's lifestyle, depends on the kind of lifestyle you expect. And then it gets into a blurred line of people say, well, she's just with you for money. I'm like, well, if she's just with me because I take care of her problems and I make her feel happy and I make a horse-dress and anxiety go away and she gets to have fun with me, you're saying that with me for money, I'm saying she genuinely likes me. Because that's what I provide. Because I provide. So all those things end up with her having genuine emotion for you. So unless it's like a straight transaction, like a daily, unless it's like a straight transaction, what happens is if you take care of a woman, people say she's golding. But if you take care of her, she'll genuinely love you because you're genuinely the person who gives her nice things and takes care of her and makes her smile and makes her problems go away. And then you look at it in the inverse. If she's with me only because of my competence and my money and my capability to bend the world and my power, and you're calling that golding, and I call that genuine attraction, you look at it the other way around and I'm with her because she's happy and makes me smile and she's gorgeous. Am I just with her for her looks? Or am I do I my genuine?  to be the only attracted to her. So attractions of blurred line, it's hard to draw where pure gold digging is. Gold digging is high by me this. I don't even like you. I'm not sleeping if you get me this. But then if you still do it, you're a dumbass. So that's the red flag you would look for to determine the difference between the two. But women aren't stupid. Women are actually, listen up, root chanty. Women are smart. Women have instinct. Women are very instinctual creatures. I believe in women's instinct. In fact, I believe to it to the point, like three of my PA's are female. And I've had them say, I got a bad feeling. Don't race the cars around today, stay home. I'll stay home. I'll listen to them. So I truly believe in female instinct. Women understand things very well. And there's not a woman alive who's stupid enough to see a man like me and me and me and me and go, I can get money out of him. And I don't like him. You have to give that vibe off to get gold dug. I'm done. I saw one of your comments or questions from Pear's Morgan about saying to your wife or girlfriend, I don't want you to go out tonight. And I was actually quite irate at Pear's really because I did come down on you.  side of it because if you're the guy to protect your wife, strike, stroke, girlfriend, and you've given her the advice, just don't go out. You're going to get right. If I told my girlfriend not to do something, she wouldn't do it. Well, this is the thing. We're living in this world now where they're going to try and pretend to author it in responsibility or not linked. If I have authority over something or I have responsibility for something that I need to have authority for it, if I have responsibility for, let me try and choose something that won't upset the fucking channel. I think it's the authority, isn't it? But when you say that word, it does. But it's up system because it's semantics and they're slave-minded. But let's take something very simple. Let's take a car, right? If I'm responsible for that car, means if I park it somewhere and it's not supposed to be parked, I am punished because I am responsible for that vehicle. Then I must have the authority over that vehicle to be able to move it, to be able to sell it, keep it. I must have authority over it. You can't come along to me and say, you're responsible for this, but you can't move it and you can't influence it. You cannot have responsibility of something you do not have authority for. But captain of a ship, the reason he's responsible for the ship and he has to go down  because he has authority on the ship. Everything that happens on the ship is because of him. If he gives orders and everybody knows him, then he has no authority, which means he's not responsible for the outcome, which means he hasn't gone down on the boat. So trying to delink responsibility in authorities ridiculous. If I am responsible for a woman's safety, then I must have authority to make decisions regarding her safety because I'm responsible for it. I think the issue comes when you relate it to a car, and it's like, that's an object, and then basically the woman being else- But what else can I relate it to? Yeah, no, that's fair enough, but I think that's where they're getting the whole like, oh, I own that person, and this is sovereign individual. The slave choice to listen, isn't it? Well, that authority is given. It's given. The slave mind has a mental breakdown because of the analogy I use, but they completely missed a point. But yeah, the authority is given. If she were to sit and say to me, I don't want to listen to you. You have no authority over me. I'd say that's fine. Then I have no responsibility for your safety, enjoy your nice long walk in the middle of the night. If something bad happens to you, don't call me, because there's nothing to do with me. But if she were to say no Andrew, you're keeping me safe.  I said, okay, they do not go now. So it's a decision for her to make. It's not a matter of coming along and being a slave master. It's just understanding in the universe, whether it's a relationship, whether it's a car, whether it's anything, there's authority and responsibility. And they go hand in hand and try to decouple them, which is what they're trying to do in the modern world and to say that you're responsible for everything but you have no authority over anything. That's clown world. And that's what they're trying to slap on men now, especially in relationships and everything. You're responsible for everything, but you have no authority over any of it. Well then how could I be responsible for something I can't influence? It's clown world and this is part of the side off. They try and do this with absolutely everything. It's crazy. Well a lot of people look up to you obviously, but what is an achievable amount and the normal guy in the street should be looking to achieve? Do you think on a salary basis? Yeah, and that's a good question. I truthfully believe that the universe is a very giving place. And I don't want to sound, you know, aerie fairy, but I truthfully believe that the universe is a giving place and that if you actually really want something, you can have it.  How much you want is how much are prepared to sacrifice. So if you want half a million a year, you can definitely make that. And that level of stress you'll absorb for that money and the amount of headache you'll go through. If that's the amount you're prepared to accept for a happy life, you'll have it. Do you think anyone can do that though? I think that you have to pre-decide, right? So even my level of wealth comes with enormous stress. Governments are after me. Like it's it. Most people are not mentally prepared for the bullshit I go through. So the number one factor that's going to decide how successful you are as a person is your ability to absorb stress, your stress level. The better you are dealing with stress, the more problems you can fix the more money you're going to make. So you have to decide where on that scale, because you can just be homeless and have no stress. You could just be a brokeie and be on the dole. And just, you know, I broke, but nothing really troubles me. So you have to decide on that level where you want, how much stress you can possibly absorb as a main. And then if you truly want that level, you're going to get it. I believe any man can make anything they want depending. Any one of you here, I have no idea how much money you're making, but if you were to say, you know what, I'm throwing away my...  relationship and throwing away my social life and I'm going, ham, I'm going nuts and all, I don't care what they do to me, I'm gonna go and I'm gonna make it. You'd make a bunch of money, but there's a bunch of garbage that comes with it. So you have to decide, right? So I think it's a conscious decision. Anybody can be as rich as they want to be. That's the true thing about it. And you don't think there's a level of intellect that's needed there? So there, then we talk about the three things that hold people back. I believe there's only three reasons people are not rich. One of three reasons. They're either stupid, arrogant, or lazy. Stupid is actually the smallest category. People think, oh, you know, there's a lot of stupid people. There are, but I know a lot of stupid people have a lot of money, right? There's so much money in the world. To be too stupid to generate money, I think is less than 5% of the population who are genuinely too dumb to ever make a good wage. Then you have arrogant and lazy, and these are the two most common. Lazy because people just, oh, you know, but I need time to myself. Oh, you know, but it's the evening. Or you know, it's hyper competitive. There are people who do not need time to themselves there are people. There's an Indian and Islam.  where there's a guy in Islamabad who'll do your job online for $3 an hour and he doesn't sleep. You're gonna lose, right? So if you're gonna be lazy in any regard, you have to understand there are people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day. When I finish this, I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work on my way to my next appointment and then I'm gonna work all night till the day I go. When I go to sleep, I close my laptop and I'm a sleeper minute later. I work. That's all I do. So when you're on your yacht, do you class that as work? Because I think a lot of people think work has to be in an office, sit down on a computer. Well for me, it is because we have a film crew and we're filming and it's all being documented and I'm doing my normal job at the same time. And then this is work as well. Absolutely. So this is just my job. So lazy is a big problem because people go, oh, but I just want to relax. If you just want to relax, that's fine. But you're competing against people who just don't want to relax and you're gonna lose. And the last, and I'd say that's around a lot of people have that element to them. A lot of people are lazy. That's about 50% of people. But the main reason people are not rich is because they are arrogant. 50% of people are brutally arrogant. And I'll give you an example. I have a school where I teach people to make money on-  It's called the real world. What's called Hustles University? It's now called the real world. Therealworld.ai, you can see it at curbretake.com. I sit here as a billionaire and I sit and say, I will teach you how to make money online, anybody, 18 modern wealth creation methods, it's $49 a month and I will teach you. And people will sit there in their brutal arrogance and as a brokey with no money and go, yeah, but can he really teach me? I have everything you've ever fucking dreamed of. I have all the money. You have nothing and you're so arrogant that you believe you know more than me or that you could do it without me or that I don't know how to teach you. The arrogance of people is truly mind bending. If you know so much, why you broke? You obviously don't know. If I want to learn how to box, I wouldn't walk into a boxing gym, find a guy who can box and go, yeah, you know, not bad but can he really punch? Like this is how people think when it comes to money. You guys are all successful enough. You can sit there and say, look, I do XYZ, I have XYZ, you don't have it. So do you want to learn how to play piano from the piano teacher or do you want to sit there as an arrogant brokey? Most people are bro-  Utile Erigan and you can sit there and you can try and help them and they're just so arrogant They think oh, I can do it myself or I'll work it out myself. I don't need help and it's arrogance And they keeps them at the bottom everything great this happened to me in my life someone taught me I had a kickboxing coach My dad was my chess coach and you get taught things to sit there I think they're too air your too good to learn Well, this is the problem most people are broke most of them are broke because they're arrogant, bro It's the truth. There's nothing to do with how stupid they are. They're just arrogant people How did you seek out those mentors who taught about your dad? Teaching you chess and everything so how did you find the other people in your life because not everyone has a father figure? Yeah, that's true and I found my kickboxing coach to a degree by accident But I've always been a person who's been looking for absolute competence in the people around me It's it's just mind bending to me that people are walking through this world without understanding a very simple life hack If I wake up and I want to learn how to bake cupcakes my instant reaction is who can bake cupcakes? Let me go let me go talk to the person who can be really and it's easy. It can be pretty simple. It's a shortcut isn't it?  So I want to make money. Who makes a bunch of money and who's telling people how to make money? Well, let me go listen to them. Let me get closer to them But people just have this arrogant side of them. They don't want to and I think a lot of a lot of the problem with people Especially in the world today is they they misunderstand the difference between a dream and a plan and Nothing good in your life is ever gonna happen by accident if you see a guy in fantastic shape You don't say how'd you get in great shape and he goes? It's happened. I just fell and no he ate a specific way he trained a specific time He did specific things for a specific outcome and it's the same with finances and most people who are broke If you say do you want to be rich? You have to be rich. How are you gonna get rich? One day? Oh, we're in the lottery. Yeah dumb shit No plan you have no plan whatsoever no actionable steps. No, you're not doing things daily You're just hoping some point in the future God's gonna just dump it on your doorstep Guess what it ain't gonna fucking happen and unless you have a plan a specific plan. I'm sure you guys had a very  You had a plan and you worked hard to get to your point. I had a plan. Everything was like, okay, today we have to do, day after day after day, until you get there. And this is what most people don't have because they're too arrogant or too lazy. I don't think it's stupid. I think most people, if you laid out a plan and they tried their very best and they were willing to learn, could do it. I don't think people are too stupid to make money. They're just too lazy or too arrogant to make money. That's the problem with people. I sometimes think how much work I put into my life. I mean, literally every day, as you said, nearly every minute is to make your life happen the way you want it to happen. And I look at others and I think, how do you actually survive out of you, putting no effort into your life? How do you actually survive? It's true and it's incredible because if you don't, I wake up every day and I think, how do I make my life better? Nobody else wakes up each day and goes, how do I make Andrew take life better? So if you're not the person who's waking up every day and going, how do I improve my existence? Then nobody is. Nobody on the planet is considering improving your one spin on earth.  No one else cares. Nobody else cares. So if you don't care, then you're fucked. So you need to wake up and care. And it's amazing to me. Like you're saying, how did I find my mentors? I just tried a bunch of them. Like when I had no money, I would try very hard to listen to lots of different people or I tried different things. And I wasn't scared to invest in myself because I understand that, look, if he's taking time out of his life then I need to reward him for it financially. And I tried very hard and I listened and I paid attention and I was never lazy. I don't believe there's a person on the planet who pays attention, tries their best, is never lazy, is on time, works hard, has a mentor and is giving it his all who isn't rich. I don't believe it. I think that if you do all those things, you're rich. And if you don't have any money, you're missing one of those key elements. Now you can fool yourself and you can fool everyone else and you can pretend you're doing them. But if you're truly honest with yourself, am I finding people who are trying to teach me what I want to know and am I trying my best? And the answer's fucking no every time. Do you think there ever come a time or an age where you feel you have to slow down? That's a good question.  as well. But thank you very much. No it is. It's like nobody is because it's actually been recently people that's maybe I've got to that age where I've got to slow down a little bit. Well I know we're whist feeding up. Yeah. Well I've had family members say to me Andrew you like why now? Why are you doing it? But it becomes a lifestyle. I'll say you're young enough to keep this pace up at the moment. For sure. And I will and there's going to be a point when I'm definitely going to slow down but it's almost second nature to me it's it's not a conscious thing if I'm awake I don't see why I wouldn't be doing something constructive. I'm I'm unconscious now I've woken up I'm either in the gym or I'm working. I what else am I going to do besides turn my brain off in front of Netflix. It's just all clown world to me. It's if I'm awake it's work or training and that's how I've always lived and that's just how I'm going to live as long as I can if I get to a point where I feel like I'm just slow down then I'll slow down. So you talked about dreams and plans and how they're different. How does someone I feel like there's a mental barrier in between actually taking action and finding the mentors and stuff. How do you break that?  barrier? Is that through watching your content online? Well, it's interesting about watching content because watching content can be a double-edged sword. You can learn a bunch of things and everyone at home here, I like to feel like they're getting value in their learning things. But there's also the other edge of people who feel like if they just watch a bunch of shit and do nothing that they're taking action, they feel better about themselves, but they're not actually taking action. You know, so you have to balance to two carefully. Ultimately, it's going to be action that shapes your world. Ultimately, you're going to have to do something. So if you're watching something, you should be very conscious of what it is. I mean, I've created my reality. Absolutely. I've cut out all bullshit in my life. Like, I don't have tiktok installed on my phone band. So I don't have anything. I don't have anything installed on my phone. I don't absorb any bullshit, fucking random entertainment. I don't watch any podcasts of anyone else. Like nothing. I don't need to. I will see you watch the strike at the peak. Of course. Of course. Sorry. I watched it a big one. But like, but I get a daily report at the end of each day and spend four minutes analyzing. I get what I needed four minutes, really, piece of paper. I'm done.  So I've tried to be very, very efficient with it. But yeah, you have to be careful if you just watch too much content. Like you guys have a website, right? And you've got a new Teach Things, I have a website, I Teach Things, whatever. If you watch this podcast and you genuinely learn things from it, then you should be on one of the two websites by the end of this, by the time the conversation ends. If you're gonna watch the podcast and go, yeah, they're all pretty smart. Anyway, good to do, then you've wasted your time. If you're not, I get it in the comments where people have got what you've said, they've got it and they replied, you've got it. My reply is, well, action it. Because nothing's gonna happen. It's no good you just getting it. You've got to action it. You've got to look long term at it and keep going. Completely, it's action that shapes the world. So if you're gonna watch something and needs to either tell you what to do or inspire you to take action, if you're not gonna take action, you're gonna fail. That's to reality, either. Do you read books because Kai, is that... I always read books, I love books, but Kai doesn't like reading books. I think I would say that YouTube changed my life. Watching content. Yeah, I got it. I took action, obviously. I feel like you only get the surface level for a YouTube day. So I got...  posted on Twitter for this, so they attempted to roast me, but they can't. I'm me, but I said that I don't read books, and I'm very anti-reading, and I've set a whole bunch of people. My problem with reading is not that there's not good information there. It's too slow. It feels slow. I'm with him. It feels slow. I just feel like I don't have- I'm happy to be fast enough. Yeah, perhaps, perhaps. I don't have the hours. I'm now at the point where I will hand the book to my PA and say, give me a two minute surmise, you read it. Like, for me, that's just where I am. But also, you know, life teaches you a lot, and I think a lot of people are not very self-reflective of their own lives. I don't think you can read a book, and that's great. But I think if you're living an interesting life, if you were to take half an hour a day to actually sit and go, okay, what good has happened to me today, and what bad has happened to me today? Why have those things happened, and how can I prevent them from happening again? Most people, that kind of crap doesn't even cross their mind. So every day, I will sit at the end of the day and go, what bad has happened to me today? How did that happen? Did I get caught slipping on the street? Some guys come up to me, and I could have been a dangerous situation.  Like how could I genuinely have improved my reality? And you can self-reflect and teach yourself and everything. But that's total ownership of your life, isn't it? But you have to have. A lot of people don't. You have to have ownership of everything good that's ever happened to you and everything bad that's ever happened to you. I've complete ownership for the fact I was canceled. I don't sit there and go, oh, they're lying about me. Yes, they're lying. But I still own it completely. They're lying about me and they're talking shit, but I own it and I took responsibility for it and I sat there and I took absolute accountability and I thought, okay, how can I turn this in my favor and I beat them? If I'm walking down the street and it starts to rain, I take responsibility for that. I didn't have to be in rainy London. I could have been somewhere else. I could have brought an umbrella. I could have took a car. I am responsible for getting wet in the rain and there's people out here who just don't take any responsibility for their own actions, let alone the weather. If you take complete self-accountability and you self-reflect, you can learn a whole bunch of our lives. Could you not just say that it's raining? This is unfortunate. No, but that's what losers do. It's raining. I'm unlocking. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. No, but that's, let's say, I got wet because it rained, not my fault. Whereas I'll say I got wet.  because I did not prepare for the rain. Didn't check the rain. Didn't put getting umbrella. Didn't wear the right clothes in. Correct. You knew where you were. You were in England. It was going to rain. Correct. And I will punish myself for that. And I'll make sure it doesn't happen to me again. I will sit and actually constantly think about it. There's been times I've lost my car keys or something ridiculous and wasted 20 minutes of my life. And I'm furious. And I will make sure that never happens again. I am unconscious with systems about stupid shit. So I don't make mistakes ever. Do you know what? I get exactly the same thing. I beat myself up about things exactly as you're saying. And then people tell me, you shouldn't be beating yourself up about it. It's just one of those things. But I do. And because I beat myself up about it, it don't happen again. That's it. If you don't sit and pay conscious attention to it and give it conscious effort, you're not going to learn. I think there's a difference between beating yourself up and then looking at it and thinking, how could I have done that? No, that's why I say that to you. I beat myself up because I think, you know, why have I put myself in this situation when I shouldn't have done? Yeah. And because I look at it and dissect the situation that I'm in, then I can learn from it. Completely. I bet you get caught.  the right again. I bet you I won. But even if you do, right, there's still a sense of satisfaction knowing you were forward thinking enough to try your absolute best. I have people who are after me, right? If they catch me and I end up getting murdered, for example, heaven forbid, I feel like I had a seven man security team in an armored car and a pre-reduced. I did my best, like took the percolation. Yeah, but if I'm just walking around like a dummy and then they get me, it's a different scenario, right? So it is what it is. You have to self reflect. And I think that yeah, reading's great. But if you take some time to look, I get this all the time, people say, oh my girl left me. Why? I don't know. She just left. What do you mean you don't fucking know? Why did she leave you? Oh, because she wanted to, if you think long enough, you'll realize it's because of you. You were not important enough to make her not want to leave. You, you can sit and say what she did and what she wanted. But it's because you couldn't keep her because I could have kept her. So you couldn't. So you're fault and you're not.  self-reflecting and then you're going to go into your natural relationship and because you didn't self-reflect and you haven't grown You haven't done anything. This was going to happen. She's going to leave you again So someone else that isn't taking full responsibility for his actions as San Bankman freed and with the whole FDX situation What your thoughts on that and crypto that was a good segue wasn't that? That was else. That was smooth. Smooth. Smooth. Smooth. Smooth. Well, has he been arrested? Hasn't he been arrested that? He's been arrested. Yeah, multiple counts Well, I was thinking he only donated 40 million to the Democrats and look like he was above the laws Like for 40 million to have absolute diplomatic impunity. I'll send my 40 million check right now Yeah, so I think he donated to both parties, isn't he? He did not It was Democrat but he did one like dark so they didn't know about it apparently perhaps Perhaps but I genuinely spoke to my lawyer and said get in touch with some lobbying companies I'll give him 100 million if I get that little But it looks like it didn't work. So I'll take that check back. So Yeah, he's in trouble now. It's bad for the whole industry as a whole But I never liked him. I got weird vibes from that guy anyway. He was always a bit strange  I played too many video games. There's also video games, so there's interviews. People thought it made him like cool. I was like, you're running a billion dollar company and you have time for video games? I knew something was up. And driving the cheap car and all that stuff. Yeah, it's a little bit weird, wasn't it? It's all ball, it's all the lie. So yeah, there's something about him and it just just triggered me. I wasn't sure on him in the first place, but I do think crypto is the future. There's pros and cons to that because they're talking about CBDCs and that kind of thing. But yeah, Sam took a lot of people's money and I think he deserves to go to jail and we'll see what happens. We made a video recently about how FTX going to zero, a big player going to zero could signal the bottom of the market and the fact that regulation has to come in now. So would you rather arrest before the regulation or afterwards? That's maybe the question we should be asking ourselves. Yeah, I think with a lot of investments, it also depends on the kind of time scale you're working on and if you need the money. So like if I were to buy Bitcoin, what is it now? 16,500. If I were to buy Bitcoin now and I need that.  that money in exactly a year, then the price matters. But if I buy Bitcoin now, and I never gonna need the money, then I just sell when it goes up. It might take 10 years, might take 20 years, who cares? Right, so a lot of investments is about how badly you need the money. It's the same with a lot of things. So I don't really time the bottom of the market so much now. What I do is I put in money I will never need. So I'll just say, I'll buy Bitcoin at whatever, and just go, well, I refuse to lose. I'll just wait it out. I'll wait four years, eight years, 15 years. Oh look, I win. And let's be clear, you're not gonna leave it on exchange, are you? No, I'm not going to go on exchange. Get it in your nano ledger. That's right, that's right. You leave it on exchange, like leave money in the bank, and I don't trust either of those things anymore. So, but yeah, I think with investments, but also in the whole idea of investing, I have people come to me and they say, look, I want to invest that I think you need to be quite rich to invest in a significant way anyway. If you're living a normal life with a very normal wage, investing your 500 pound is not going to change your life. So, what is the very best way to make money then in 2023?  That's a good question because that's what you should be trying to do. You should be trying to make money because if you're... A maximizing. Yeah, and yeah, because if you're a normal person with a normal wage and a normal income and you're focusing on investments, you're making a big mistake because there's no way you can invest 500 pounds that's going to grow into... Maybe you could pull off a lottery-win shit-coing pump or something, but in general with anything normal outside of this clown-world garbage which is vanished because of the real world's back because the last two years have been clown-world. Now the real world's back and it's hard to make money again. There's nothing you can put 500 pounds in without doing any work and it's just going to blow up and make you millionaire. Right, so if you don't have significant money to invest, you shouldn't be focusing on investments. You should be focusing on how to make more money and there's lots of ways to do that. So when you say don't focus on investments, do you mean like have it in the background still and focus your main energy on making money or not do it at all? Let's say you're a normal person, you're working a normal job, you're making four-random month and you pay all your bills and you're left with a random month. And then in your spare time you're worried about how to spend that or how to invest that.  grand a month. I would be, I think that's a waste of time. You should be far more worried about spending your time trying to make more money. Because the grand a month is just not, it's not enough money. So you could invest that grand in yourself. Absolutely. Invest in knowledge or something like that. But investing in a coin, like I said, unless there's a lottery win. And before I go on to answer the question, I do want to make something clear. I think the last two years have been a fantastic period of wealth creation. The money printers were on full and it was full clown world and it was bullshit. Now a lot of people made money during the clown world and spent it all and they now think they're going to continue to make money in clown world ways. No, the real world is back. The brokeies and the way G's you're all going back to the domes. If you bought Poo Dick coin and made 200 grand and you think you're going to be able to continue to do that for the rest of your life, you're a dumbass. That was that was a once in a lifetime generational gap where you could pull something off. And now it's back to the hard times. All even all the big tech companies and the tech companies make money from the sky for free with pixels. They're cutting staff. If they're cutting staff, then it's really  It's going to get very difficult to make money now. So a lot of the dumb shit is over. In terms of how to make money in the world today, it's hard. I think that the world is changing into an economy which is to a degree based on attention. I think you need to find a way to get attention to you and who you are, your product or your service and find a way to monetize it. So the easiest way to do that is to have some knowledge. Even the podcast you guys run is an extremely efficient podcast if you compare it to some of the other YouTube channels like the big ones where they do these crazy stunts and stunts. For you to get views you talk. For them to get views you have to build a set and build it. It's not efficient, right? You define an efficient way to get attention and then you have to prove yourself credible in your field and attract customers. And I think the best way to do that is online and it doesn't matter what it is. And I think if you do those things and you work very hard and you try your best and you're never lazy, you will make some money. That's what I believe. It's quite amazing where I would end it with digital products because it wasn't that long ago. If you said to me, everyone in the country is going to give you a penny.  you've got to go and get it, you couldn't actually afford to go and get every penny from everyone in the country. You would lose money doing it. Nowadays, you can do it, can't you? That's an amazing way to look at it. And it's absolutely true, yeah. And one of the benefits of globalism and all the things we were talking about earlier on the podcast is now we're in a globalized world. And a lot of the products and services and things you can offer can be offered to absolutely everybody. So inside of my, don't do a plug, but I will. But inside of our university, we teach a bunch of things. We have 18 modern wealth creation methods, but they're all based on online. I think online, it's not groundbreaking to say the internet's here to stay in it's to future. And I think that whatever business you're in, you need an online presence to it. And then you have to find a way to attract attention. And the best way to do that is to come across as knowledgeable and interesting. I think that's the best way to do it. If your business isn't an online business, do you think that you have... No, tell me your business is not an online business. That is a hard one, but if it isn't purely an online business and you don't have location freedom, do you think you are actually free? Because E-Man taught us a lot about footballers. They're earning a...  income but they're not actually free because I have to be somewhere at certain time and then tell what to do. Yeah and very few people are actually free and I'm saying very few because everybody to a degree is owned by somebody or the entertainers or the footballers. And even yeah if you're a CEO technically you're free but if you're too free your business fails so you're never once to a degree is owned. But you've just said something that intrigued me. Let's try and think of a business as not an online business. What's not an online business? Laying bricks. Laying bricks. Yeah. Cutting hair. Oh cutting hair. So cutting hair is not long. Not the UK to hairdresser that often these days. In fact I go twice a week to have a project. Yeah. Because my brothers are full head of hair. I could have full head of hair. I like having my head shaved. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. So let's say you're a hairdresser, right? Yeah. You're a hairdresser and you can't hair. Can I just hold you a second? You want to change the SD card on the main camera? Change it. I'll get another call. All right. We're back in the room. We are back. Yeah. All right.  here right? Yeah so online businesses cut in here. Yeah cutting here you're right. That was great. Hang on there. You can just say good on and then I'll cut it in. Back in the room. Yeah cutting here so then you have to define what an online business is because if you start attracting attention online that could I guess you could say it's an online business but let's try and think about something that's purely online. You're going to have to find a problem to solve. So if you're a hairdresser you can either solve the problem of teaching people how to cut their own hair which most people are probably not going to be that interested in or something that goes wrong with hair. So you can say I'm a hairdresser I've been hairdresser for a long time. I've identified men that have male-volving patterns that go wrong or women whose hair is damaged by dye and that can go wrong etc. I've been hairdresser for ages. Here's my Instagram page of all the hairs I've caught and here's the way I can help you and you can start a YouTube channel that shows all the you can come up with some health care some hair thing. You could literally get some cream from x-place and add in some avocado oil some garbage say it helps people to say it helps their hair.  You've been around for a long time, and you can establish credibility. You establish credibility based on the fact that you've got hair you've been around for ages, and you know exactly what you're talking about. You have this cream, you have this product now that has helped XML customers, you can give it to your customers, and they can start to give you reviews and say yeah, it works fantastic. You can sell it by your Instagram page for $7.00 or something like that. You have it all my business. Anything can be done, right? You can forget about the manual part of the business from that point on. So it's about transitioning. It's about, yeah, it's about establishing credibility and getting attention. It's almost as well building a brand, knowing what to put into the brand and what to actually discard. Completely. If you establish credibility and you gain attention, you'll make money. So I'll give you another example. I had a friend who was a personal trainer. He used to go to the gym every day and used to train people. He didn't make that much money. People would miss appointments. It was like 50 pound an hour. Or he'd get there, get back, or I said, listen brother, you used to, he didn't at the time, look fantastic. How about you spend the next six months getting an absolute killer shape? Then put up a bunch of pictures on Instagram of you and killer shape, and then put together your workout plans and tell people they'll look like you even know they never will. And sell that.  for $7 or 10 or 15, and sell it by your Instagram. And he went from making two and a half grand a month, or two grand a month as a personal trainer. It's a 15 grand a month without ever going in the gym. He only went the gym for himself because he was selling information. So it's funny that's exactly what I've said to my personal trainer. I was like, read their expert secrets where Russell Bronson and understand the online world a little bit and move to your business online. Completely, and that's what a lot of people are doing now, but now it's getting more and more competitive. So you have to establish credibility and get attention in a way which is becoming more difficult. Like in the fitness industry, it can be done purely on how you look, get some credibility and attention, but especially in the business world now, you have to be very knowledgeable. You have to be very, because that's the way things go when they get competitive, which is fine, but there's all goes back and ties into what we were saying earlier on. If you're not trying your best and working hard and paying attention, then you're gonna get wrecked. Another thing I will say to people at home, and I said this before, every single time I ever spend money, I pay attention to why I spend money. And that gives you a lot of information and a lot of knowledge when it comes to sales and market.  If I go and I buy some clothes, I am conscious about why did I choose this store? Is it that store or that store? What would they do in better? Correct. Is it the branding? Do I know them? Am I familiar with them? Is it because there was no line? Is it because they had a brighter sign? What was it? There's a line there. There's no line here. So in my physical businesses, which I haven't remained in, I have this thing with the staff. I said, there can never be a line. Faster. I don't want. Oh, but it's just three people. People walk in pass who won't walk in because there's a line because that's what I do. No line, but you don't want to look empty. So no line until the last customer, now you talk shit. So there's one person. You have to manage these things. Most people don't. Micro-manage just stuff. I think it's almost an illness that you seem to have that I have because I can wander around a shop and I'll say to my wife, I'll say, look at that. She said, what are you looking at? I said, well, the way they've displayed that. That is for, I'm taking that. I'm using that. You know, and I'll be online.  and I go, look at how high they've done that. Right, I can morph that into my business, but it is a little illness. But I think you have to have a business to be like that. If you've got something to it, I don't think so, because you can look at other people, what they're wearing, what they're doing. That's why they're staying there. Right, I've got to get that. How do I get that? You even have to have a business or a role model, because I remember walking around with Dad and he was like that, and then I took that on, even the bull I didn't have a business on. But I started thinking I didn't care about any of that stuff. I'd be working for a wage, not caring about nothing. But then you discovered a business. To everyone on YouTube. Soon as I started a business, every advertisement, every now just look at it. Why are they doing it like that? You've standardized it. Exactly. It's a free lesson. You don't have to reinvent the wheel. No. You have to pay attention to seeing people who are doing things and if they work and how they work. And you're completely notly correct. And you should do that all the time. Every time you spend money, you should work out how they convinced you to spend money. I had a friend who used to run these radio control cars at these model events. And I said, I can't make enough money. I said, cool, she can. She said, no, I can't. I said, bro, let me.  engineer your business doing this over weekend. I'll say, so what's the setup? You said it's a five minutes for a pound or whatever it was. I said, right, we'll charge double that and it's two pound a go. No one knows how long this go is, right? Let the queue build a little bit, but as it builds, they get less time. It's how fun fairs have worked for years. Years. You're right. He made loads of money. Of course. You're right. You nailed it. Absolutely. And that's how things work. And it's simple things. I have a few physical companies. I have a few physical businesses. And it can be a simple matter of, you know, depending on in the business districts, where there's men and suits, I have a pretty girl who is a waitress and she works there. You the difference that will make to a bottom line is the dude going in flirt and with his chick every, every lunchtime. You'd be amazed. And but people don't think about these things. But even if you don't have a business, if you pay enough attention to these kind of things, you'll get business ideas. It'll inspire you. You go, you know what? If you start to really do it, you'll be around it after a few months. You go, you know what? I can do this better than they're doing.  Because I'll take in that aspect and that aspect and they're making mistakes I can do this better and that's how you do it. So in the details. So in the details, that's life, right? Absolutely. What percentage of your income would you say is disposable? So I'm now at a point where, and my attitude to money, I want to make something clear, is relatively unhealthy. I have no respect for money. I'm not, there are people who are much smarter with money than me. I don't have any respect for money at all. I don't believe in saving money. And I think a lot of that is down to my, I'm not advocating people to be like this. It's my life philosophy and the fact that I don't live in any realm of fear at all. I can't imagine myself not being able to make more. I can't ever be poor. And if I want something, if I wanted something now that took every penny of my net worth then I would buy it because I want it. I don't care. I don't think, oh, I've saved you net. I don't give a shit about money that I'm a bit of a believer in a safety now. I'm afraid to say it's good. It's good. Yeah.  I know I'm wrong. I know I'm wrong on this one. It is good to have a safety net and it is good to have a healthier respect for money. I have no respect for money. I mean, my safety net, I don't ever, ever intend to use it in any way, shape or form. And it's a sizeable amount of money, but that's my safety net. I need it. I can make it again. I can make more. It doesn't matter. Completely. And I have a safety net by accident because I haven't spent all my money, but I have never sat and thought I want something and that's too much. I'll give you an example. I have an 812 super fast Ferrari. I love it very much. They've released it. Yep. They've released the 812 super fast competition version. Instead of 400 grand, it's 1.6 million, which is a big difference for a bit of a body kit. And I want one in Europe and I want one in Dubai, so I bought two. So I bought 3.2 million dollars of Ferrari. Should I have done that? Well, yeah, I can. But my point is I'm happy to just spend money. Don't give me shit, right? But that's down to my faith in myself. So when you're asking how much of my income is disposable in my mind, all of it, I don't give a shit.  I have a lot of money left because I can't possibly spend it, but I'm happy to spend all my money. What really matters are the systems you build, the robust systems. If you have a robust system that's guaranteed to pay you $50,000 a day, and it always will, and you try to faith in it, and you're working hard, and you're on top of it, and it's gonna pay you at 9 a.m. every morning, 50 grand. You could spend 50 grand a day if you wanted to. You may not want to, but you could. So for me, all of my money's disposable. So how much would you say you spend in a year? So this take 2022. How much do you spend on yourself in 2022? On myself. That's a good question. The deny gets vague. It gets gray. It gets gray. What do you know? You know what I mean, yourself. Like that's the cause of for yourself. Yeah, I'd say I spend, I'd say I spend a million pounds or a million dollars a month, and then that probably doesn't include big purchases. So about a million a month, but then there's big purchases. So we're getting to about 25 million this year then. Yeah, something like that.  something like that. Get in. Yeah. I spend a lot of money, but I've explained my life. My life is as crazy as a life can possibly be lived. But that craziness in your life also then creates money. Well, exactly. And it's a cycle and it all feeds back into each other, but I don't ever sit and concern myself with it. Am I spending too much that if I thought I was spending too much, I would simply find a way to make more money. And a lot of people talk about efficiency as well. I've had people talk about working smart, not hard. That is true. But I believe that you need to fill your day with all of the hard work first. I think that working smart is a matter of being more efficient with all the time you spend working. If you sit there and go, I want to work smart, not hard, so I work an hour a day. Well, then you're still lazy. You should work smart and hard and do 15 smart hours a day. That's how you win. So, and there's always endless work to do. The other thing I will say to people is you can always find work. I've had a lot of people say, well, there's no work to do. Yes, there is. You can find work to do. This podcast.  by the time it's completed, you could make individual TikToks and put them on TikToks. That would be well. No, but with a slightly different edit for the next 10 years, if you wanted to. I understand all the accounts. And this endless work to do, you have to find the work. And even if each TikTok, it's one view, one at a time, people hear about the podcast, there's no such thing as no work to do. So you have to wake up and find the work to do and do it and just say, you know what, this is all I'm going to do. And a lot of it, as well, if I'm giving advice to people, comes from constructing a life around you because people say, well, I don't want to work all the time. I have no social life. My social life's work. My best friends and me run our companies. We have the most fun in the office working. That's our fun, right? And my woman's there and she's making us coffee. My relationship's work. It's all work. Like it's all done. So I don't have to separate things and compete against each other. Like that makes you ultra competitive. But yeah, I think all of my income's disposable and I have no respect for money. Money for me is a tool. And I use it to get whatever I want and bend the world. So why do you think that's an unhealthy?  Because when I say that, there's going to be some broken, you spend all his money. I think also you remember where you've come from. Because for me, there's always that in the back of my mind. In fact, I'd say I struggle to get over the fact that I've come from very little and I struggle to spend what I probably should. Yeah, it's part of that. And I don't want to encourage people that have to be completely financially irresponsible. Because even though I spend a lot of money, I do still spend it on... Yeah, I spend it on a lifestyle, but there's still a lot of assets I buy. And I spend a lot. I don't just spunk it all on gambling or something completely ridiculous. You shouldn't fear money. I think there's a lot of people who are very scared with money and they're very... they hold on to it and they're very fearful with it. And they say scared money doesn't make money and scared people don't conquer the world. And I mean, if someone were to go to your website and decide to sign up, I don't even know how much your product's cost or whatever your... Well, this is a thing. We don't sell a single product. We don't sell. We try and give free advice to help... You know, as many people level up as possible.  It's a similar, you know. Yeah, beautiful. Well then I'll talk about myself, right? So there are people like who will look at my online school and they'll go, that's $49 a month and they're scared. And I'll sit and say, you're so fearful over $49 a month, your chance of getting rich are absolutely zero. Keeping that $49, the chance of it ever changing your life is zero percent. So why are you scared to try? It's insane. I think the problem is a lot of people get into the saving habit and the problem is, and what I try to get over to people is a limit to how much you can save. Period. If you are an X amount, there's a limit to what you can say. There is no limit to how much money you can earn. And you can't limit. Completely. And you can't save yourself to a lifestyle. No. And that's the thing. So I have 36 cars, right? Let's take one of them. Let's take the Bugatti. That's $5.2 million. Let's do some easy math. Let's say you make $5 grand a month and you manage to live completely for free. You manage to walk to work for free. Eat for free. Don't need clothes. You're completely life's free. That's 100 months. How 100 divided by 12. That's 70 something years. You need to work.  and save for 70 years to afford one of my 36 cars in one of my seven houses, you can't save yourself to the top. You can only earn your way to the top. So the idea of saving money, a safety net, knowing that you can have peace of mind, taking care of your family or your children, all that I understand. But truthfully, your goal when you wake up shouldn't be like, how do I save more money? That's scared, that's fearful. The universe and God does not reward fearful people or cowardice. There's a degree of cowardice and how do I save more? As opposed to the opposite. Well, I'll just go take more. I'll just go make more. I'll just go make more. If it cost me 400 grand to go see the Amples there, you're gonna find, I'll just go make more money. And it's that attitude. It's that entrepreneurial spirit. See, abundance mindset. Yeah, abundance mindset. So for money for me is a tool. And I'll, I get whatever I want. I went shopping in London two days ago. I spent, and me interested in sat and talked about it, because the coolest thing about being rich is talking about when you were broke. It's the funnest thing. In fact, I'm glad I wasn't born rich. Because if I didn't have that, being rich would be boring in many ways. It's just only funny, because you can talk about the...  days. 100%. So, me and Tristan just spent 350 grand on Christmas presents, right? Lovely. Yeah. And, but you get to the point where money has so little value, like we walked in, Tristan saw a pair of Jimmy Choo heels and he's like, I'll give him to one of his girls, whatever. And he goes, what's her shoe size? I've got done that. He goes, how many, what sizes you got? They go, we got 36 to 39. He goes, okay, I'll just give me, give me, give me 11 pairs of the same shoe. Because money, instead of texting her and finding out her shoe size, just give me everything that they locked the front of the store. It was a huge line because be Tristan are in there, no one else allowed in. And money loses money for us as a tool to shape the world. And, and I think that's what a lot of people also don't understand about being rich. You don't want to be rich. You want to be powerful. That's what really is going to satisfy you in your soul. It's the power. It's, it's not the, I can afford this to it. That's nice for a while. But really what makes you happy is there's 60 of these boogatties on earth. Everyone wants one. Who gets one? I do. Because you  can't have one. That's the fun of it, right? So it's power you're truly chasing. And if you wanna be powerful, you can't be scared to invest money and spend money. A lot of people at home, if they wanna make more money, you need to invest in themselves. You need to invest in themselves. And maybe they've been taught, well, why'd you save? Why'd you save? Let me say to everyone here at home, if you are saving less than 10 grand a month, and you're just saving, saving, your chance of being rich is fucking zero. You need to go and do something else and make more. Invest in yourself, get knowledge, pay attention to mentors, start another business, open something, you need to do something because you're not gonna save your way to the top. The average person at home, you're not earning enough to ever save, you're gonna save 100% of your wage. You're still gonna be broke. You have to get to a level of earning. And it's that spirit you need to have when it comes to money. And it's truly as the abundance mindset is true. I remember when I was broke. When I was broke, I thought everyone was broke. You do. Because I was broke, 100%. And then you get rich and you start thinking shit.  Everyone has money. Every super car I want is sold out. Every diamond watch I want is sold out. The private jet charters are full. The yachts are full. Like as soon as you get rich, you start to hold these people. You got money. I was just in Dubai and my houses are being built. They're gonna be completed this year. I bought a bunch of them off plan. So I decided to rent and I rented a house on the palm and it's $25,000 a day. And I rented it and I'm sitting there and the landlord comes and goes, I just got an offer for $35,000 a day. You need to leave. And I go, okay, well, I'll pay $40,000 a day. And then he came back and goes, the guy's offered $50,000 a day for a year. And I'm like, who am I even in a bidding war with you? And I just left. I was like, you know what? Take it. Okay, another one. But like, there's people out there with money that you couldn't fucking fathom. There is so much money in the world. So you do get to a level of wealth. Another time it hit me. I was at Monaco. I was sitting around dinner and Monaco after it was on a car rally, finally enough. And there's like 10 of us. And I just looked around the table like winces. So everyone's wearing a nice, well,  and I thought, when I was broke, the idea, if someone told me they had 30 or 40 grand in the bank, I thought they were doing good. Now I'm saying at table, everyone's wearing $100,000 watch. Nobody gives a fuck. It's just like, there's levels to the game. And when you get up to the top, you realize there's money everywhere. The bun is mindset. There are so many rich people. So if you're not where you wanna be financially, I hope this pisses you off, because I'm telling you to annoy you, that you're sitting there struggling to pay your bills or are people out there making so much money, you couldn't possibly father and you have anything they want all of the time. And you may sit there and go, but they're miserable. A lot of them aren't. Trust me, they're having a great time. So you need to make a bunch more money, because there's money everywhere. So what do you think of Monaco? Because that's really in a way the old Dubai, but it's fighting back a little bit. Yeah, it was the old Dubai, but I think people are losing faith in it. Really, okay. I think it's so restricted in size, isn't it? It's restricted in size. And also I think, because obviously they have heavy influence in the European Union and France, they don't but they do. And I think for a lot of nationalities, it's still scary to put your money there. Yeah, Dubai.  safe for everybody. Dubai does not discriminate. If you come and you obey our laws, you obey our rules, you respect our religion, you respect our society, everybody is welcome. And that's how a country should be. It's actually truly beautiful that they... Dubai is... you're not a dare of immigrants as a whole. I think it's 80% of people are immigrants. Think about it. It's a nice, isn't it? 80% immigration with no crime, no homelessness, no drugs. And it's a... Immigration is a good thing. And seeing is a good thing, obviously. But it's a good thing because people respect the country. This is the problem the West has. If you walk into somebody's house and this is shithole, you're not going to be worried about picking your cup away. You're going to place a shithole. If you walk in this pristine, you're going to pick up your cup when you go to the bathroom, right? So... You can say where's the coaster? Completely. So because no one respects this place, people just turn up and just abuse it. Whereas everybody respects the UA, which is why immigration's been so fantastic. Well, we'd like to come out and see you when you're out there as well. So we'll drop you in the north when we're out. I was looking forward to January. It's not just it's a pleasure to have you here. I was looking forward to January. There should be room in the villa. I hope you  That sounds good. That would be awesome. Do you think it's a good idea to set such high goals, you know, particularly for the average Joe? Because what we find is quite often they set these goals when they fall short and then they, you know, I don't want to say the word feel depressed, but they feel that they're not able to get there. Yeah. I mean, social media and the world as a whole is now setting unrealistic goals for people whether they like it or not. Because it's everyone's their brush lifestyle. Completely. It's very hard now to be a man in the world and not have unrealistic expectations. If you're anywhere on the internet, you're seeing a whole bunch of crypto 19-year-olds pushing fucking cars and doing all this shit. So yeah, your expectations will be ridiculously high. So I don't, I think people get demote of aid because they don't quite hit where they want to get. Just need to be more realistic about it. And like I said, you need to get a piece of paper or understand on a scale of one to ten and say, how stressed do I want to be? How much pressure do I want to feel like I'm under? How much can I take and be honest with yourself? I know I can handle it. And I'm a professor. I have 87.  professional world champion fights. I've been there. I've been in the dressing room about to go fight a dude who just killed his last opponent. Like I understand pressure. Most people don't. So you have to sit and go, how much pressure can I really take between one and 10? Well, let's say it's a six or a seven. Okay, and then you have to work out an income that reflects that and that should be your goal and be happy with it. People sit there and go, yeah, I want to be as rich as Tate. I want to be talk to you to most of you, the reason you're not here is because you couldn't do it. I could hand my life over to a bunch of people even as it is complete. And they couldn't do it. They couldn't live it. They couldn't live it. Because they want that safety net as well. Do you think that's an aspect that allows you to push to the level you have? Well, there's equal and opposite forces in the world. Everybody wants to glitz and glamour. Nobody wants equal and opposite force. Like there's no such thing as, yeah, okay, there's a whole bunch of good with the fame. There's a whole bunch of bag with the fame. There's a whole bunch of good with the money. There's a whole bunch of bag with the money. And so that's how it goes. I wanted this life. This is exactly what I want. It makes me happy. But there's a whole bunch of people who would not be happy in my position just because of the amount of pressure they're under. In my last cancellation, we had press trying to find my mother, family members, doxxed. My-  Last 20 ex-girlfriends called and offered a bribe effectively a hundred thousand pounds to a negative story on me, another them turn. Bank accounts frozen, travel bands, all my social media is deleted. All over the news, national news, I'm evil. Press releases in the school saying that I'm bad for young men and I'm misogynistic. Like most people are not prepared for that level of pressure. I slam fine. Most people will be like, whoa, they're death threats. Like most people can't handle that. I can handle it fine. Most can. You have to decide what you wanna deal with. So when you're setting your expectations, it shouldn't just be about how much money you wanna make. It's truly about how stressed and how much pressure do I wanna be under. I actually enjoy it. I'm a warrior. I'd be bored in the other way. I want people coming for me. That's what I want. But if you don't want that, then don't build a life that does that. The fear I have is that those that can't take that sort of pressure could actually be plugging into the matrix. They're gonna be plugging into the metaphors and having their better life there and living there. Well, yeah, and that's what they're doing. That's an opt out. Yeah, and that's what they want a lot.  people to do, but for now at least you can't escape the brutal realities of the real world. And I think also that truthfully, on your deathbed, you're going to regret all the chances you didn't take. I think especially as a man, I think we're out here to conquer. And I've always been taking, I've always took in a lot of risks. I was being a risk taker, who I am as a person. No death, no risk, no glory. I've always been that guy. And I feel like a lot of it is also for you to decide yourself and decide with your own conscience, will I be comfortable if I go to 6 out of 10 or do I really need to be 10 out of 10? And that's fine. Everyone's different, right? But yeah, I think you should set the goal that you're truthfully prepared to live that lifestyle of. Everyone can be a better version of themselves. Well, it won't be a better version of themselves completely. And it's down to the three things I said earlier, stupid lazy arrogant. I think most people are just too arrogant to learn. And I'll give an example of it. I'll give an example of why people are too arrogant to learn. Let's forget about selling products. On my email, on my website, cobertake.com, I have an email list.  is completely not least free. I am a billionaire. I'm sitting here telling people how to make money. Anyone who's listening to this is watching. They obviously find me entertaining. They find you entertaining. They understand we're knowledge. I will tell you how to make money and I will give you knowledge and advice via email for free each day. There are people who will sit and watch this knowing that and still not sign up. Explain that to me. They're like, how could you sit and go? This guy's smart. He's entertaining. He knows things. He has a free email list. I'm too lazy to type in or arrogant to sign up for free. It takes six seconds and they still won't do it. Of the a million people who watch this, half of them will sign up and half of them won. And the half that don't will still be like, I'll get rich one day. No, you fucking won. You're a dumbass. If a man isn't rich, can they be deemed a successful? Completely. You have to decide, yeah, it depends. There are people who are dedicated to surfing and they live in a tent in Bali and they surf every day. I love every minute of it. And they smile. That's fantastic. You have to decide what you want in life. I want to conquer the world.  And if you're going to conquer the world in the modern society we live in, that's going to be a fiscal conquer. What's we going to do? You're going to make a bunch of money. How else are you going to conquer the world? That's what I wanted. Do you have to decide what you want? And it's different folks with different strokes and it takes a lot of different kind of people to make the world go around. But if you truly want to conquer the world, you're going to end up wanting a bunch of money because that's the way to do it. That's the way to do it. So you've to decide the life you want to live. Right? So if you had a teenage son, what would be the one piece of advice you'd give him to break through the matrix and achieve success in life? Whatever that is for him. I'm actually genuinely worried about my children because I grew up so broke and there could be so fucking rich. It is a worry, isn't it? It's a worry because you're a different man when you have no safety net. You're a different man when you have to pull it off. No, I need to. No, I literally have to pull this off. I have to roll the dice. Most men don't understand what it feels like to roll a dice and you have to get a sink. What do you mean you have to? No, I have to get a sink. Yeah. Oh, but what if you don't? No, no. I have to get a sink.  You're not understanding me. So that's extremely character building. And for that reason, I'm gonna make sure that my children, I obviously, another thing that comes with it, I took up a bunch of risks that I would never be comfortable with my children taking, because this is the problem you go soft, right? I was riding around in a motorcycle with no insurance running from the cops. I could have been splattered on the road, but I would never want my son to do that. But at the same time, I wanted to be like me. So it's difficult, it's hard. He can't go through the same lessons that you went through. And that's why you didn't give me everything, man. Yeah, very difficult. Yeah, Curtis has basically earned his way in life. You know, he's done very, very well. But I wouldn't just give him everything. Absolutely not. You know, even down to a loan, when he started his business, you need a laptop. I said, well, you gotta go and earn that money. He took by that laptop. Well, he went to his nan, managed to get a loan off his nan. But, but that's stiff. He's got it as a loan. He hasn't been given a handout, you know? And you need that, and you need that for a variety of reasons. One, because you won't be satisfied with yourself. If you're giving a bunch of money, you're never gonna be happy with money. Yeah.  That's the first thing. And two, yeah, there's so many lessons that come along the way with business that you can't just skip, right? So I know exactly what you mean. But as for my teenage son, I'm gonna try, I'm gonna try very hard to, he's gonna have problems he needs to solve. And I think if you're a young man, even if you're not my child, if you're just any man who's out there in the world today, you need to look at some problems that need solving either for yourself or for society and find a way to fix them. And I think that you should just adopt some problems and try and fix them. It doesn't matter what it is. You can just try and fix the litter in your area or you can try and get a six pack or whatever you want. Men are builders. The modern world, call me misogynistic. The modern world was built by men. Every building you're in was built by men. Every road you drive on was built by men. We're builders, we build things. And that's what you should be focused on. And like I said before, if you're hard working and you build and I think you'll do a well in life, that's what it's really about. You can't hide away from the brutal realities of work. That's it. And while we're on the subject, that's actually where these last two years have been pure clown world because I've known some people have made a bunch of money in crypto. And I've said to them,  What you've just gone through, what you've just done, is once in a generation and it's completely ruined you, because normally if you make less than a tuna grand, you have learned lessons to make that tuna grand. You've learned marketing, you've learned sales, you've learned how to manage staff, you've learned how to deal with pressure, you've learned how to be on time, you've learned a bunch of things. So you can continue it. So you can continue. And even if you lose all the money, you've retained the lessons. 100%. What have you learned? You bought a coin that went up, okay good. You have not learned a single fucking thing about how money is made, about personal development, you didn't even learn how to have a firm handshake and put on a tie. You learned nothing. You pulled it off, you made a few, made a few bulldoers, you've lost them now. And now the worst thing about it is, you think you're too good for work. You think you're so smart now. Oh, I got it, this is the next one that you got lucky. Now you think you're too good to actually get up and grind. You think you're just gonna pull it off again, another law or you win. And you don't think you have to work very hard and guess what's gonna happen to you? You're gonna have a fucking broke. Because that's not the reality of the world, that clown.  That's not self-accountability. Sitting and watching the Bitcoin price, waiting for it to go up so you have money, it's not self-accountability. That's prayer that you guys would have to do to lock the numbers. All these people who made money in this clown world, love them, haven't learned any lessons about the reality of Earth, and it's about to get a lot harder. Inside of my school, the real world, we have an entire subject on attention and phone calls. We have a lot of people who are not interested in this. We have a lot of people who are interested in this. We have a lot of people who are interested in this. We have a lot of people who are interested in this. We have an entire subject on attention and focus. Because a lot of kids, especially young kids, now can't even pay attention. We have to teach them from the beginning how to watch the lessons because they're too long and they can't focus. It's crazy. It's all like picking up your phone all the time, even some of the people that work for us. I want them to be focusing on their job and they're always on their phones. It's not clear. It's a lot of other people. I know, I know. But yeah, they're always on their phone. It's breaking their attention. And they don't realize it's not the time just on their phone. They're taking them out from it and then back into it. It takes you a bit of time to get into it. A couple of things.  Okay, even focusing. Yeah. And so inside the school and the real world, we had to teach people how to focus again. So like these last few years have been complete clown world. And I think we're about to hit very, very difficult times. But in hard times, the people who are good at the game get very rich. Well, we interviewed Tom Hartley very recently, the supercard dealer. Yeah. And he made his money from 11 years old to 17, lost a million at that point, went back to broke. But the words he said were, alone all those lessons, I can get there again. Completely. And that is a really important lesson. He didn't lose it from being silly. He lost it due to a technicality as well, which was a thing. No, but this is the thing. And I truly believe like, this is where we go back into me saying all my income is disposable. I can never be poor. My skill set, the people I know, my phone book, my reliability, my reputation, you could take all of my money today. I'll be a millionaire again in two weeks. Like I can call people say, lend me 10 mil. That's a take. I go, I can call people. I know.  people, I'm, I'm, I'm, I, I place I can go. I'm good at speaking. Like once you have those lessons and once you have that network and once you have those things built, you can't go work. You really can't. You get to a point of life where the only way you could go broke is if you become a drug addict or something ridiculous. But yeah, so the lessons are very, very important. Yeah. I want to make it clear because these last few years people skipped all of them. Even if they have a little bit of money, they have not the lessons and they're going to suffer. Universal Teach them a lesson. Forget the bad things. Remember the lesson. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think your friends and your circle is a good way to make sure you're learning those lessons. They can get on to you and say, look, you're making the same mistake again and again. How do you build your circle? I'm ruthless. I am ruthless. I'm ruthless. You wouldn't be in the other way, would you? No, but I don't have time for, for, for brokeies. I have time for sad people. I don't have time for unlucky people. I don't have time for someone who's complaining. I don't have time for negativity. I don't have time. I'm so ruthless. If I knew a dude who always had a cold, I wouldn't talk to him. You're too sick. I don't like it. My...  is winners. Everyone around me is a winner. No matter what bad happens in our lives, we win. And it's amazing to me that people understand that you are the sum of the five people you spend most time with. But then they don't create their circle. No. They'll go, yeah, I understand that part. And then they'll still hang around with a bunch of fucking losers. The problem is, it has to be a value exchange. You can't be a loser hanging around with winners because winners don't want to hang around with you. You need to find a way to provide value and work your way up. But as you progress through life, there's going to have to be people you cut off. Because they're just holding onto your coat tails, slowing you down. And then there are only times you give them a chance. They don't want to fucking progress. And that's their decision. That's fine. You don't have to feel guilty about that. You have to find a way to help. We covered it on a short recently. And we got quite a lot of hate on that, didn't we? The fact that we've had, you know, through my life, I've had to cut people out. And I don't want to cut them out. It's just, I'll be dragged back and I can't gradually move up on the levels. Because they're holding on to the person you used to be. And they expect you to be that person. They go, you've changed. Headlines. Yes, I have. Why haven't you? Completely. And life is a value exchange.  Every friendship, every relationship, every business relationship, there has to be an exchange of value. If you're, as you progress through life, if people stay in the same place, you're only giving value and you're not receiving any value back. And you have to be ruthless about those things. Like I have a very created circle and everybody in my circle is extremely useful and we're extremely successful. And it's a very motivating thing. If you're in a room full of ice cream experts and all they talk about is ice cream, how to move ice cream, how to sell ice cream, different flavors of ice cream, how you make ice cream, you're going to learn a lot about ice cream. If you're in a room full of people who are billionaires, guess what they're talking about? Money, and guess what you're going to learn about? Money. I don't sit and have pointless conversations with people. I don't even know what people are talking about. If me and my friends meet, we end up talking about the earth and how it can pay us. Well, that's the worst what we talk about. And that's how we manage to make a bunch of money. So you have to be ruthless with your circle. And for people out there who understand this, a lot of people say they understand it, but they genuinely don't. But if you do, and you are trying to progress through a circle, you need to know that you need to find a way to provide value.  to either join networks like my one on corporate.com or you need to find a way to provide value. I'll give you an example. In Romania, I was driving and I went to a town called Cluj. It's a very small town. I went in a nice car and a kid came up to me and he said, I run the car spotting page and we take pictures of the Ferraris and Lamborghini's kind of take picture. So, yeah, sure. And anyway, he took a picture of it and then he gave me his business card and he said, I just want you to know I don't even like cars. I just knew the best way for me to meet rich people is to take photos of nice cars. It's a great story. I was like, I was like, you're smart. I hired him. I'm not surprised. He works for me. Yeah. He still works for me for this day. He was smart enough to go, well, where's the money over there? I don't get close to the money. Oh, they don't want to talk to me. But if I take cool photos of his car, he might want to talk to me. You have to find a way to provide value to people. If you provide value and it's a value exchange will do good. But yeah, I say this to people and they go, oh, put my friend in, you know, we have a good time together. Well, if you're going to prioritize your friends by drinking and having fun, then you're going to have a bunch of fucking loser friends that's your life and that's your life to live.  it's fine. Don't complain when the NHS are on strike and you can't get so in and I'm at a private hospital in fucking Saudi. That's your problem. You have to just make your decisions in life and live and live true to them. But creating a circle is ultra important. And it's not just important financially. It's also important for your entire life and your mindset as a whole. Because you know, it's amazing, especially amongst men. We never want to be the poorest person in the room. We never want to be the weakest person in the room. You never want to be. So if you are, if you're with a group of killers, you have now this massive expectation. It's almost like societal pressure and a positive force. If I go to my friends, I can't be the weakling. If everyone does XMAT pushups, I have to do it. You might get dropped out. Yes. Well, you don't want to. That's not happening. You don't want to feel that way. No. It's funny. You say that because when I first made Kai, he was so against working out, but now he started, you know, because we all work out in the group. He's getting there. But that's that's it. So you can get just like peer pressure, going to be a negative peer pressure, going to be a massive positive. And it can accelerate you towards the moon. You can get an upward smile.  So my team, it's not just about how we make money. It's also an entire mindset. I don't want to be the only scared one in the group. If me and my team, with me and my six closest friends are walking down the street and a couple guys came up to us with machetes, I know they wouldn't be afraid. It's now I'm not afraid. Now no one's afraid. Now you're fucked. Now the guy's who the machetes should be afraid. That's right. It's like a army. It's like a gang, right? You have to have that mentality. So it's not just even about money. It's about your entire life you create. If you're a person, if you're a man and you're out here and you go, you know what, who do I want to be? I want to be strong and rich and brave and respected. Then I need friends who are strong and rich and brave and respected. That's what you need to do. If you're going to say, oh, I want to be these things, but I hang around with this guy because we play FIFA together, then you can stay a fucking loser. And that is your decision. Stay a loser. I have no sympathy for losers. I want to make this another thing clear that ends up on TikTok and I'm going to cry his eyes out. I don't give a solitary fuck if you want to state the bottom of the societal totem pole. If I'm going to ignore how I feel day after day so I can perform, regards the weather, I'm sad, happy, pissed off, tired.  If I'm gonna get up and work anyway when I'm tired, how do you expect me to feel sorry for you because you didn't work when you were tired? If I don't care about my own emotions, I certainly don't give a solitary shit about yours. If you want to stay a loser, stay one. Good. It's fine. It's a stay a loser. I have no sympathy for you. I don't care. What would you say the single thing was for you to go and grab life by the bollocks and go for it? Because something had to spark that. I was instilled with a duty for a very long time to honor my ancestors through achievement. And I was told from a very young age that the only thing your ancestors are interested in is achievement. Even to this day when I do podcasts, people repeatedly talk about my father. If I wasn't successful, he wouldn't be spoken about anymore. He died nine years ago, and he was a good chess player, but no one's really that interested in chess. The reason he lives on is because I'm so monumentally successful that people are interested in my origin story and he is mentioned. The reason I will live forever is because my son will be so monumentally successful that they'll talk about how he could have been such a perfect specimen of man, how he was raised, and they will mention me.  If you give a shit about your ancestry, and if you give a fuck about your family, and you're not a selfish person, and you want them to exist out in the ether for reality, for the eternity of reality, it is your duty to be successful. That's why I got dad to start the YouTube channel, because it's kind of commemoration you forever. People can look at that. I'm all my wife. Yeah. A hundred years later. You're like, let me tell you that. But yeah, no, it's always there for people to look at, and it's like that version of my dad that I always saw, you know, and I wanted other people to experience that. Completely, so if you love your family, and you love your last name, and you're proud of yourself, then you have a duty to be massively monumentally successful to show homage to your ancestors. I find it amazing. There are people out here today who are gonna sit and say, oh, I'm sad, I'm too depressed, I don't want to work hard. There, do you understand that only 200 years ago, there were peasants out working a field starving, surviving the black death, surviving the plague, struggling to exist just to reproduce, so that 200 years later, you can be the end of their bloodline to sit on your ass and do fucking nothing. You're like, when you're...  You're a fuck up. You're fucking up your entire bloodline of your entire ancestry. You owe these people things. You must, they went through hell for you to exist. You have a debt. You have a duty to pay. You have to be the best possible version of yourself. And the same to God. God loves people who try. God loves people who work hard. It's amazing if you try your very best all the time what God will give you. He will give it to you and it's that you want. If you actually try not convincing yourself you try actually try their different things. But yeah, I was in still with this because from a young age my dad said you're a tape and taped to the greatest people on the face of the planet and there's been a day I'm not here anymore and they're going to talk about me because of how fantastic you are. So go do your fucking job. And I said yes sir. And here I am. And this is a similar thing to what you said like every 2B where he has to be better than the last. He does and you will and that's how it should be. That's absolutely because that's family legacy. You know they went through the middle ages. I watched a video on this just recently and the middle ages lasted all the dark ages for about 400 years. No one progressed, nothing progressed.  They lived the worst and I'm gonna swear the shitiest life for 400 years. And exactly you say, just reproduce it so that you can be on this planet at this time now. Completely. And that's gotta be, you got respect that. You got respect that I wouldn't want to have gone through it. Absolutely. And nobody cares back then. Unfortunately. And like you said about the, each tilbury being better than the last, that's exactly the way to look at it. That's how life should be. You should have a duty to your ancestry. And my father taught that to me and he's taught it to him. And it's disappearing from society. It used to be like, I am Andrew, son of Emory. It was all about who you're son of. Yes, it's all vanishing now. But you have a legacy you can build. And I love the fact that when I was growing up, when my dad walked into a chest tournament, people were scared because his name was said. And they were fearful of his last name. And now people are fearful of the last name again because of me. And they will be again because of my son. And this is the beauty of life as a man. And one of the most terrifying, but also gratifying things of life as a man that were all born relatively value.  I don't think women are born that way. A woman, if she's born, especially if she's attractive, has an innate value. People just want her no matter what. But as a man, if you're not an important man, nobody gives a fuck about you. And they're never gonna care. So you have to build yourself from the ground up. And that's scary for a lot of people, but it's also a massive opportunity. You can decide if you wanna be a famous musician or a nice sensitive poet or a painter or a kickboxing world champion or a businessman. You get to decide on all the different characters in the video game you can choose who do I wanna be. And then if you actually try, actually try, you can become it. It's not amazing. You can wake up and go, you know what, I wanna be this kind of guy. I knew who I wanted to be. I wanted to be the dude pulling up in the Lambo three in the morning, gets out. And I was like, who is this big, strong, rich dude? I wanted to be that man, so I became him. And if you don't want that, if you wanna go be a musician and play guitar and get a bunch of chicks and chillin' Bali and smoke weed, whatever, go, you can choose your character and build it. I think the biggest problem is people don't wanna choose. They don't know what they wanna do. And they can't figure out.  to do it. And also they think they've got to know everything about what they want to do before they can even start. So like when I went into business I never clue what I was doing. Most don't. Most of winging it. You're certain to agree. Oh yeah. And you learn as you go. That's how you do it. You don't have to know it. No one knows everything. So how you ever going to know enough to start. But the school system teaches you like if you get something wrong there's only one right answer rather than lots of correct answers. Well the educational system's designed to make people into slaves. It really cries my gears. It's a massive waste of time. And so that's part of it. But you're right. And there's also some universal constants like if you a lot of people don't have the ability to understand the compounding effect of doing the right thing time after time. Even if you start a new business you don't know what to do. I guarantee if you're always on time. If you're a builder and you're always on time take the basic shit just be on time. Yeah. Over time you may you may think of just on time no one notices trust me across 10 years that's the difference between being a successful builder and not being a successful builder. Well the thing is we expect  you to be late today, but you were early. So it just shows, even when you reach that level of success, you still respect people's time, which is... Just stick to the absolute basics and do the right thing and do know what you're supposed to do. And this is why I have so little sympathy for people who go, I'm trying to make it and I can't, because I think they're lying to me and they're lying to themselves. Early, early is on time. On time is light and light is unforgivable. Completely agree. Completely agree. Absolutely. And it's these basic things that even even in the modern world, it's amazing how people are failing. So yeah, it's interesting, but it is... It's a very fun commentary and I read a lot of emails, I got a lot of emails, a lot of messages and a lot of people are like, bro, I'm trying my best and my answer is simply, no, you're not. I really don't think they're trying their best. Maybe I come across and I seem non-sympathetic, but I'm from a council estate in Luton, I'm now a billionaire, and it's because I actually tried my best. Did I just not know what their best is? Did I, in the quark mile of everyone being like them and they think they're doing a little bit better than everyone?  But you know what's funny, what's funny is this? If you were to take somebody who says, I'm doing my best, I'm really trying. And you were to get an exact schedule of their last week and find all the times they've wasted time. You'd say, look, you've wasted time, wasted time, wasted time, wasted time. You know what's actually amazing? Most of those people are not even self-reflective enough to go, you're right, I'm not trying my best. You know what they'd say? Well, I have to, sometimes, well, I have to have a social life. Well, they'd be so arrogant, cause they're arrogant. I had to do my face book. Yeah, yeah, you would even show them. Here's where you fucked up. Well, you know, I have to, you're crazy. And then they go back to me to loser. That's the amazing thing about losers. You can drag them to the water, but they won't drink it. This is beautiful. Yeah, they always feel like they're doing everything rather than like a successful person. Feel like they're not doing enough. You nailed it. They have no self-accountability. And you're right, a lazy person thinks he's working too hard and a successful person thinks he isn't working hard enough. And we're doing 20 times the work they are. And we're like, oh, I could have done more. I could have done this.  So I missed that today, can't miss that again. I'll shit her taking that call, I should've flown there. I should've, that's the, you know, we have guilt about it. They don't give a solitary fuck. And even if you point it out to them, they'd sit there and go, oh yeah, and they'd make some excuse for it. It's the brutal arrogance of people. It's truly brutally arrogant. I encourage absolutely everybody who finishes his podcast to go to your website and learn something. You should go and educate yourselves. These people are sitting here and they're teaching you. You've watched the entire thing. You understand there's knowledge, are you just gonna turn it off? I just go back to being a dummy. And that's a great culture action isn't it? But it's true, yeah, yeah. It's true. It's like, if you're not gonna take any action at all after two hours of being educated, then you're gonna just stay a loser. Yeah, 100%. That's the reality. When is enough? Enough. That is a good question. For money, everything. Okay, yeah. So for money, there is a number which I think is enough. I think once you get to less a 20, 25 million, you can have anything you want. Besides stupid shit like yachts, which doesn't even make you happy.  and they're just a headache to own. Power is the problem. You have to understand what you're really chasing. And I know for me, you'll never be enough because I know I'm chasing power, because even during the height of Corona, which educates me how important power is, I can't listen to people. It's not who I am. So if I have to buy a plane to not wear a mask, I will buy a plane. So it depends what you're truly chasing. If you're truly only after money, 20, 25 million, you know, the very good life you'll be happy for a very long time. You don't have to live as crazy as me. But if you're after power, then it's never enough. And then you have to sit and be very smart and self-reflective and understand where you're trying to go. And it comes to a point where it becomes detrimental to you. So even me as an individual, I'm sitting here now and analyzing and thinking, if I carry on with the trajectory I'm carrying on, they're gonna put me in jail because I'm too influential and I'm too dangerous. If I say, I can influence an election right now. That's a huge worry, isn't it? It's scary for them. They're like, oh, who's this guy? And they've tried to get me to sell my soul. I'm not gonna give too many stories, but I'm not...  occasions, they've tried to get me to sign contracts and offer me a bunch of money to shut up and agree to this and agree to that. And I won't do it. So now they're sitting there going, okay, there's this person with massive influence to perhaps the most influential man in the world. We've offered him to sell his soul so we can control him. He won't do it. He can influence things massively. He is a wild card. What do we do about this person? And they sit and go, okay, well, I choose him as something. Put him a jail. And if that doesn't work, then it's like, oops, car crash. So I'm now at a position where I'm like, I have to very strict, strict, strongly gauge how far I want to go because there's some because Icarus flew too close to the sun. So it gets scary, right? So you have to be very self reflective of these things. But yeah, how much is enough? I don't know. I hope I'm going to balance it just right. And I'm going to save the world and awaken people from the matrix and stay breathing as long as possible. We'll have to see how it goes. But I will say this because I sat on every single podcast. If they locked me up for some insane bullshit, I didn't do it. And if they say I killed myself, I didn't kill myself either. It's all a fucking lie. I'm going to say that here.  now. Thank you very much for taking the time to come and try to get big. It's been a fantastic night. Thank you very much. If you've enjoyed that, make sure to smash the like button for the YouTube algorithm and it's goodbye from me. And it's goodbye from these two. Ladas. See you later. Bye. I'd rather not be in the after when he does it like that. Yeah, we need to slightly change it. We'll see you in a second. That was really, really good. Thank you.