 Hello friends and family. Nice early morning for me here in Bucharest, four o'clock in the morning, but I thought I'd do it at peak trenches time of a conversation with you all. And this is gonna be a very important conversation. It's gonna be a life lesson. Cause I'm kinda like the dad of the internet now. I'm that wise old uncle, you know? Even though I'm not that old and some of you may be my age, I just say things that you know are true. I remind you of the important things in life. And I feel like with all of this mania going on, I am obligated to remind you of a few simple truths and universal constants which never seem to change. Because a lot of you get distracted by shiny objects. And I'm gonna do my very best to keep you all on track to make sure you can do your very best amongst the chaos and amongst the peace. Cause you must be good at both the war and the peace. So this is gonna be an important emergency meeting. Pay attention. We've got a lot to talk about. And uh.  There's certainly been some developments in the last few hours that popped out before the meeting went live, but the emergency meeting was already planned, which are going to highlight my points. I think you know what they are. So let's talk about them today. Right. I've done a lot of videos on crypto, and I've talked about crypto at length many different times. And I've said that money amplifies who you are if you're a loser and you get rich, you're a bigger loser. If you're a G and you get rich or the top G, I've talked about this at length. I've explained that if you see a little dork with glasses on getting out of a Lamborghini, you assume he's a mega dork. And if you see a big strong scary looking man getting out of a Lamborghini, you assume he's a killer or a crime boss. The Lamborghini doesn't change who he is. It only amplifies and money is exactly the same. We've entered a new paradigm when it comes to things like financing, the access to money, how quickly it can be.  made, how quickly it can be spent and reinvested, the speed at which money is moving now is unprecedented. And although I'm only 38 years old, I want you to understand that 10, 15 years ago, when I was in my 20s, none of this existed. You weren't a streamer, streaming didn't exist. YouTube didn't exist. There was no such thing as crypto that didn't exist. None of these things did. People were out in the world working jobs, real jobs, like the memes you may call day long with the McDonald's hat. And people would work jobs all day long for their money, and then they would spend their money out in the real world, in bars or clubs or doing activities or spending time with their friends, etc. We have all fully plugged into this internet lifestyle now. We call it locking in. And I want to explain exactly what's happening here, because there's a very important yet devastating conflation that many of you are.  allowing yourselves to fall for and it's going to damage you in the long run. So as I said, I'm kind of like the uncle or the father of the internet. And I want to give you all some sobering thoughts before we talk about cryptos specifically. The first thing I want to talk about is a universal constant. And that universal constant is that easy come easy go. That is something that you've heard said thousands of times for a reason. And crypto is the easiest come money which is why you see all these people in the internet talking about how they lost it all. It's amazing how the human heart is infected with a permanent and never-ending greed. Doesn't matter how much you have, you're greedy. This built the modern world and how many skyscrapers were built someone wanted to build a bigger one.  Number, how much land was conquered? Somebody wanted to discover more land. It built the modern world, but we're now in a position where nobody is building anything. We are simply being as greedy as possible in a minus sum game. crypto isn't even a zero sum game. Yeah. Zero sum means win lose. So if I put in a dollar and you put in a dollar, one person walks away with two dollars, the other person walks away with zero. This is a minus sum game actually, because there's a whole bunch of fees involved for the platforms. So I put in a dollar, you put in a dollar, one person walks away with one dollar, eight, the platform gets 20 cents and another guy walks away with zero. So it's a minus sum game that this whole crypto world's become. And a lot of this is based on the fact that real work doesn't pay anymore. And I've talked about this in other videos I've made. I've talked about that at length. That why would anybody?  dedicate their lives to getting a degree in engineering to study hard for five or six years to build bridges For a hundred grand a year when you can make a hundred grand on farcoin And I described how this is going to destroy Society destroy economics because it's going to destroy the one thing That primarily built countries and nations which was the hard work of young men It is men that built everything you see around you the buildings were built by men the roads were built by men It is men who did real things for a paycheck But as we've been educated to the fact that our dollars are not real as our governments have robbed us and stole from us in real time and inflated our currencies most people feel like the only way out is to gamble and The fastest way to gamble with the highest and largest possible returns are meme coins Which is why we have this huge pvp insanity going on and everybody's trying their very best to just gamble their way out of the  goal, which is the economic trap we've been thrust into by the generation above us. How this is actually going to play out for society at large is going to be very, very interesting. But I want to give you all as many tips and tricks as I can for you to be successful if you're going to play this game. I can sit and tell you not to play the game, but that would be disingenuous, because to be honest, some people can win. So what I want to make you understand is the game you are playing and give you the best possible chance of winning it, because it is a minus some game. You must understand this by nature. That means more of you are going to lose than are going to win. This is built into the parameters of the game you are playing. This is coded. When you see these PNLs, you see people winning. You have to understand that for every person who wins big, often hundreds, sometimes thousands had to lose.  This is something you have to keep in mind and you want to put yourself on the correct side of that equation. So how do you do that? Well the first thing you have to do is make sure you do not fall into the devastating conflation that I previously described and that devastating conflation is confusing work with simply losing money. The reason this conflation happens is because work sucks and work makes you feel on happy because you don't like buckling down and getting work done. So because the feeling is generally a negative one, you and your amateur mind will conflate all negative feelings with work. So a lot of you will say, I'm working, I'm in the trenches, you're not working, you're scrolling Twitter, you're talking in discord groups and you're losing all your money. That's what you're doing. Now you call that work because losing all your money feels...  and going to work feels bad. Therefore, if they both feel bad, they must be the same thing. But they are not. Because when you work, you create. When you work in McDonald's, you create a hamburger. When you work on a construction site, you create a building. If you're buying crypto coins, you are not creating anything. And you're not even creating wealth. When I talk about when I was younger, there was no way anyone got rich. This is true. The world was a very different place. The idea of how to make a million dollars in the year 2002 was very different than now. But it was impossible for me to make money in 2002 without making other people around me rich and enriching the society at large. If I started a business, let's say I sold so fuzz, doesn't matter what it was. It could be the most mundane silly thing you could think of. I had to get a shop front, which means I had to pay rent to the shopfront owner who could afford to feed his family. That's it.  and I would have to get stock, which means that not only am I paying the person who manufactures the sofas and his large factory and all the people who work there and their families and by extension all of the houses built around that factory and the schools for the children of the people who work in that factory and the hospitals for the factory workers, all of this is infrastructure which is built primarily because I am a cog in a machine which is selling sofas somewhere in the world. I have to buy the stock. The delivery driver has to bring the stock. That's another man on a truck who has to earn some money. Then he brings the stock to me. I have staff who work for me. They have families. By the time I've made a million dollars, I may have generated ten million dollars and operated at a ten percent margin, but lots of people ate and were paid. Lots of money was made for the benefit of society. Buildings were built. Hospitals were built. Schools were built. All things existed with crypto none of that had-  happens. If I make a million dollars in crypto, nobody gets rich, but me. I just stole it. It reminds me of my much younger days when I was 22 or 23. And the primary objective was to rob drug dealers because they couldn't call the police. You're not gaining or helping the society. If you catch a lick, you're just robbing. And that's what crypto is. And everybody understands that was what it is. Nobody is here under any illusions. But I want you to understand the game you are playing and never conflate the negative emotions that come with a crypto loss with actual work. Because if you want to play this game, you need to be working as hard as possible. And there's a few reasons for that. The first reason is, if you're going to play a coin flip game, you need as many coins as possible. If I said you need to get ten heads in a row to become a millionaire. And you only have ten coins.  your chances low. If you have a million coins, what's your chances much higher? You need to have ammo. So if you're going to play this game, if you want to be in the trenches, if you want to gamble, if you want to play minus some games, you need to be more focused on doing things outside of these games. I've analyzed something which has given me a quite sobering conclusion when I scroll up and down Twitter and I see all these crypto people. I don't see that many success stories from people who purely started with a hundred bucks, made some crypto money and kept just aping in and getting it right and getting up to millions. A few have done that. Yes. But most don't. The people I know who are successful from crypto are successful in things outside of crypto and they take a gamble. They win. Take another gamble. They lose. Take another gamble. They lose. Take another gamble. They win. So what crypto is good for do?  is turning your money into more money. But you have to be careful that you are not falling in the trap of using up your time and not turning it into money. You can only make money one of two ways. You trade your time for it or you trade your money for it. If you are broke, you have more time than money so you give up your time for money. If you are rich, you have more money than time so you give up your money for money. But in the crypto world, trying to turn your time into money is a devastating trap. What you should be doing is using that time to make money and then turn that money into more money by a crypto. This puts you in a stable position where a crypto loss is not devastating because you have an income, primarily. It also allows you to take more coin flips, which is important because it increases your chances of success. And three, it gives you more to play with. I'm not particularly happy about the fact that I just made two of...  $3 million off Malena. I don't care. Doesn't really change my life that much, but I can ape in with size. I can throw 5,6,700 grand at something. So I need to catch a 3x. I don't need to catch a 1,000x. And I'm in that position because I make money outside of crypto. We tell you a really universal thing that applies to all realms of life. And I just said about easy, come easy, go, but that's what the crypto problem is. People are making money now so easily. They're losing scope of what money is. And I grew up in the real world. I grew up in a world where 10 grand got someone killed. 10 grand was a hit. You pay someone 10 grand, you can get someone stabbed in London. Cryptos got all messed up to the point now where people think 10 grand is absolutely nothing. And yeah, inflation's ravaged our community. Yes, 10 grand would not give you the Instagram lifestyle to get those girls who only want to gold dig you because women just chase cash all day long now. We can talk about the sexual marketplace and how females.  have all effectively to some degree become prostitutes because all they want to do is chase money. That's another conversation. But if I told you to put crypto away, go make 10 grand. You'd sit there flabbergasted. No crypto make 10 grand. You'd sit there and go, well, what can I do? If you went out there into the wide world and had to walk up to people and say, will you pay me 10 grand to do this? You'll be surprised how you'll often have to give up months of your life for that money. So 10 grand is real money. But if you work for it, you're gonna appreciate it. If you get it easy, you're gonna lose it easy. And that's what you see all over Twitter all the time. Another thing that's very important for you to understand before you play this crypto game. Because there is huge amounts of FOMO in the air tonight. And yesterday, I suffered it from it myself when I saw the Trump coin. Everyone has FOMO. And we're gonna talk about how to apply the FOMO correctly. But it's easy.  to win at anything if you're good at other things. If you want to make it in crypto, the best way to guarantee that you do is to make it outside of crypto. The best way to make it in crypto is to make it outside of crypto. If you're making millions outside of crypto, you're going to be fine in crypto. You don't need to take the huge risks. You can buy Bitcoin and ETH. You can wait. You're not going to panic sell. You can DCA. and then the end you're going to win. I mess around with meme coins. The majority of my wealth is Bitcoin and ETH. Boring. Why is it boring? Because I have huge pools. So why do I need to risk? I can play for the adrenaline. I can play for the fun. I can flip the coins. I don't need it to pull off. The majority of my wealth is Bitcoin and ETH. A lot of the young people are interested in these because they don't have enough money to get into them. I once again told  you how important it is, you finally understand you need to get some money before the wealth divide is cemented into humanity and you never stand a chance of escaping. I've explained that at length many times on previous emergency meetings. But the best way for you to make it in crypto is to make outside of crypto and this applies to anything in life. You have to amplify your strengths, amplify what you're good at because that allows you to do other things. The easiest way to make it with girls is to make it outside of girls. You want to make it with girls and you're running around talking to girls all day. You're never going to be as successful as if you make it outside of girls. Get your fitness right, get some muscles, get some status, get rich, get a big house, get famous, get smart, get funny, get charismatic, make it outside of girls and now you make it in girls. The easiest way to make it in business is to make it outside of business. Forget money. If you pull up to work or in...  shape, you're on time, you speak well, you're dedicated, you're in first, you're out last, and you're prepared to knuckle down, you're going to win. You're going to win if you just turn up looking good, confident, well spoken, built well. All of that happens in the gym and practice at home. That doesn't happen in business. So if you're sitting at home saying, how do I make it in crypto? In this crazy, unprecedented brand new, hyper quick, ultra competitive PVP minus some game, I would say the best chance you have is to make it outside of crypto first. Get your energy levels up, get your brain sharp, train hard in the gym, open up a real business, make some real money outside of crypto, get a good network, get some good friends, build a life for yourself, you're happy with. Now you could take risks in the crypto world, but that all takes real.  work. Trenching isn't work. Trenching is cope. Trenching is funny. It's trolling. It's ha ha ha. It's interesting. It's entertaining. But so is a roulette wheel. That's not work. So a lot of you are forgetting when you see these shiny objects and this glorious phomo with things like the Trump pump. That the best way for you to ever be successful on something like the Trump pump would just to be the kind of man who has enough money sitting around that once he knows this legit he could throw a few M at it and catch a two X. Anyone could have done that. Nice and easy. A lot of you are coming to be saying, Andrew, I want to make a crypto, I need to make money now, I need to make money now. What else are you doing besides crypto? Oh yeah, nothing. So what you just want to spunk your savings, you want to sit there and just into trenches and just blow your savings then what? Another  Another thing, that money has altered in the world. There's new form of money, there's new way of making money. Primarily, the true wealth that you obtained from making money in the olden days were the lessons you learned as you made the money. If you had a sofa shop, you had to learn how to do taxes, you had to learn how to deal with the government. You had to learn how to sell to customers, how to be polite, deal with customer support. You had to learn how to deal with international business, let's assume the factor you bought from was from another country. You had to learn how to have staff, keep them motivated, how to sell. You'd have to be on time, and diligent, and organized to keep your store open, and clean, and functioning. You would learn things. So by the time you became rich, all of a sudden, you have all these other skill sets, and these other skill sets,  What did I say? The best way to make it is to make it somewhere else. If you can sell Doris a brand new sofa that she doesn't need for 3G's, you can probably convince Doris to come back to your penthouse to dig her clothes off. You'll get good at girls by getting good at selling sofas. Now you're rich from selling sofas, you know how to sell and you can get any girl you want. If you make money in crypto, you haven't learned a thing. I'm not top G because I have money. Everyone has money now. Everyone's rich. Everyone has a Lambo. Everyone has an AP. I'm top G because I'm unafraid and I'm brave and I speak well and I'm smart and I'm insightful and I'm charismatic. All of this was learned by making money the hard way. We could even apply it to streaming. If I said to you right now you had to become a world famous streamer and you sat down in front of your microphone and tried to stream.  You'd get some viewers, sure. But what would you talk about? What would you say? What would you do? You can self-dechantment like a clown, like these other big streamers do. Make a fool of yourself. But besides that, the only way you can get views as a streamer is to have made it outside of streaming, like I have. You are watching me not because I'm a streamer, because I made it outside of streaming, and I'm talking about my life outside. I gotcha. As you see crypto pump, yes, you need to allocate a certain amount of time and finance to crypto, of course. But you need to be more focused than ever to be successful outside of it. I know this seems counterintuitive. I know you're sitting to think, but take always his work. Lock in. I do. But you are making a deadly mistake with this aesonine conflation between permaloss and getting wrecked and work. They're not the same thing. When I miss the Trump pump, I...  I had some FOMO, yes. And I sat here on the emergency meeting and said, what is this telling me? This is telling me that Trump is cryptoverced and Bitcoin will probably massively and heavily increase during his administration. So I'm okay anyway. I learned the lessons, I was like, okay, well I've made enough money outside of this memecoin pump. I can do other things outside of this memecoin pump. That memecoin pump doesn't matter. Another thing I wanna say about the universe and how it works. God only gives you what you're ready for. And on the rare occasions, he gives you something you're not ready for, you're going to regret it. I wanna make you all feel better. If you're watching this and you didn't become a millionaire yesterday, I wanna make you feel better. Because there are timelines in this multiverse where you caught that million dollar pump. And you go in your car and you crashed. Go to half.  happened. You could have caught that million dollar pump and somebody you love would have heard about it and got excited and tried to drive home a little bit quicker and crashed our car. And if you could then with hindsight be offered two timelines. Do you want that pump with these scenarios or do you want to ignore the pump and everyone be healthy? You choose the timeline you are currently in. So you don't need any FOMO. You're fine. You're watching an emergency me in your functioning. Crypto is going nowhere. More pumps are coming. You now know that crypto is here to stay. This presidential administration is going to heavily adopt crypto currencies. You're going to catch a future pump. Nothing bads happen to you or your family. So this terrible FOMO, this chasing shiny objects to imagine this perfect world where you pulled off this free money from the sky that you didn't even work for. You need to get that out your head.  Energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted. So that phomo that you feel That negative emotion that you feel that sadness that you feel that inability to sleep that anxiousness that nervousness That should have you in the gym training harder than you've ever trained But instead what it has you doing is scrolling up and down Twitter Freshing the page hoping that's gonna somehow turn back time Which is a mistake If God Decided you didn't need to catch that pump right now then his plan for you is for you to dedicate yourself and rain dance Which I'm gonna talk about because I've talked about it before Until you eventually catch the pump when you deserve it You know I wasn't even rich till I was 27 and I think back and I think  God, I wasn't rich when I was young. Because if I got rich before 27, I wouldn't be strong like I am now, and that's worth more than being rich. And I wouldn't be able to fight like I can now, and that's worth more than being rich. And I wouldn't have the lessons I say to you on all these emergency meetings, and that's worth more than being rich. And I wouldn't have learned how to get bitches broke, and that's worth more than being rich. I could have got rich at 21 and started buying bitches Berkins, and run around Santa Pay with prostitutes. Sure. I like all the lessons I had when I was poor. That's why I'm top G, because I have the poor man's lessons and the rich man's money. So if God's decided you need some more of the poor man's lessons, then that is a blessing. You just have to be prepared to do the right things to learn them. Refreshing a Twitter page ain't gonna teach you. The fight gym's gonna teach you. Picking the elf.  on your chin like a man and saying, yeah, good, I didn't deserve that money yet. Ask yourself, do you deserve for all of those Twitter, for all that Twitter scrolling you've done and for all those messages you've sent in telegram, do you deserve millions of dollars? You know you don't deserve it and God knows you don't deserve it. Even if he gave it to you, it would be a punishment. There's nothing worse than giving a person who's not ready for money money because they're gonna, they're life up and they're gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna get up the life with the girl who actually cares about them. They're gonna end up in dangerous scenarios, dangerous situations. They're a robbery, you can talk it. All of this is bad, bad, bad news. It's like giving a Ferrari to someone who doesn't know how to drive. Need to learn how to drive first. And my-  My brand for the longest time had nothing to do with crypto. I jumped into crypto for the lulls because it was funny because I was on house arrest and it was funny. My brand has always ever been telling you guys at home the truth and the truth about life is that there is no way easy way out. There is no shortcut home. It's rocky. It's round 10. It's a slugfest. It's broken eye sockets and it's swinging. That's all life is ever going to be at the top. Even with money it's the same. For me it's still jail. It's still court. It's still international warrants. It's still problems. I can only deal with them because of my poor man lessons. I went to jail in Romania. The f***ing gypsy's tried to pick on me. Not know when I grew up in Luton. I'll fight all ten of you right now.  They learned better. If I had made a, if I call a 10 million lick at 16, how would I have survived in jail? Being poor saved me, not being rich, being poor saved me. The universe is telling you there are lessons you need to learn. And my brand has only ever been telling you that life is shit as a man. It's never happy. It's never smiles and rainbows. You do not get to wake up and scroll Twitter and make millions and be happy and smile. And the ones who do are not going to end up happier than you. You have to wake up, realize life is shit. Do the right thing even though you don't feel like doing it. Dedicate yourself, knuckle down, grind out, brutal, terrible, hard labor. And you need to have your soul and body...  Horsened by the monotamous grind and if you do it the way you're supposed to do it the lessons you will learn along the way makes money worth having There's no point in having money If when you walk into the club nobody gives a who you are nobody respects you. What's the point in money then? You see all the time in Miami now these crypto kids spending three four hundred grand on bottles and a night who cares Nobody I can walk in with a water It's my club and every bitch in here is mine and That's not because I got rich young it's because I grew up broke If you do manage to make a whole bunch of money you need to invest in yourself You need just that's when you got again the fight gym that's when you have to join the war room Any of you who call a crypto lick needs to join the war room today Because we don't give a shit about how much money you have  We care about the quality of your character as a man. How good are you in a firefight? That's what we care about. That's up to you if you want to upgrade your character. Or continue to scroll to her. And try and make more salana, I guess. As if that's going to change something. We all need money. Of course. But those of you who missed out, those of you who are sad, those of you who are begging me to pump some things you can catch some quick money, have missed the lesson that the universe and God is giving you. You don't want a Ferrari before you can handle it. Trust me. You're going to hit a f***ing tree. You want the hard work. And you want the difficulty. And you have to make sure you escape this deadly downward spot. A deadly downward spiral of perma conflating.  spending money and praying and hoping on meme coins with actual work. So I said earlier there's two primary ways you get money. You either give up your time or you give up your money. Now if you become a specialist in something your time is amplified. Your time now has a higher value. If you're a doctor your time is worth more than if you're a cleaner. Why? Not everybody is a doctor. Anyone can clean. That's pretty simple. With money it can also come down to how much you know and how well you know how to amplify your money. It's true. But to a degree you need a specialization. And we're going to talk about this now. We're talking about how to get good at something by being good at the at something else. Because I just described that concept. I want to describe it to you in another way. Korea. I know. Strange tangent. Hear me out.  Korea in the 1950s and 40s had the same GDP per capita as Yemen. It was one of the poorest countries in the world. The forgotten war, after World War II, there was a war in Korea. Nobody talks about it. America, who was sponsoring the Democratic forces and wanted to try and stop the spread of communism, sent American troops to Korea to fight on the side of the Democrats and the Russians, support the communists. So it was communists versus capitalists and Democrats. It was a very interesting war. In fact, the whole peninsula of Korea fell into both hands back and forth. And that's why to this day you have North and South Korea. The war never officially ended. A ceasefire was drawn and a line was drawn through the middle of Korea. Most of you don't know about this war. Nobody does, this is why it's called the forgotten war. But it was capitalism versus communism. Once the line was drawn, you had two countries, North and South Korea, both with the same...  GDP per capita as Yemen. As it stands today, North Korea is one of the poorest countries in the world, and South Korea is one of the richest countries in the world. Why? The people are the same, and the place they started from is the same, and it was only 60 or 70 years ago. So how within 60 or 70 years can one country remain poor, and the other country become extremely successful? Well, the idea behind it is actually quite simple. The North Koreans, the Communists, had an absolute self-sufficiency, and they didn't want to rely on any other country for anything. They wanted to do everything themselves, which sounds quite smart to be completely self-sufficient. But it turns out to be a massive hindrance, and the South, the democratic country decided to trade and open up and deal with all other countries. When you trade, what it allows you to do is become a specialist in one thing.  and then trade that specialty for the things you're not good at, which means that you spend all of your time focusing on the one thing you are good at, which amplifies the value of your time, because you can turn your time into money and you want your time to be as valuable as possible. So South Korea became very good at microchips. They didn't need to be good at making clothes because they were good at microchips. So they made the microchips, and if they needed clothes or whatever else, corn and baby oil for a Korean diddy par-e, it doesn't matter. They'd give microchips the thing they were good at for the things they were bad at and return. Whereas the North didn't do that because they wanted to be self-sufficient so they had to do everything themselves, which means they spent a large proportion of their time doing things they are not good at. Imagine this for you as a person. Imagine you want to be completely self-sufficient and you had to make your own clothes.  and grow your own food and build your own house. Now imagine you were a very talented musician, but because you wanna be self-sufficient, you don't have time to play piano because you have to build your own house and make your own clothes and grow your own food. And you may have a few spare minutes in the day to play some piano. You're gonna stay poor, whereas if you only play piano all the time because it's what you're good at, so that you earn enough money, that you can pay someone else to build your house, buy your food, buy your clothes, now you get to become rich, buy a trade, because it amplifies the value of your time. This is an extremely important concept for you guys at home to understand. If you want to be good at something that you don't seem to be that particularly good at, then you need to identify, well what am I good at? Let me focus on that. And then you can hire the right people around you to do the...  things that you're not so good at. So you spend all of your time only doing the thing you're a specialist in which increases the value of your time so you make as much money as possible. Kahnemar Greger was a good fighter. So he focused on fighting. When he wanted to launch a whiskey brand, he then uses the money and notoriety he had obtained from the only thing he is good at and hired people to deal with distilleries, to deal with starting an international alcohol brand, to deal with distribution. Imagine instead, he said, I want to do a whiskey brand all myself. I want to build his own distillery, make his own whiskey and drive it around in trucks trying to deliver it to f**king pubs. You don't get rich that way ever. So if there's anything else in the world that you're better at, than losing money in the f**king trenches, and if you were actually to do a P&L in your life, you'd probably realize you've made more money doing other things than you've ever made in crypto.  what you should be doing is doubling down on that thing, making as much money as possible, and finding someone else to do that shit for you. You should only spend your time doing what you are good at. This is an extremely important concept, not many of you understand. You may ask yourself, well, how do I then find people who I can trust to do the other things that I don't be, I can't do? This comes back to the sofa store and learning how to manage people and manage relationships and not be a little social artist. Sitting on chain all day will make you autistic. Nobody's gonna like you. To be likable and trustable and relatable. You're gonna learn that the hard way most often. To network, you're gonna learn that the hard way most often. But this is an extremely important concept that I want many of you to understand. If you're making three grand a month from a pet store, and that's what you're good at.  You need to spend your time getting that three grand a month up to 10 grand a month. Not sitting there gambling the three grand a month trying to catch a lick because you saw shiny object with a trump pump once in a generation. God knows when it's ever going to come again. This is extremely important because what crypto is doing is it's brain draining. And there's people now who are forgetting the thing they are actually talented in to just sit and chase. Imaginary gains in a minus some game and most of you are going to lose if you do that. Anyone who's followed me for a while understands. I told you I'll teach you how to make money with crypto. People often say he's as crypto guys are losers. No, I don't. I make a load of money with crypto. It's fine, but I make a load of money with lots of things. I make a load of money with property. I make a load of money because I can talk on a microphone and you will listen to me.  I make a load of money, owning a coffee shop, I have a car wash, I do everything. So I'm not against money. What I am against is the idea of people not prepared to sit down and do actual genuine work. So this obsession with shiny objects, this easy-come, easy-go, fast PVP minus some game will destroy you. And I said before I launched Daddy, my number one concern was making losers rich. And I want my students to get rich. Because my students are the only ones I know who dedicate themselves. How do I propagate my worldview with my monumental influence? Which is the only reason I speak, by the way. I don't talk to tell you to become transsexual. I talk to tell you to avoid that shit. I want you to think like me. That's why I'm speaking. So my worldview is based on the premise that you don't get-  things you don't deserve and if you do, it will destroy your life. So the best possible thing for you to do is wake up, grind out and rain dance. I've discussed the idea of rain dancing before. Rain dancing is a very simple concept you need to put and ingrain inside of your mind. If you want it to rain and you're sitting waiting for the rain to fall for your crops to grow and you do nothing, you have less chance of it raining than if you rain dance. Now I know that rain dancing in and of itself to dance around and make some noises doesn't affect the clouds but it shows God that you're prepared to work for what you want and you'd be surprised how lucky you get if you're prepared to work for what you want. Perhaps another tribe far in the distance will hear your rain dance understand you need water and bring you some and now your problem is solved. You would be suffering the drought if you did not rain dance. This is how life works.  Always has, always will. So I want my worldview of rain dancing, of difficult grind out, find a way to pull it off. It never comes easy. I'm never lucky. I don't need a lucky punch because I'm so accurate and I'm so fit and I'm so strong, I can make a calculated shock or I can swing longer than he can swing or I can take more than he can take. I don't need a lucky punch. I don't even need a fair fight. That's the mentality of a winner. So because of that, I said when I was launching Daddy, my primary concern was making loser's rich. Because if I allow a loser to become rich off of my coin or what I've done, that I'm not propagating my worldview. So I said very simply, I want my students who are prepared to work who have a high power level because your power level is directly correlated to the world.  you achieve inside of the real world, I want them to get rich because they deserve it. And they think like me. So let's actually analyze crypto marker for a second. This is interesting. It's a little thought experiment I had. We have a marker. It's crypto's PVP. So we have one person versus one person. It's cut throat. If a coin gets big enough, it doesn't feel as personal because it's no longer one V1. It's armies versus armies. And an individual death is a tragedy, but millions of deaths are simply a statistic and nobody cares. I say to you all.  girl called Mary died today. She was three. She fell out of a tree. You'll be sad. If I say that 10,000 little three-year-olds are blown up in Gaza, you don't care. Of course, the tragedy is much larger, but it becomes statistical, and it no longer becomes personalized in your minds. You don't give a shit. So if a coin gets big enough, all the people inside each coin, 1v1, perhaps it doesn't feel so personal. But how can you remove the PVP element from something like meme coins? This is the ultimate trillion dollar question. But of course, there's no such thing as free money. Unless you're the Fed, which is a whole new emergency being. The money has to come from somewhere. You can't give these people money without taking it from them and vice versa. So how would you fix this problem? Well, to-  a fixed this problem is the solution I have previously outlined on other emergency meetings. If I can give a certain percentage, because I can't give it to all of them, because then it wouldn't work. But if I could allow a small percentage of this army to get their money or their coins for free, now they can no longer lose. They may not win, but they can't lose. If these people are trading back and forth, and the currency has value, and a small percentage of people have that coin for free via an air drop, they're no longer in a position where they can lose money. And this removes the risk for this small subset. How do I select, or how do we select this subset, and what would be the parameters to select them? Well, it would be people who understand my worldview, people who work hard. And this is the basic thinking and premise.  behind. When I said, increase your power level, this is going to be an air drop, and the air drop is going to go to the students who have worked the hardest. Now you can keep it, you can sell it, you can do whatever, you can't lose, you didn't have to buy, it's no longer PVP. You can enter the market and sell it, and make some money, or you can keep it. Everything goes wrong, nuclear war happens, it goes to zero, you didn't lose, it doesn't matter. For a small subset, which are my students inside the real world. But the only way you can get yourself into this subset is to join the real world and dedicate yourself and work, which is to grind out the hard way, so you can learn all the lessons that I learned when I was grinding out the hard way, which ties into all the things I was saying earlier. And if you want to grind out the hard way and be successful and have a high power level, if you want to make it outside of crypto, so you can make it inside of crypto, you need to amplify your time and make it as valuable as possible by doing the one thing you're actually good at, as opposed to try to do everything, as we've just previously described and explained. This is the basic premise of my thinking.  So ask yourself a question. If you were honest and I were to say to you, do you want a 1% chance of making it today? Flip, you can roll a dice with 100 sides. Got 1% chance. You might pull it off. Or do you want a 100% chance you're going to pull it off in three years from now? Three short years, 100% you would have made it. The intelligent people would say, well, three years of working, learning lessons along the way, being poor enough to appreciate money once I have it, plus a guaranteed success, I'll take the three years. But most of you, if offered that chance, wouldn't take the three-year path. You would take the instant gamble bet, because you are so monumentally lazy that you would rather roll that dice, and sit at home with no prospects.  no hope, no chance, nowhere to go, then dedicate yourself to something for a little while. Which shows a monumental logic fail and the way that your mind functions. Because the three years it will take you to get to the guaranteed success are not wasted. They are spent teaching you things you're going to need to know once you get there to be the man you're supposed to be anyway. So when people are begging me for a pump, it actually makes me mad. Because if I just pump it and you all get rich and you didn't go through the struggle, you didn't enter the dojo, you didn't obey the sensei, you didn't fight 100 black belts. If you walk into a dojo and I give you a black belt, can you fight? No. No. You have to lose and get her and keep f-  turning up only then does the black belt mean anything? The fact you are begging for a pump instead of saying how do I make enough money to be able to take chances into crypto market in my spare time? How do I become successful enough outside of crypto to be successful in crypto? Shows there is something wrong with your mind? The fact you will feel FOMO for Trump coin and not convert that into energy which you can use to work hard and increase your finances and physical capabilities. Instead we'll sit around depressed, smoking cigarettes and drinking diet, and coax. Shows there is something broken inside of your mind? You could have easily made money on Trump coin even if you were late if you had millions to gamble.  spare, sitting around that you didn't care about. The path I offer you will never be the easy path because I never walked it. I don't know it. I'm not sure it even exists. I've heard stories from people who have told me these fantastical tales of the easy path and they seem to be well put together people with a nice suit and a nice watch and a nice car and a big smile. And they told me how easy it all was and how they just pulled it off. But I don't believe them because I've never lived it. Maybe it does exist but I never saw it with my own eyes. I never walked it with my own feet. I don't know it. I can't give it to you. I can't tell you where it is. I can't teach it to you. The only thing I can teach you is the long, hard...  work for a guaranteed result. That's all I've got for you. All I've got for you is the very simple logic that another pump is gonna come, that you'll catch it. If you're inside of the right networks, if you're inside of the real world, if you're inside of the war room, if you're making money, if you're dedicating yourself, if you're online, if you're strong, if you're mind is sharp, if you're focused, and you're making enough money to have it sitting around the bank, you're gonna get rich. Is it gonna happen today? No. Tomorrow probably not. Eventually 100%. That's all I've got to give you. There's none of this. All Trump didn't pump so Andrew, launch another coin and I'll just grab money off of that. I'm in crypto for the lulls. I laugh. I troll with it.  Because I can. If you could send a single tweet and change the crypto market, you would too. It's funny. Makes me laugh. It's entertaining. But the only reason I can do that is that because I have deep technical crypto knowledge. Is it because I'm a quant? Is it because I built a blockchain? I have more motion in crypto than in Vitalik. Smart as mother. Well, I built ETH. I couldn't build ETH of my life depended on it. I'm so good outside of crypto that I'm big in crypto. Goes back to my original point. I got big in crypto by being big outside of crypto. So yes, I can do these things and I do do these things. Yes, I have made many people rich. Yes, I want my students to have fun. I want the dava chance to amplify their money. But I'm not the guy.  who's gonna sit here and pump shit for you to sit around jerking off six times a day and managing to pay your rent. I'm the guy who's telling you that the only way out of the forest and the forest you are currently living in is a forest of insignificance. Nobody knows who you are and nobody cares when you speak. Women don't care, men don't care, I don't care. If you come up to me and say, Andrew, I want to tell you a story. I will say, I don't care and I will walk away. If Trump comes up and says, I want to tell you a story, I will stop whatever I'm doing and listen. That is the difference. Money won't change that. You can be very rich and me not give a what you have to say because I already have money. You are living a life of insignificance. Invisibility is perhaps the worst thing that can be bestowed upon a red blooded  You want to matter. You want to say something and people give a That's why people troll. We all do it The reason people go on Twitter and type insults other people is because if they don't type insults Nobody reacts and they want to care people to care about what they say So they've worked out nobody cares about what I say unless I mean People are so desperate For their words to matter that they'll attack other people with them and try and make other people feel bad just to gain a few fleeting seconds of No, variety before they're blocked forever That's how badly people want their words to matter And you're no better. You want your word to matter And you're in a forest now of Insignificance where nobody gives a shit about who you are and if you went to jail like I did No one would even talk about it  was talked about story of 2023. It happens to you, nobody will bat an eyelid. No media, no news, no newspapers, no cameras, no microphones, no tweets, no hashtags, nothing. And I'm telling you, the only way out of that forest is through the brambles, through the bushes, you have to fight a bear, you have to destroy a pack of wolves with your bare hands. Maybe along the way I'll throw you a weapon. I'll give you a hand axe called a crypto coin that makes that a little bit easier, but you need to struggle to get out. And you're sitting there in the middle of the forest going, no, I want you to pick me up in a hot air balloon because you are gay. You're asking for the easy way out because you are gay, because you're afraid of the pain, you're afraid of the lessons, you're afraid of the suffering, you're lazy, you believe you deserve it because you're arrogant, because you think that scrolling Twitter for the last-  few weeks, I mean, you put it enough work to somehow bag yourself millions of dollars. You think your Twitter scrolling deserves millions of dollars because you're a jackass because you're stupid. And all this pho-mo that exists is truly incredible because none of you deserve to catch a puff pump. And you should be glad you didn't even get it. If you want to get good at life, I can teach you how to do that. And that will translate into all areas of your life. It will translate into your marriage. It will translate into your friendships. It will translate into the street fight you inevitably get up and get in. It will translate into the jail time you'll probably do at some point in your life. It will translate into the jail time you'll probably do at some point in your life.  like into crypto it'll translate to mother basketball it doesn't matter I Can teach you that But I'm not flying around in a crypto haul air balloon Pick it up pansies From the forest of insignificance because they're scared to get in their shoes dirty I don't give a About doing that it doesn't interest me I've never seen that hot air balloon. I don't believe it exists when I was in that forest I had to fight the pack of wolves. I was busy fighting. I never looked up to the sky I can't even tell you if the hot air balloons real maybe it's real these other people talk about the easy path Maybe it exists somewhere. I've never seen it. I've never seen it So the lessons here  Firstly, it is absolutely brutally arrogant for you to feel FOMO over money you don't deserve. Firstly, that's going to anger the universe. And I'll tell you how it angers the universe. And I'll tell you how you'll get punished for it. You'll feel FOMO over money you don't deserve because you didn't earn it and you've done nothing spectacular and nobody knows who you are and you're not interesting or funny. You're dicks of average size and you barely use it because women don't like you and you're sitting at home thinking you deserve 3 million on the back of a coin launched by the most important man on the planet and you're mad you didn't pull it off. So because of that, that FOMO will eat you alive inside until you end up aping your life savings into BUCK SHIT COIN and you're going to lose it all. And that's going to be God teaching you a lesson because if you had more of a brain you've just sit and think I don't deserve that money so whatever I'm going to get back to  hard work, get back in the real world, I'm gonna knuckle down, I'm gonna make some money, my time's coming. But because you're so arrogant and you think you deserve that pump that you didn't, you're now tilted and you're gonna lose your life savings in your house gambling on bullshit. That's what's gonna happen, God's gonna punish you for your brutal arrogance. That's the first lesson, the second lesson is if you ask me for a pump, it makes me not want a pump. I read the daddy chat every day and when I see people talking about, let's rain dance, let's get the community together, let's talk on Twitter, let's do some work, let's build something. Then I pump it, when I scroll the chat and I see someone say when pump, I think this guy, I'll leave it for another three months until he's left. Because I don't want him to make a penny. I don't like him and I don't care. Because I don't need daddy to go up.  to me. It's gonna go up when I'm free. I'm gonna prove my powers and hopefully by then every single f***ing jeep and pump chasing bitch has left. Real holders only. My students are gonna win as I described to my very fantastically drawn diagram based on the back of hard work. So the second lesson is all I know, all I've ever known, all I've ever done is hard work. All I can teach you is hard work. I can give you a guarantee for success. I can promise you you'll have millions. I can promise you you'll have a world-class network. I can promise you you'll know the coolest motherf***ing on the planet. The smartest guys, the most capable guys, you go to the best places you'll have money. I can promise you all of that but you have to work for it. You can join the real world now for $49. You will gamble.  20 Solana a day but you won't do a little bit of work for less than 0.2 Solana. Why? Because you're arrogant and Because you're lazy and you're not gonna win that way God won't allow it I'm the most famous man on the planet because I worked I'll give you a world-class network in the war room, but once again once you're in the war room you have to work That's the only answer I have for you. I've made it out of the forest. I'm bleeding and I'm hurt and You managed to get a radio from deep inside the forest of insignificance and call my phone and you radio me and say Andrew Are you out? I said, yeah, I made it how and I'll tell you I had to fight a pack of wolves had to wrestle a bear Walk south and prepare for battle  Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Then f*** off. Then f*** off. Stay there. Gamble your money away. I'm f***ing mean coins. Like a dip shit. If you do feel if you do feel FOMO for money you didn't f***ing deserve. Then you just to take that energy, take that feeling, that emotion, those chemicals in your brain and flip them into power and go and train like you've never trained in your life. You should feel FOMO for the fact that I can strangle a man to death with my bare hands and you can't. That's FOMO. Numbers on a screen. Real FOMO is that if I grab someone by his neck. You don't f*** off.  have the things that matter. So take your FOMO and put it in a correct place. Use the energy in a positive direction. The third lesson. You need to learn to focus on what you're good at so you can outsource what you're not good at. You shouldn't be cooking your own meals waste of time. You should be able to do what you're good at at a rate that pays you higher than the cost of having someone to cook for you. The time should be too valuable. An hour to cook your food. You should be able to make more money in the hour and hire a chef and still be left with a profit. Focus on what you're good at. The fourth lesson. If you want to get good at something, get good at everything else. The better you are, the higher you are achieving in realms outside of the realm you're aiming to conquer. The more likely you are to be successful.  you become expert as something you have a genuine talent for. I think 2025 is going to be one of the most interesting years of the that we ever experienced. Truthfully, I think 2025 is going to be the year we all remember. I think how much crazy shit's happened so far this year with Trump token launches and he's about to take power and half of LA burnt down, no one even gives a shit anymore. 10 years ago, half of a major city in America burnt to the ground like Los Angeles, it'd be a constant news cycle. Now it's five minutes of giving a shit, two hours of memes and then we don't care. Worlds moved on, don't give a shit, maybe there's a coin, LA on firecoin, maybe I can make some money off the back of suffering. The world's 2025 is going to be a very interesting year. You have to prepare for it. I think it's a year where many people, especially my students are going to escape because I'm going to be giving them weapons that they can use along the way.  but they will be walking a difficult path because I don't know any other thing to teach you. Don't ask me for pumps. I will pump it if I feel like doing it because I think it's funny or if I think you deserve it and you're only gonna deserve it by a rain dancing. If you feel FOMO for yesterday and many people who have made money still feel FOMO because they don't feel like they've made enough. Self-analysed if you truly believe you deserve that money, one, two, find a positive direction for all of those emotions and three, prepare to make sure you don't miss out on the next opportunity. And the best way to do that is to become as successful as possible.  The final lesson. You need to self-analyses and self-reflect in all realms to make sure that you're not on the wrong path. If you do not change the direction in which you are heading, you're gonna end up exactly where you are headed. I told you to go south to escape the forest. You are walking west. If you continue to walk west, you will end up in the wrong place. So to self-analyses, I want you to genuinely think across the coming weeks. If you are conflating the stress and pain of losing money and praying to find a pump or a shiny object with the actual tasks of work, because they are different things. I'm going to be free this year. And the whole world is going to change. This year is gonna be a transformative year.  Trump is president, I will be free. There will be energy in the universe, energy that you can grab and transform into the building blocks required to improve your life in all realms. But none of it's gonna matter unless you're prepared for it. None of it's gonna matter unless you're doing due diligence on yourself, paying attention and ensuring you're the best possible version of yourself, and that you're not conflating the permapane of being the exit liquid, the permapane of being exit liquid, the permapane of being exit liquidity with doing something that actually matters.