There's no joy without pain, there's no sunshine without rain. You need up and down. This is how the world works. As a man, you must build yourself. And I agree that society puts huge pressure on men and it's time for men to perform. As a man, you need to perform what you don't. There's no safety net. Men who say I can't feel like it, cannot compete with the men who do not say that. And it is a player versus player. The men who goes to the gym every single day regardless of how we feel. So we'll always beat the man who goes to the gym and we'll feel like going to the gym. And it's player versus player. A good man controls himself. I have absolute self control. Emotional control is absolutely and utterly important as a man. You need to understand as a man there are certain principles under which you act, regardless of how you feel. I can wake up in a terrible mood. I can wake up sad. I can ache. I can have a busy day, stressed, etc. I will complete the same tasks as if I woke up in a fantastic mood. I'll do the same.  things because how I feel has no bearing on the things I'm going to do with my day because I have duty to myself. There is no light without dark. You will not appreciate your six pack unless you didn't have one and you had to earn it. That's how the world works. So when I talk to these dudes like, oh, but you know what I take, yeah, I agree, but you know it's hard. It's hard. Of course it is. It's supposed to be. And if you're not cut out for it, then fuck off and live in normal existence and die. Sit there, let another man enjoy it. The spoils of being a man and can die. That's what you want to do. Just sit there and exist. And then you fade into history. Unremembered. That's your decision. If you want to level up your character, then you need to get out here and do it. You need to be around brave men. You need to get some balls. You need to get your network together. You need to be paying attention. Listen to the truth. Humble yourself. Stuff sitting there with an ego. That's the game. But I made myself this way. I wasn't born this way. I absolutely made myself this way. And anything one of you men out here can do the same thing. I was always...  looking for, I wouldn't say happiness or contentment, but I was always looking to try and break out of the nine to five just the normal monotomy of day to day life. I think that men have a very unique life path and it's very difficult to try and achieve status as a man. It's not easy to stand out from the crowd and even what women expect of an important man, you need to be smart, charismatic, intelligent, strong, have a nice car, a nice apartment, good network, good friends, you need to be able to handle stress, you need to be competent, there's so many things you need to be able to do is difficult for a young man to even have all these things. You need to start leveling up your mentality, your spirituality, you need to level up your ability. Physicality. There's so many different ways you can level up like a video game character, right? Once you have all the unlimited money, you can then start ticking all the stack of sponsors. Knowledge. One guy is thinking, okay, well how do I run it, women are expecting you, so how do you respect yourself? That's the first thing, knows how to respect you, you don't respect yourself, do other men respect you? Like how do you act in the way that commands respect from anybody? I say...  look, if you focus on yourself and make yourself be who you are, I mean, I value mail, women will detect it and they won't be so difficult. You have to respect yourself first and how does a woman respect the man? When she sees it, he respects himself and other men respect. You need to understand that the world you live in as a man in my personal view, very purposefully constructed, constructed in a way to destroy your masculine power. And the future of the world, especially in the West, is a further encroachment on your sovereign ability, your sovereign thoughts, your base instincts, the things that make you happy. Absolutely nobody is concerned with mail happiness on any level. They don't want you to be happy, they want you to be miserable, a miserable slave and a tax bracket. And you have to understand this. And the only way you can calm back against it is to take significant action. You have to take significant action. You have to use the internet. It's the tool they're using, the internet, the tool they're using to brainwash the masses. You need to combat it and use their own tool against them to seek out.  the kind of information, knowledge, and friends that you need to have around you. You are going to be the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. So that, if everyone understands that, as an intelligent person, you're going to be extremely careful and you're going to create heavily the five people you hang around with. So you need to be aware of what's happening around you and you need to create, for yourself, a social network of people who understand that and are doing their best to combat that. That is the most basic imperative of the masculine frame, which has been destroyed in real time. They are trying to convince you that you should act how you feel. You should show more of your feelings. If you feel this way, you should show it. If you want to cry, cry. Look, I have no problem with guys crying. If I'm saying it's the reason they're trying to bring out a motionality in you, most of the time you don't feel like doing the things you're supposed to do. But the true masculine frame throughout history was doing the things they didn't want to do, but they knew they had to do because they had honor and duty. When you remove self-control from men, not only do you get a masculine.  weak men, but you will also get, it's very dangerous men. There are actually far less genuinely high value men than there are pretty girls. You're going to any club in any country in the world. I've been to 72 countries. You can go to any club in any country in the world and see pretty girls. If you're going to find a young, in-shaped, smart tall, intelligent, rich man, it's extremely difficult to find. And that man has options. He has more options than a beautiful girl. I'll tell you something. There has always been a large proportion of men in the world who made the choice to stay where they are. And life for them wasn't that bad. But as we reach the future and as time goes on, you're going to notice now that the people who don't chase having a masculine network, if they're not going to be excellent upon themselves, and they're not going to be plugged into a serious circle of achievers, their life's going to become terrible. You could just be a normal dude. And your life really wasn't that bad. But now we live in a situation where you just can't just be-  a normal dude being a normal dude is no longer an option. So as a man you have to be doing something to try and improve your status. There's also different ways to do it right? But if you're a man with truly no status and society now it's hard. Yeah. It's really hard. So you have to understand that as a man you got a geared your life in a certain way. One of the easiest ways to get status is who you know right? A lot of it's networking and you know the right people you can get some status that we sell them to them to some degree. Every single man on earth with enough work can become one. That's the power sign right? So there is there is hope in the tunnel but you go get up and do it. You know what I truly think a high value man is? Okay so a few things right? So there's the obvious evolution of truth. The easiest way to be a high value man is a man who's capable of violence. You look at it for the violence. It doesn't matter if he's got muscles or his day goes tall or whatever. Women understand from a biological perspective they like a man who can fight. Yeah. It doesn't matter if your man had money or Ferrari or everything but if you knew for a fat that any dude stepped to him you'd get sparked you wouldn't want it. Right? That's the first thing. We're suffering from cowardice. We took them all the problems in the world. It's easy to talk  about them all. Well you could narrow them all down to the exact same thing. Cowardists. Cowardists. And now it's killing cowardists. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. This is magic. They're cowardists. This is all of them. And you're not going to be able to imitate Vina G. You have to go out there and you have to suffer as a man. You've got to go through trauma to be a G as a man. Too many dudes out here are trying to imitate. That's what all this bitch talking about. Game. You're trying to be something you're not. The real game is to be the man. That's game as a man you need to go through trauma. You need to go through difficult periods. You need to go through things which are extremely uncomfortable to become any kind of man of value. Every single woman on this panel if you were to ask her to describe the kind of man she wants, she would describe a man who she thinks makes her feel safe, who is dominating, who is smart, who is charismatic, who is interesting, etc. You cannot be all of those things by accident. Any man who grows up with it very, very easy like who never goes through anything, who's born with a silver spoon in his mouth is exact kind of punk, excuse me, no one to touch, right? As a man, you need to suffer and you will survive.  and you need to eternalize it. And I'll become a weirdo, except that the traumas was gonna make you strong enough to become the kind of man that's respected by society. And you need to use it for your own advantage. Don't understand people who say they lack a motivation in life, because I'll make this extremely clear. If you're not pushing and striving for something, life is so mundane. I've always had this problem with literal crippling perpetual boredom. I was bored. I had no money. I'm carrying boxes of ice. I'm a smart guy. I'm not playing chess anymore, right? This is, I'm 34 now, so it's quite a few years ago. So before the internet, before Facebook was all big and nothing, what do you do with your life? What's there to do? I thought, I need to do something which drains me so that I can go to sleep at night without frustration. And if I kickbox, if I run three miles to the gym and then fight for three hours and run three miles home, at least I can sleep. I literally couldn't sleep. I wouldn't say it's ADHD, but I was just frustrated. And then on top of that, I've always had this huge frustration in regards to money, even though I was poor. I'd grow up around a bunch of other poor kids, and we'd be walking towards.  school or walk into college and a Ferrari would drive past. And they go, oh cool, Ferrari. And I'd say, doesn't that annoy you? And they're like, what do you mean? And I'd be like, he knows he's hacked the matrix. Don't you see, how does he have 400 grand for a car? He knows something we don't know. Why aren't you annoyed that there's people out there living a lifestyle that we can't ever aspire to? We're never gonna work and a job and pull this off. Doesn't this bother you? And they all be like, no. But me, I was always angry. I was always angry, not angry in a go to jail way, but just in a, I was angry. I was like, something isn't right, something doesn't add up. So I kickboxing was my answer. I just started kicking people's ass. And I felt a little bit better. That was kinda how it worked. At what point did you realize you were like, world class at this? So when I, my first day in the gym, I walk in, my coach, it was four Bosnian men. Men, I was child. It was four Bosnian men in this tiny little terrible gym. It was not like a commercial gym or a commercial class. And he said, can you fight? And I said, yeah, I've done karate for a few years, that I got knocked clean out my first day.  course. And I guess they expected me to never come back, but I kept coming back. And my coach said to me, look, after about a year, he said, look, I'm going to put you into a fight. And he took me down to a town called South End on C. And my first fight was in kickbox. And my first fight was actually MMA. And it must be a little bit over a year because I was 18. And I was fighting a 24 year old security dormant. And being in a stupid American, I thought pounds and kilos were the same. Because I weighed in like 82 pounds. He weighed in like 90. No, I weighed in 82 kilos. He weighed in 90 kilos, which is almost like 20 pounds. And I was like, to my coach, is that a big difference? He's like, no, no, no, no. That's okay. But he's not thinking back 20 pounds difference, a big difference in fighting, right? And I got in there and I want, I didn't win necessarily some skill, but I just kept going. And I just outgassed him and towards the end, I just don't talk to him, just punch him in the face, right? And I'm only 18 years old. So from there, my coach was like, okay, you got some potential. And I knit for a long time, it was, I believed it was my only way out because like, like once again, before the internet and stuff, I'm going to college, I finish college.  I don't believe in university because I'm too smart to get in debt for formal education. Too smart for that joke. So I finished college. I'm working these sales jobs. I'm always in the salesman. So I'm working sales jobs. I'm bringing in those 3000, 4000 a month, whatever. But I thought my only way to get rich rich is fighting. I couldn't think of another way to get rich. And I didn't fight only to get rich, but I'd saw a light at the end of the tunnel. So that's all I wanted to do was just fight, fight, fight. And so at one point, you go fight for the first world championship. So I fight for my first of a world championship on a two days notice. So I'm in Slovakia. There was a town. I'm going to tell everyone now in this podcast. I'm going to give the seeker away. If you go, if you're bored right now, if you're watching this on the internet, load up Google Maps, right? And there's a town called Koshitsa, K-O-S-I-C-E. And it's on the opposite end of Slovakia to Bratislava. So Bratislava is the capital. And you have Koshitsa on the other side. It's four to half hours drive from Bratislava. It's about four hours drive from Warsaw and about four hours drive from Budapest, and middle of nowhere. But all the villages and all the towns I want around this little town. Every...  a pretty hot girl with about 400 square kilometers that didn't this down. Because there was nowhere else to go, right? And they were all there. And when I was going there, this is a pre-eud. They didn't have the euro. And me and Tristan used to go there on holiday because we would clean up. And when I say clean up, it's just in your brother. And when I say clean up, I don't mean clean up like you clean up on holiday with some in Mexico. I mean, clean up with tens, like supermodels. It was unbelievable. And a beer is like 30 cents. And with the only man there who speaks English. So I was in Koshite's day and then I got a phone call from a mere saying of a world title fighting two days. It's a turning drunk. I'm here. I'm here as I cover, sorry. I was bosking in Muslim and fought in the West. So I fought in the West. I was shot six times in the night. That's cool, right? So we still have the fight. And I must have been crazy. I was like, OK, I can't explain. And I want to say this in the way where it's truly understood. When I say I didn't give a shit, I live to die, I don't mean that in a sad suicidal way. I mean that in a empowered charge, you got the gunfire.  Back then, I didn't think I had anything that really made me really give a shit about Lizzy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, dude to do, sad way. Just in a, let's go out, I'm gonna blaze the glory then. I'm not rich, I don't have nothing. I'm this gang and girl, Slyhulah, who is this guy? So it was against the French World Champion, Jean-Luc Benoit was the same. And the opponent pulled out and they needed a guy on two days notice. And I had to lose six kilos, which is around 13 or 14 pounds in two days. So that's easier, that's hard bro. 13 pounds in two days, a lot of weight. So I just started stopped eating, stopped drinking, sticking saunas, spitting all the war, just dying. Finally, me wait, went to France, fought in 12 rounds, my first ever 12 rounds fight, so I fought him. And they gave the decision to him, but I'll try, I'll beat him. And I'll beat him! I'll beat him! I didn't knock him out, but I'll beat him! And I think is this one of the four world championships, or this is the nothing? No, no, no, yeah, well, it should be, yeah. But the tape was so convincing, the tape was actually...  the ISKA, the fight in organization, and they command it, command in rematch. That's the new one. Right? But he's France, he's French, he's in France, and fighting has a lot of politics to it. You have to understand, I mean, UFC's UFC, the real big ones, but outside of the smaller ones, it makes more sense for the French promotion of a French champion. They'll sell a lot more tickets and a lot more pay-per-views for the French champion. He basically knock them out or is going to do this. It's kind of like that, right? So they commanded a rematch, I rematched him seven months later, I knocked him out in the air, and I became roach-ing. Okay. Why keep going once you've won? It's always a new mountain to climb. I mean, that's kind of, that's a good question, because that's also kind of the reason I quit, because it was like, why keep going, it was always someone knew to fight, and I'm still not financially where I want to be. And I don't know what else I want to do with my life, so I'll keep going, right? So I thought, can I be another Frenchman, and then I thought, can I be two Dutch guys to become a four-time world champion? But one day I woke up and I was like, it's becoming five-time world champion, going to increase my...  I mean, I've already got 25 belts. How much money do they pay for these fights? About $3,000, $2,000. There's nothing you need to work on the side. You're giving up all your free time to get punched in the face. Like, it's a terrible decision. I don't know why I decided to do it. But eventually, once I was World Champion, I'd get like 100 grand fight. But I'd get 20% to my manager. Then the UK with the UK tax is 40, 50% to disappear. And sometimes in the EU only fight twice a year, whatever else certainly not rich. I didn't consider my career like 30 to 40%. Yeah. And I didn't consider myself rich like 30, 40 grand jumps, but twice a year, maybe three times a year, living in London, London, rents, in the car, trying to know like you're not rich. And anyway, and that's actually the reason I retired because I woke up one day. And I thought I'm giving six hours a day of absolute focus and energy with this. And I believe I'm smart enough that if I put that much to massity into something else, I can be a multi-millionaire. I truly believe that. I was like, I've realized now I've reached the...  pinnacle of kickboxing, my choice is either to change over to MMA, which I was offered to do earlier in my career But at the time the kickboxing contract paid more money, I had to pay to do also want people to Change over to MMA, learn to wrestle, change over to USC, blah blah But this is also like seven eight years ago where even the USC didn't pay the money it pays now But the UST still has to pay that much money from where I understand now if you're like top five or champion Yeah, but most of the dudes are gonna see there in the prelims. They're getting 10 grandified nine grandifies Not as soon as nothing right so it'd be like starting my career all over again and at the age of 28 I thought I don't have the gum shit to start and I've done I've been through hell for this I've broken my handpeak times my ribs have broken You know, I don't want to do this all over again So so what do you do when you realize that hey, maybe I don't want to keep fighting? I really I decide to get rich rich Why is that mean to we use that when you're sitting there? You're getting you know $30 $40,000 on a perfect basis is rich to you like hey, I want a hundred thousand dollars Really bucks $20 million a billion dollars. I want I want 30 or 40  30 or 40,000 every month, but happening with senior gifts. Okay. Why add that much money I can do whatever? Okay. That's what I decided. So step one, that you do. So step one is maybe that's how we ended up here together. My friend step one is I tried to decide it to be very logical about it just play it right? So it's like I want money. What is moving? It was dangerous men on her other week, man. I think inside of every single man we're born with a fire inside of us that we do not control can destroy ourselves and other people. And if you look at men who have no emotional control that's what they're trying to teach us to have. The same listen. You're a man. You're allowed to just cry all the time and have no emotional control, no stoicism, just be complete. React to your emotions. You know what happens when you tell men to just react to their emotions? Anger. You have school shootings, you have rape, you have violence. That's what happens when you tell men to have no emotional control. These school shooters are kids with no emotional control. Rapists are men with no emotional control. Violence in the bulls**t you see in the street are men with no emotional control. Telling men to not be stowing is going to create a breed of violent...  Young men who have no emotional control, peck control their emotions and act out on them. That is absolutely not gonna be more dangerous to society than me coming along saying, listen, I don't give a fuck how you feel young. Doesn't matter how you feel. You do ease in your responsibilities. This is not all, you must comply and act a certain way regardless of how you feel. That is better for society as a whole, especially as I'm only teaching the tenets of listen, go to the gym anymore. Doesn't matter, don't feel like it, go anyway. Listen, you're going for it left you, your heart's broken, you're not out of the solver. She doesn't want you to get the fuck over it. But what I'm saying is good for the world. They're saying, no, act out your emotions, cool your crates, stalkers, rapists, and school shooters. These people are fucking dangerous. If you're not a competitive male, you're going to be perma depressed. You don't have a mental disease. You're just in a competitive environment and you are losing. You need to become a competitive person. There's no easy way. It's gonna be hard, it's gonna suck. But if you get to talk, G, the name, if you get there, it's a life worth living. That's what I'm saying. And then millions of young men are going, wow, he's showing that you can be.  born from nothing, single parent on a fucking council estate in the worst town in England, be stabbed, come from nothing, and survive and end up with a multi-millionaire. I mean, maybe I can do it if I work hard and I'm diligent and I try hard and I'm really giving hope to the world. And then they delete me, then they put up a new thing about mental health, say which film they should take, and then they put James Charles of Hermony algorithm. This shit's evil. It's genuinely criminal. I have nothing about positive force for the world. And this is what I was talking earlier about the heroes aren't, and the art and the redemption, because I think that inside of human consciousness, people are very, very familiar with the idea of the arc of a villain turning into a hero. It's in the Bible. It's in every superhero movie. The guy starts off bad. He's crazy. He's too bad. We don't want him. He's a mad brick. He can't control him. Bob, Bob, up towards the end. You're like, where's that man? Where's that man at? And it's going to take the matter of time before people realize, you know what? Take was actually a good force for the youth. Perhaps he's great with message. Perhaps he's  to take his newfound fame on board and change the way he says certain things. Agree, I'm not infallible, it wasn't individual. But to sit here and say I'm dangerous and I'm not supposed to be deleted is disservice to all the men of the world. And then there's going to start pretty hard, who's talking about mental health. They don't give a fuck about men. They don't give a shit about the 18 year old boy out there, a cat, a girlfriend, a genuinely young, and the fucking sports star is fucking them all. I'm telling him what he has to do. We say listen bro, of course sports star is fucking them all. He's a cheat. You hate shit. If you were a cheat, would you choose you? Because I fucking wouldn't. So whose fault is that? The best thing about being a man, the best thing about being a man is you get to build your character from the ground up. You're not born with any value. Your born is a blank slate. I decided I wanted to be a big token kickboxing boogat, you driving fucking bad, but I did it all myself. You get to choosing what to be a musician, I'd be sensitive and play guitar and get them out and be important that way. You get to choosing what to go get in the cage, you kick the fuck out of somebody, you get to be choose to be anything you want. But you have to go and do it. It's going to be difficult because it's competitive. But that's the beauty of being a man, the blank slate. And I inspire a man to look at them.  is a blank slate and go, you know what? I ain't shit now, but I can become anything I want. How could I possibly give up on myself? You are so lucky. You have all the building blocks to become the exact kind of man you wanna be. If none of this shit happened to you, when something else bad happens to you later, you wouldn't be able to deal with it. Fantastic. And he goes, no, but you know this, this, you're fighting him with more excuse to say, why are you making this excuse? I just told you what happened to you is a good thing. You need to reframe your mind. Bad things happen to Batman. They killed his parents. You understand that's why he's Batman. You've just told me you have the building blocks. You might become tall, gee, with our entire. Fantastic. What are you complaining about? It was what do I do? It's the need to work. Take all that trauma of your truly heartbroken, my friend. And we've all been there as men. If you're truly heartbroken, you can't sleep. That means you're gonna get in fantastic. You better hit the gym. You have nothing else to do. But stop watching YouTube. Stop emailing me. I want pictures of you in the gym. Get the fucking work. Or it breaks a fantastic motivate or as is depression.  has his sadness. Great. Look at what's pissing you off and make sure it never happens again. If you were jacked and rich as fucks, you probably wouldn't have left your ass. So get your shit together. Right? So this is so important. Trauma is such an important part of being a man. And the matrix talks of trying to say that trauma is terrible and avoid trauma or if you get trauma, take a pill and that's unrealistic. Trauma is going to happen to you. And you as a man need to internalize it, accept it and weaponize it and become the best version of yourself you can be. And that requires mental strength and stoicism. It does not require be more emotional. Do you remember what you were going to follow apart when shit happens? I learned this. My father was a chestnut right? And he, I used to travel around America with him and he'd play chess. And back then there was a lot of former KGB guys who played chess in these massive tournaments. And when they spoke, they were very subversive. He'd introduce you to his girlfriend and GV is white and then got a girlfriend, she's his wife and then his friend is his daughter and then they just say things that aren't really true. Another  they do is they're very, very emotional with their hands, which is a habit that I kind of learned sometimes. So if they were sitting there in an an argument called kind of heated, they begin to move their hands along. I see this is a great listen to me listen and then I do that and then move their hands because then you can't see anything. So they start to move their hands and you get used to it and then why? Right? So there's a few things I picked up from them but there's a degree of subversion. So if I sit and say I have five wives or ten wives or one wife or no wife, I like that the matrix doesn't completely understand why I have that's that's one of the main reasons I do it. The second thing is this I sat there with a reporter from the telegraph who said that why would you have five wives if you cheat on them they're unhappy and I said my friend who are you to tell women how they feel and what decisions they want to make? How insulting of you, how how show the mystic are you to sit and say that women do not have the independent thought to decide I am prepared to share the top G because of his qualities and accolades and find  financial capability. As opposed to you to sit here and say, they're not allowed to think that. They have to think what we believe they should think, what the matrix tells them they should think. There are plenty of beautiful women out there who will say, you know what, a man like him, he might do this and that on the side, but you know what? People will constantly tell you to not talk in a way, which is full of conviction. And people do not like you to have the arrogant, have the evil. This is the worst thing ever. Let me tell you the fact, number one, fast said, the G mindset. Your life is never going to be worse. If you walk through the world believing you are the fucking lead. You wake up and look in the mirror and go, I'm the fucking man. I am the man. There's no one on this planet who can do shit. I couldn't do if I put my mind to it. I don't give a fuck how good you are a piano. If I decide to play piano, I would be better than you a piano. And I believe that. I don't just say this, he's the fucking believe though. When you go through life believing, you really, really are the man. There are very few downsides. Downside, I have a son, call you an arrogant. Have a son, call you an arrogant. I just have a son, call you a dickhead. I just have to see.  a big ego. They're gonna lose a few user-faints. Who cares? Well you are gonna gain this other people on the same path. There may be other people, there may be other people, there may be another one, there's fucking man through this guy's man with me some money. That's what's gonna happen. So the first thing you do in Eugene Mindsays, you need to stop bullying him. You are at the same time. Even if you're not the man yet, even before I was World Champion, I knew I was gonna be the man. So I don't give a fuck. And I was happy to say that to anybody. When people called me air it, stoop it and dilute it, I'd just sit there and look at them and say, I fuck you. I'm gonna be the person you just believe you're the fucking man you can achieve anything. And when I say that, I don't want, I'm gonna say that again. You have to believe you're the fucking man and you have to believe you can achieve anything. I'm not saying you can achieve anything easily. I'm not saying it's not gonna take a whole bunch of work. I'm not saying it's gonna have to be quickly. You have to believe you can achieve anything. Take something now. I don't look fuck up to me and ask for I don't care about finding out. Ever is you give me enough time to train. I will get it done. I know that for a fact because I'm looking at my am as a man. It's the first thing. The second thing  is, you need to be personicacious. You need to understand that in this world there's a whole bunch of people doing amazing shit that you are not doing and that needs to piss you off because that pisses you off, you become motivated by what you saw. I was the only one who was pissed off when that last night Martin was next to him had my sales job. I was the only one who was pissed off when I saw that Ferrari drive accident. Other people were not annoyed by him, they were not annoyed by him, they were not driven to beat him. I understand they're not driven to beat where that person was. You need to be annoyed and I'm telling you to be angry. Anger is a fantastic force. Like I said the world tells you not to be arrogant, because you're not to be angry. It's two things it tells you to do. Don't be arrogant, don't have any vote and you know you don't have anger. You're a fucking man, you're a full grown man. It's perfectly fine to be pissed off. It's perfectly fine to look around at your life, look at the girl you're fucking, look at the house you live in, look at the car you drive and get pissed off. Although you know what, I want a hopper bitch, I want a fucking nicer house and I want faster car. There's nothing wrong if you take that anger and you direct it in the corrective collection. This is the reason.  and I stopped fighting it. People were like, why do you stop fighting it? It's because I fought and I went through hell to get everything I now have. I had nothing in my thing. I had nothing. And I wanted the life I now have. Now I wake up in one of my three mansions with the number of seven Superb, the number of 15 women. What do I need to fight for? People have different motivations and different things for some fighters out there in the fact that there are reasons for you. My motivation was I was pissed off at the role. And now I'm not as angry as I used to be. So I don't believe I'm as good as fight for it. I also whoops max. I'm not as good as a rooster. So that's what's absolutely entirely. But this is the second thing. First thing, we do the math. Second thing, you need to get angry by the situation. And you don't own your own urine, get pissed off. You're very afraid of your own drive, get pissed off. If you don't have 10 playboy running other beauties, get pissed off. And then what the fuck's gonna do? You need to sit there and realize, well, well, well, well, well, well, I have a few years of consciousness. And even less than that, I have a few short years as a young man. Because age will damn you. I mean, you're a...  millionaire in your 60s, not nearly as good as being a millionaire at my age. I became a millionaire until the age. So you need to realize you got a few short years of young man, you're fucking waste in them. You need to sit there and go fuck, shit, get angry, just getting angry, forced, directed angry is extremely powerful. It's the first two things. Only person who gives this shit about your life truly is you. And if you don't give a shit then you're fucked. But point two, get angry, you're gonna start giving a shit very soon. After you get angry you need to realize that nobody is gonna give you the things you want. It doesn't matter at Donald Trump it's president of the line. You're strong friend, it doesn't make a difference. No politician is gonna make you rich. No one else is gonna come along and say, I'm gonna concentrate my effort on fixing your life. No one. You have to understand you are out here alone, absolutely. When you understand these three things just start to see how our minds act together. Nobody's gonna say you fucked. It's totally happening. Pist off of the  you want to change it. Plus you believe you can do absolutely. This is how I thought I 18 and said because at a very young age or I had my prime resource of energy and power 18, 19, years old, I understood those three tenets. I believe I can do anything. I'm pissed off and I don't have the life level. And nobody else is going to give it to you. These are three things you need to understand. If any one of these elements is missing, you'll never have the right mind to say. The G-Minds that will never formulate any one of these elements is missing. All three are absent in the ascension. And as soon as you give your act, then as soon as you start to panic and worry and be concerned, like 24 or 25, you're not fucking rich yet. There's 24 and 25 euros out there who got a contract for fucking NBA. You're the parents and they're on the law and who knows well. There's 24 and 25 euros out there. You're a multi-millionaire fucking heart models. Use Instagram girls with three million followers. They're getting dicked by someone and it ain't you. And that needs to piss you off.  you off, you need to get concerned, you get worried, you shit, I'm running out of time. You need to get some urgency in your life. Put these three things together as absolute essentials, the beginning of the G-Mine XM. When you have these strings, three things told them and gone, I'll tell you what happens. It's no happened for me. So I became a saueron. So my brother said, you become a saueron. What that means is I made a pact to him that my cord was on record. Strengthened along. And I said something, I meant it. So if I woke up to my brother, it's I'm doing a thousand press shots, I'm running 20 miles. I would do it because if I didn't do it, I feel like a dickhead. Because when you instill these mindsets, when your mindset changes, you start to be extremely accountable for yourself. When someone's come up to save you, they're extremely accountable. So when you realize that, you're a word to him, the few things you have on this planet, if you say things, you're going to start sticking to them. So then it becomes very easy to train. So I'm going to train every day this week, I'll take two hours there. As soon as you set it, it's basically done. If I say something, basically done, it's it's setting stone. If I say something,  I'm going to do it. There's no way I'm going to say, I'm going to make say some words and speak them into existence on this planet. And then I'm going to be the kind of pussy who quits because it's too hard. The lifestyle I'm going to do 10,000 push ups, I'm going to do it. Because I'm the kind of person who sticks to the words he says. And this is another thing you don't understand what you would say. You can very, very specifically what you say. Because if you can still your mindset correctly and you start to just say things, just start saying things. Then you hold yourself accountable. Say things you don't even think you want to do. Wake up and block your friend and your mom or whoever and say, you know what? I'm going to do a thousand push ups. Say it to people. They know your mark. So watch them. And then you have choice. You're either going to succeed like a G or you're going to be a little pussy. You're going to quit. 300 and 10. Let's just start. What kind of man are you? That's the decision you need to be. You're going to be the kind of man I was. I'd say shit and I fucking stick to him. My brother, so you become a saver. I used to train my brother. You'd say let's do 500. So let's do 2000. You'd say you said it now so we have to do it. It was like exactly. I said it now. So now.  Now we have to do it. There is no surrender. We have to do it. There's another back set of the G-Mine sets on the fruit. You gotta start saying shit, and your word has to be binary. Unbreakable. As a feeling depressed is real. But the idea that depression is gonna strike you in your mind, and there's nothing you can do about it, I think that is promoting helplessness amongst depressed people on last season they go to. I don't think that making people helpless in an unfortunate situation is to great continue. You have to give people hope. And I explain that when you believe in something you give it power. So I tried to say that when I felt at my lowest and I achieved the most that ever achieved in my life, the reason I was capable of doing that is because I didn't believe in the paradigm being a depressed person. I just believed that this is how I can feel and thought, I'm gonna do whatever it takes to get my life better. And I gave a very simple example analogy. I said, if you take two people, one believes in ghosts and one doesn't, you put them both in haunted houses. And the middle of the night there's a bag. A person who believes in...  Ghosts is now terrified. There's a ghost we're calling an exorcist or panicking in the room, they're hiding. Or as it goes, it doesn't even go, it's ghost, it goes, it goes back to the city. It's the same noise, it's the same snoring. But it's the belief in their mind that terrified ruins their life. It's the belief in their mind that turns against them. And I've said this many times, I don't even give a shit about right and wrong. You can tell me depression, you can give it, couldn't do it. Every scientific group in the world, depression, but I refuse to believe in things that take my power away. I'm only going to construct a mental model that allows me to be as powerful as possible. In believing in the idea of depression, it's going to take my own power away, but I won't believe in it. I don't believe in things that make me weak. I believe in things that make me strong as someone goes, all you're wrong. Listen, let's assume, let's assume you're correct. And that makes me wrong. Let's say that you're right and you're depressed. Why would I want to adopt the thinking of a man who's sad? Why would I want to think like you? Would it be...  to be wrong and be happy and have a sports car and a yacht and a private jet. You want to talk about right? Look at your life. You don't talk about right and wrong. What's going on? Success and results. I don't believe in things that take power. I never have. So when people email me and they still say I'm depressed with the rest of the rest. And what's funny is this, I talk to them and they desperately defend the idea of depression. Unlike my friend, you just told me you're too depressed to be successful and depression is to destroy your life and you lost your girl. I'm telling you that enemy. The enemy in your life isn't real and you're now sending me 10 emails a week trying to convince me that your enemy is a real thing. Why are you sticking up for your person, whatever it is, this idea of destroying you and you're putting your energy into defending it? You should be on my team. Who's team or you on here? You want to see your and convince me. I'm never going to believe you. I'm never going to adopt your thinking because your life is about successful enough to emulate. So why don't you try to adopt my way of thinking stop defending?  this and they're defending it because it's a cure all excuse. Depression or sadness is a cure all of scuse for men to use for failure. I have failed. This one they say I don't believe in mental health or the man the man who's depressed can't compete with the man who's not impressed. This quote I say listen you get to roll out be fat be out of shape be broke be unimportant with no girlfriend and instead of the world thinking you're a loser you get sound I'm a loser I'm depressed it's a shield and I say that's why you don't want to lose your shield because now you have accountability now you have performance to call out fuck it off I don't give a shit if it's real or not we're all about that we're talking about success here you rid of your excuses don't think anything that's ruined your life you get to fucking work and every time anyone has ever listened to me in history ever every single one of them's transformed their lives and message me positive message exactly every single fucking time that's why I'm a man to you because that pill ain't gonna fix you the way becoming the man you wish you were is gonna fix you less than one  Speed. Now I tell this to everybody all the time and nobody understands what I try to say. I'm going to try and articulate it. Speed is extremely important in business. Everything that needs to be done must be done fast. That doesn't mean it has to be done cheap. It means it has to be done quickly. People seem to conflate too. That if you do something quickly, it must be terrible. That's not the case. When you're a professional fighter, you learn to punch. Your instructor says faster, faster, faster, you learn to punch faster. You don't degrade your punch. You don't start punching like an idiot. You keep the same quality of punch, but you do it quicker. Now nobody in the world, the modern world especially, especially if you're dealing with creative people, any kind of need to be done. They don't understand speed. Numbers people kind of understand speed. Create people don't understand speed. And this is there. They have a strength in a week to start with. Create people have something I don't have to recreate if they can see things I can't see, but it takes time. I'm the complete officer. I want everything done straight away now. But speed is super important.  for a business, I'm gonna tell you why. So whatever you're thinking of doing, whatever the business you're thinking of running, you need to do things quickly. In an airplane, and one of those planes work, is fly it through the sky. Even if its engines fail, it will continue to fly. If the engines fail, it will not fall out of the sky instantly crashing around, it will continue to fly to the fly, because it has forward momentum. It's going forward, and that means the wings are creating lift, air is going underneath the plane. As long as the plane goes forward, it will not fall and fade. And a business is exactly the same. The key with business is to make sure you're always moving forward, always producing content, and always doing everything you can, as quickly as possible, while maintaining the quality. Do not conflate quality with speed. You can do the same. If you have an idea right now, and you have someone you're working with, let's say you're in your website. Tell the company, you're just gonna take two weeks. No, it's not gonna take two weeks, you can take three days for our fun.  You can't do it in three days, I'll find some again. You can build a good website in three days. People have unrealistic, stupid time rates. Everyone thinks things take forever. Things don't take forever. Things can be done quickly. I know, because I've done it. I push people or done it myself and see what's going to be done. You know what I could do in two weeks? Me as a man who knows nothing about web content. In two weeks, I could learn web design and build web site. And I know nothing. So how the fuck can you, the guy who knows web sites, take two weeks to build a fucking web site? He's garbage. Everyone is slow. And being slow is deadly to a company with two reasons. What? The faster you can get things online, faster you start making money. Now, if you make money today, as you work in a rush, let's say you quickly push and you get online today and you make money. That's one universe. And another universe where it takes a week and you get online. That week of making money is gone. That money is lost. The longer it takes to get something online, the less money you're going to make as a whole.  If I start a company today to the end of my life, start a company next month, the end of my life. Though what I start today has been running longer, it's gonna generate more money. The quicker things are done, the quicker money is made. It's as simple as that. That's starting a company. Even if a company is already online, speed is super important once again. I'll give you an example. Let's say, I don't know. Producing an advert. The faster you're producing an advert, the faster it's out, the faster you get results. If you do it quick enough, you might go to produce two adverts in the time that other people take to produce one. Now you have double the advertising that other people have. Speed, you have to attack, you have to move quickly. When I talk to people, people say to me all the time, I have a business idea. Sorry. A week later, I'll say, how's your business? Well, what business? You have an idea, and it's been a week. Where's your fucking company? Where's your business? It's been a week, you ain't done shit. People are lazy, people are slow, people are complacent. Including you, everything must happen instantly. Quickly, not speed, I tell you.  I cannot emphasize this enough. Lesson one, speed is important. Nothing can be slow. I'll tell you another quick story about this lesson. I went to a white man's job. They said, I need a degree. I said, I don't need a degree. Why didn't you go to university? Six, I ain't got four years to waste in school. I'd rather get four years' experience out here working jobs. I'd rather have real experience and money in my pocket. Learn the hard way to go to some schools to sit around and drink you alcohol and do drugs. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'll work for free for one week. You don't think I'm good young anymore. I'll work for free for a week in the gaming program. So there you go. That proves how pointless you need. I got the job of all the graduates because I was prepared to be one week's free work. What's better to do one week's free work than four years' free work while paying money to go waste of time. So I got this job at TriStar. I'm there. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. So I got this job at TriStar. I'm there. I break the company sales record in the first month. Because I was...  on the phone. Hard work. It's calling, calling, calling. I would call everyone. I've won the office the last year that we were a real small business. I would call the companies and follow those. Like the huge companies that we never stood a chance of getting to deal with. I'd call everyone to nations. For I've worked a company record in the first month I landed three, four key granddudes, 120 grand pro, 10% for 12. 12 grand for me. I was 20. 12 grand. I didn't have never either kind of money in my fucking life. I couldn't believe it. Turns out top salesman here besides me. Best salesman here is what I call Dan. He wants to start his own TV company. So I don't even there a month. Now I'm having lunch with Dan, the number two in the company. And he's saying I'm going to start my own TV company. I'm going to make you pay. So I only work for this company a month and a half for a quit and start my own TV company. I'm 20. I own 50% of the TV advertising games. Steve, if you are moving fast you cannot fail.  No, speed wins. Get the money in. Get a deal. Produce the output. Get it out. Get someone else in. Get money now. Speed. No, we can't wait. When's the meeting? Oh, next Wednesday. No, it's not next Wednesday. It's tomorrow. Tell them we'll go there tomorrow. They can only travel to West Next Wednesday. We'll go to them tomorrow. We have to close the deal now. Money, money, money, money, money. Now, speed. I cannot empathize this enough because it is my entire business philosophy. I have to give you one important point. This is the reason it's the first point. Me, and everybody is slow. And if you start to work like me, you'll realize everyone's slow. That's OK. But things must happen quickly. It's extremely important. I can never be depressed if I never slow down. Speed is extremely important. Speed defies gravity. How does a plane fly through the air and defy gravity? Speed. It's moving too fast to fall. If you're always attacking life, if you're always doing things, you're always making more money. If you're always traveling the world doing this, doing that new car here, there, new podcast, me and Jane.  English boom boom boom you know if you're always doing things all the time unhappiness can't catch you but I also know that speed is a is a fantastic way to be happy all the time I'm always I'm always looking forward to something I wake up every day excited I'll go do this today I'm gonna do this today go to this today and I very much live my life in a frame of not I have to do this it's very much I get to do this there's another thing that a lot of people make a mistake with my talk I'm like oh I have to go to work today change your language I get to go to work today imagine you had no job it works right otherwise you would be working so you get to go to work oh I have to fix the car at least you have a car get to fix your car most people don't want to go get the kids you get to go get the kids because you have these beautiful children who love you you understand people's even their own language is wrong the world is gonna be framed maybe I'm completely crazy maybe I'm full of shit you said maybe I am but the frames I've installed in my mind are all but  officials. So that makes me crazy and full of shit good because I can't become depressed so you can sit there and tell me I'm full of shit while you're depressed and I'm happy and I would never want to adopt the thinking of a depressed person. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Oh that's a scam. Or I don't work hard, I work smart. Ballots, more cover. Anything it takes to say, I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works more? No, I don't. I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. Yeah. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmoh is going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beating them because I have some god-given gift. Yeah, you understand.  You have to do the hard work first if there's no hard work. There's no smart work So someone's gonna sit down go I work smart. I don't work hard So I only have to work an hour a day if working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day Then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done I am absolutely an early a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work I have all this money and all I do is work my entire life is work this podcast work I'm getting the car with another meeting work on another gym. So I'm in good shape work It's all work my entire life is work And people don't want to look at life that way they want to talk about work Life balance and being lazy and all this crap I don't believe in me that I believe in if you want to win you have to out compete the man who's prepared to do nothing But work his player versus player if you're gonna sit there and go I don't want to work more than an hour a day Well the guy who does want to work more than our day is gonna be you and about how smart you are There's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it That's just a nature of the game. He's the way that humans work and the way that we are  We've evolved this species is that we don't really learn lessons unless to learn the hard way. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not going to learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, doesn't slow his ass down to be rexing. This is how people are, right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything, it's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ, blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just spunk it, act an idiot, and all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, it's a dope and don't be done with it. So you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things you need to have.  to a degree, some trauma, to really even learn any lessons. So, yeah, this is studies, you're right, the book, that's not gonna teach you to think about business. You need to get out there on the streets, you need to make mistakes, you need to suffer, you need to have the tax man knocking at your door, you gotta deal with all that stuff, so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. And life really doesn't have to be that complicated. When you see somebody that has something you want, you just gotta try and work out how they got it. And that's the missing part. Most people see people with things they want, and they don't do the second half. They don't try to work out how they got that thing. Oh my man, it's Ferrari, okay. I wish I had a Ferrari, okay. They don't sit there, go for an hour, how did you get a Ferrari? It doesn't cross that part, it's the part they don't want to do, right? They just go, oh he's a Ferrari, wish I had a Ferrari, and they go back to TV. That's what they do. It's player versus player out here, man. It's not the street, it's not easy for every dollar you make, for every pound you take, you took it from someone else, you don't make money, you take money. You don't understand the way that money works. You're not the Federal Reserve, you can't create money from the air. Every single pound in your bank.  is money you took from someone else. And when I say take, I don't mean in a negative way. You might have convinced them to give it to you. You might have a coffee shop. I'll give you a nice coffee. You'll give me some money. Cool, but you still took his money, right? So if you're out here trying to take stuff from other people, don't you wanna have a team? You wanna do it by yourself? You want me Rambo? Did you get two of you doing it? You can two of you, that's right. So the whole idea of this lone soldier, this Rambo, I'll do it all by myself. That's all dead, bro. You need to have a team as player versus player. And for the same reason, if you were out here on the street and you wanted to defend yourself, you wanted to poison around you, it's the same thing we try to get rich. That you're laughing with your boys. The broken days are great. And I'm not complaining about being rich. All this I worked hard for this and this fantastic fight by living now. But I think without those broken days, without those original days to compare it to without that juxtaposition, that I don't think being rich would be fun at all. I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you weren't rich. That's the only thing that makes it fun. The only thing that makes about $10,000 stake fun is that you can laugh, saying how you never had to hang around your bank to your 20s.  27 years old. Yeah. Otherwise, it's boring. Otherwise, you're okay. It's taken. And I think if you're born with too much money, that you'll never treat me happy. I think you need the broken things and the best things. Yeah. Up and down is how the world works. As a man, you must build yourself. And I agree that society puts huge pressure on men and it's time for men to perform. As a man, you need to perform when you don't. There's no safety net. Men who say I can't feel like there. Cannot compete with the men who do not say that. And it's a player versus player. The men who goes to the gym every single day regardless of how these fields will always be the man who goes to the gym and feels like going to the gym. And it's a player versus player. A good man controls himself. I have absolutely self control. Emotional control is absolutely and utterly important as a man. You need to understand as a man, there are certain principles under which you act with the purpose of how you feel. I can wake up in a terrible mood. I can wake up sad. I can ache.  I can have a busy day, stressed, et cetera. I will complete the same tasks as if I woke up in a fantastic mood. I'll do the same thing because how I feel has no bearing on the things I'm gonna do with my day because I have to do teach to myself. There is no light without dark. You will not appreciate your six-path unless you didn't have one and you had to earn it. That's how the world works. So when I talk to these dudes like, oh, but you know what, yeah, I agree, but you know it's hard, it's hard. Of course it is, it's supposed to be. And if you're not cut out for it, then fuck off and live in normal existence and die. Sit there, let another man enjoy the spoils of being a man and can die. That's what you wanna do, which is sit there and exist. And then you fade into history, unremembered. That's your decision. If you wanna level up your character, then you need to get out here and do it. You need to be around brave men. You need to get some balls. You need to get your network together. You need to be paying attention. Listen to the truth. Humble yourself. Stuck sitting there with an ego. That's the game.  But I made myself this way. I was important this way. I absolutely not really made myself this way and Anything on one of you men out here can do the same thing. I was always looking for I wouldn't say happiness or Contentment but I was always looking to try and break out of the 9 to 5 just the normal monotomy of day-to-day life. I think that men Have a very unique life path and it's very difficult to try and achieve Status as a man. It's not easy to stand out from the crowd and even what women expect of an important man You need to be smart charismatic intelligence strong have a nice car nice apartment good network good friends You need to be able to handle stress need to be competent You know there's so many things you need to be able to do is difficult for a young man to even have all these things You need to start leveling up your mentality your spirituality. You need to level up your ability physicality There's so many different ways you can level up like a video game character right once you have all the unlimited money You can then start ticking all the stack Knowledge one guy's taking okay. We'll have a  I make women respect me. So how do you respect yourself? That's the first thing. Know what's in respect. You don't respect yourself. Do other men respect you? How do you act in a way that commands respect from anybody? I say, look, if you focus on yourself and make yourself be whom you are, me, I value male, women will detect it, and they won't be so difficult for you. You have to respect yourself first, and how does a woman respect the man? When she sees it, he respects himself, and other men respect. You need to understand that the world you live in as a man in my personal view, you're very purposely constructed. You're constructed in a way to destroy your masculine power. And the future of the world, especially in the West, is a further encroachment on your sovereign ability, your sovereign thoughts, your base instincts, the things that make you happy. Absolutely nobody is concerned with male happiness on any level. They don't want you to be happy. They want you to be miserable. A miserable slave in a tax bracket. And you have to understand this. And the only way you can calm back against it is to take significant action, you have to take significant action. You have...  to use the internet, it's the tool they're using, the internet is the tool they're using to brainwash the masses, you need to combat it and use their own tool against them to seek out the kind of information, knowledge and friends that you need to have around you. You are going to be the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. So that if everyone understands that, as an intelligent person you're going to be extremely careful and you're going to create heavily the five people you hang around you. So you need to be aware of what's happening around you and you need to create for yourself a social network of people who understand that and are doing their best to combat that. That is the most basic imperative of the masculine frame which has been destroyed in real time. They are trying to convince you that you should act how you feel. You should show more of your feelings. If you feel this way, you should show it. If you want to cry, cry. Look, I have no problem with guys cry. What I'm saying is the reason they're trying to bring out a motionality in you is most of the time you don't feel like you and the things you're supposed to do. The true masculine frame throughout history was doing the thing  they didn't want to do, but they knew they had to do because they had honor and duty. When you remove self-control from men, not only do you get a masculine weak men, but you will also get, it's very dangerous men. There are actually far less genuinely high value men than there are pretty girls. You can go to any club in any country in the world. I've been to 72 countries. You can go to any club in any country in the world and see pretty girls. If you're going to find a young, in-shaped, smart, tall, intelligent, rich man, it's extremely difficult to find. And that man has options. He has more options than a beautiful girl. And I'll tell you something. There's always been a large proportion of men in the world who made the choice to stay where they are. And life for them wasn't that bad. But as we reach the future and as time goes on, you're going to know this now, the people who don't chase having a master network, you're not going to be excellent upon themselves and they're not going to be plugged into a serious circle of achievers. Their life's going to be...  You could just be a normal dude and your life really wasn't that bad But now we live in a situation where you just can't just be a normal dude and being a normal dude is no longer an option So as a man you have to be doing something to try and improve your status There's also different ways to do it, right? But if you're a man with truly no status as a sion out of heart, yeah, it's really hard So you have to understand that as a man you got a gear your life in a certain way For the easiest ways to get status is who you know right a lot of it's networking and you can know the right people You can get some status that means some of them to some degree every single man on earth with enough work I can become one. That's the counter sign right so there is there is hope in the end of the tunnel But you gotta get up and do it. You know what I truly think a high-value man is okay, so a few things right so there's there's the obvious evolution in the journey The easiest way to be a high-value man is a man who's capable of violence Look at it for violence. It doesn't matter. He's got muscles or his big his tall whatever women Understand from a biological perspective. They like a man who can fight you Yeah, it doesn't matter if your man had money a Ferrari every  But if you knew for a fat, if any dude stepped to him, he'd get sparked, you wouldn't want it, right? That's the first thing. It was suffering from cowardice. We took them all the problems in the world. It's easy to talk about them all. You could narrow them all down to the exact same thing. Cowardice. Cowardice. Masking and cowardice. All of it. All of it is mask and the cowardice. It's all of it is. You're not going to be able to imitate me to G. You have to go out there and you have to suffer as a man. You've got to go through trauma to be a G as a man. Too many dudes out here are trying to imitate. That's what all this is. You're talking about game. You're trying to be something you're not. The real game is to be the man. That's game. As a man, you need to go through trauma. You need to go through difficult periods. You need to go through things which are extremely uncomfortable to become any kind of man of value. Every single woman on this panel, if you were to ask her to describe the kind of man she wants, she would describe a man who she thinks makes her feel safe, who is dominating, who is smart, who is charismatic, who is interesting, etc. You cannot be all of those things by accident. Any man who grows up with a very, very easy life, who never goes to...  anything who's born with a silver spoon in his mouth is exactly a punk which means women don't want to touch right. As a man you need to suffer and you will survive and you need to internalize it and not become a weirdo except that the traumas was going to make you strong enough to become the kind of man that's respected by society and you need to use it here on an advantage. There's a version of you that never sleeps in, never skips training, never waste time. There's a version of you who never fails. It is waiting for you. Generally ask yourself the question, you are home. If you had done those things for the last two years you never skipped the training. You never wasted time, you never scrolled, checked talk, you never sat aimlessly on the internet type in garbage, never played video games, you never wasted time. You never skipped training, you were training every single day, you never slept in, you were never lazy. There's this version of you imagine the person you would be. Generally imagine what you would look like, imagine where you would live, imagine the car you would drive, imagine how much  your woman would respect you. Imagine the love you would see in her eyes when she looks at you with adoration like a king. Imagine your existence. That person is way too few and the only thing that's stopping you from being that person is your monumental laziness. You can have it. The universe is very giving it will give you anything you work for. I've never seen somebody try for something with all of their might and not get it. The only people who do not have the things they want or the people who do not try for them. I've never seen a person wake up and say my only dedication in life is to solve a room is to you and fail. You are not stupid. You are not incompetent. You are lazy and arrogant. It's extremely important you understand that that person is waiting for you and you are declining that version of yourself. In the multiverse and the many different versions of the universe that exist there is a version of you that does those exact things and he is a greater person than you can even fathom. You can transform yourself into that guy. You can be a top G. That's exactly what I did. I knew who I was going to have to end up being before I became that person. My brother and I are not from rich families.  We're not from advanced age to beginnings, but I knew I had to be a big strong, fighting billionaire. That's what I knew I had to be. Discipline is the key to success. If you cannot force yourself to do something you don't want to do, how are you ever gonna put yourself through the sunburn required for greatness? If you cannot force yourself to train when you do not want to train, if you cannot force yourself to work, you don't wanna work, if you can't force yourself to not log into Pornhub, or force yourself to eat, right? How can you possibly ever become a monumentally successful person? You cannot control yourself long enough to do what must be done as opposed to what you feel like doing. The only people who get to live their lives based on how they feel are women and children. Children can cry because they feel like crying, as kind of woman. A woman could start an argument because she feels like arguing, as kind of child. A man must do what he is supposed to do, regardless of how he feels. That is the key component to masculinity is discipline. If you do not have the discipline to dedicate yourself to anything.  You are going to fail and be crushed by the people who can. If you only go to the gym when you feel like going to the gym, you're going to be as strong as the people who go to the gym and they don't feel like going to the gym. That is a reality of life. So I train every single day. I've actually heard from something, I was saying, you are a voutrune. And I explain to them, one, I don't believe in rest. I'm not you. I'm not, what's the, I'm not broke. Like you are, Mr. Fitness trainer, standing around the gym, teaching people $50 an hour. I don't need to listen to you. Secondly, I don't train because I want to get bigger. I train every day because it is difficult to train every day. It hurts. I don't want to. I wake up and I'm busy. I have other things to do. I don't feel like doing it. So I force myself to do it seven days a week, 365 days a year so that I know I'm the kind of person who can do what he doesn't want to do and it needs to be done. I am that man. And it's more of a mental exercise and a physical exercise at this point. How can you ever outcompete me if I can force myself to do the things I don't want to do and you can not? Discipline is absolutely essential for success. You need to get very comfortable and very used to the idea of understanding that.  on your path to greatness, there are gonna be long periods of time where you hate what you are doing, where you are dissatisfied with the actions you must undertake, where you are tired, where you are stressed, that is why it is difficult, that is why most people won't make it. If the path was easy, everybody would walk it and it would lead nowhere. A hundred people start the path, 99 fall off because it is difficult and the one person who makes it to the end gets to gold. If all 100 made it to the end and the gold was divided by 100, it wouldn't even be worth anything. The difficulty gives it value. The fact that it is difficult to do is to keep component into the fact you want it in the first place. If it was a difficult, everyone would have it and you wouldn't want it, because no one would respect it. It's supposed to be hard. Life is supposed to be hard. You're supposed to think this is terrible. You're supposed to suffer and smile through the pain, regardless. Discipline is the key to success in all realms as a man. And if you lack it, you stand no chance. You can give...  If most people are roadmap to success, you can give them a Ferrari with a full tank of gas and a lot of people still wouldn't make the destination because they would say the drive is too far away. Quitters, they don't have to discipline. You can tell them exactly how to do it, you can give them the mechanism to get there, but they don't have the discipline to complete the drive and end up at the destination. That is the majority of earth. This is your competition. People who even if they are told what to do. And people tell them exactly how to do it and help them do it, still quit, still fail because they lack discipline. Even me, with my monumental powers, I can't make a quitter successful. It doesn't matter how good I am. It doesn't matter how easily I make it for them to succeed. It doesn't matter how compenduous and concise and powerful the real world is. It doesn't matter how much I test them and motivate them, how many emergency meetings I do to try and talk to them and hype them up, how much motivation I give them. It doesn't matter what I do. If they are a quitter, yes.  what they're gonna do. They're going too quick. No matter how simple a map is to read, no matter how fast a Ferrari is, somewhere along the drive the sun's gonna get in their eyes. Me, meh, meh. And they're gonna sit there and go, this is, I don't like that this is hard and they're gonna quit. Quitters are the number one type of people that nobody can help. If you're a quitter, I can't help you, life can't help you. God himself cannot help a quitter. So if you lack discipline, you lack the very basic building block to any type of success which exists on the planet by every single metric which could be measured with science, you are going to stay a loser and a failure. Key is to keep training. If you train hard every single day, you don't have to worry about a little bit of heights in this true. If you don't train and you don't smoke, you're still gonna be able to see. Yes. The answer is always hard work. As soon as you are granted like you are guaranteed death, what you do in between is up to you. You are all conscious.  That could end tomorrow, that could end in 100 years. But the time between the beginning of your consciousness and the end of it is completely up to you. Training is never the wrong decision. If you're in jail, you should train. If you are free, you should train. If you are rich, you should train. If you are or, you should train. If you smoke, you should train. If you don't smoke, you should train. If you drink, you should train. If you don't drink, you should train. You cannot escape. That hard work is always the correct decision. There is no time in any scenario when working hard is going to be the wrong answer. You should always try your very best in all things. I will smoke 10 cigars a day and beat the shit at you. Because I train harder than you can possibly fathom.