 Hello friends, welcome to Enduretates another video Hello friends Welcome to another emergency meeting. It's me here Andrew Tate You may have heard of me one of the most famous men alive tall gorgeous handsome and it's go time I'm gonna talk about Why it's go time right now and the trap many of you have fallen into Since Trump's victory because Trump's victory has laid the ground For a very easy trap that I've seen many of you fall into and we're gonna discuss that and we're gonna discuss how it's come to a Head in the last few days on Twitter any of you have been following that drama and how you should act and what you should do because it is our goal to Permawin and We win by our very existence As a man you win by your very existence. I can do something as simple as put on  a Santa hat and lift weights. And millions of people around the world will share it. Some will hate on me and attack me for training. As if exercise is bad, some will be motivated by it. I can do the mundane and capture the entire world's attention. That is the difference between a winner and a loser. A winner can breathe and people will have an opinion about it. A loser is trying very hard to be relevant. And it is your job as my fan to win as much as possible. And I'm going to make sure none of you are falling for a very obvious and simple trap. And that trap is the false idea of work and believing that anybody out there gives this shit about you as opposed to themselves because they don't. You know, there are people who may be aligned with you who may want to do certain things that you agree with.  to benefit them and you. But there are very few people who want to self-dechantment to benefit you alone. And I've seen this trap since Trump is one because we now have the rebel alliance and all of its individualism because it was individualists which were anti-left in the first place. Starting to highlight the differences in the mentalities, you see this across all rebel alliances when they're fighting an oppressive regime, they're unified in their hatred and they're discussed for the regime as a whole. But once they win, they then turn on each other because they realize they had nothing in common besides the dislike of the regime. And we have that now in the right. Some people in the right wing are fervently pro-Israel, summer fervently anti-Israel, summer fervently pro-migration, summer anti-migration. All together we agreed that the left had lost their minds. We all agree.  that we didn't want our sons to have their dicks chopped off. But once that battle was won, we are now starting to invite. And there's been a huge battle on Twitter these last few days about these H1B1 visas. And I want to give you guys the intellectual approach to these things. You know, life is actually very simple because it's a one move win. Imagine no matter what scenario you're in, you only had to do one thing. Imagine boxing and no matter what attack he threw at you, no matter how big and strong he was, no matter how tired you were, you didn't have to do any fancy combination, you didn't have to do any kind of clever footwork, you only had to do one move and you instantly and endlessly, 100% of the time won. And life is the same. And that thing is get rich. You know, whenever I see an argument online about anything, my instant responses, thank God I'm rich. And if...  If I am emotionally vested in that argument, if I am looking at that argument and believe the outcome genuinely matters and can affect my life, I'm only more motivated to get rich. If I look at an argument and say, I really care about this, time to get rich. Why? Well, there's two reasons. Reason one is that wealth gives you power and allows you to move the needle because most of you are not rich enough to move the manditle in any significant way. And two, wealth also gives you ability to build your own reality. If you decided you wanted to live life amongst people with yellow hair only or blue hair only, you have two choices. You can rage post on Twitter and try and inspire a politician to pass a law that only allows blue haired people to live around you. Even though it would not be in his own personal interest, which is basic.  impossible or you can get rich enough to just only exist and only be around blue-haired people. Which of those two things is a more clever use of your time and energy? Because this is the work trap we find ourselves falling into ever since Trump's victory. You believe Trump is coming to save you. You believe that the government is going to save you. You believe everything's going to be okay. You believe that rage posting on Twitter is somehow work and you're somehow affecting things. When truthfully you are wasting your time. Focusing all that energy on getting as rich as possible is more likely to change your experience than rage posting. And you know this. But what you're trying to do is satisfy the part of your soul which is telling you you have to work and you have to resist enslavement. The easiest place to see this is with Bitcoin. Everyone...  Someone loves Bitcoin, everybody believes in Bitcoin. Federal Reserve, they print too much money, Bitcoin's going to the moon. I get it. But why are you watching videos about Bitcoin and researching Bitcoin instead of earning money to buy more Bitcoin? It's binary. You either believe in Bitcoin or you don't. And if you do believe in Bitcoin, the most prudent and intelligent spend of your time is to work as hard as possible, to as acquire as much as possible before the price becomes prohibitive, to sit there with 0.3 Bitcoin, to believe that Bitcoin's going to go up. And then to watch Bitcoin videos and watch Hopeum and research how the blockchain works with no intention of actually programming the blockchain in any way, is a mistake. And it is a trick and a trap you are falling for because you believe by doing that, you are...  somehow working towards the end goal and you're not. You're attracted to Bitcoin because you can buy and forget. The reason Bitcoin's so attractive to people isn't because of the federal reserve. Nobody gives a shit about the Fed and inflation if they were rich. You wouldn't be upset by the Fed, inflation, interest rates, fiat currency. None of those things would bother you at all if you were as rich as me. I don't give a shit because I'm rich. You give a shit because you're not. So you're sitting there researching Bitcoin and you think that you're interested in Bitcoin because you are furious at the Federal Reserve. That's all bullshit. You love Bitcoin because it's offering you the lazy man's dream. Buy some of me and do nothing. It is the dream of every person alive to park some money, ignore it and with no-  work have more money because that's nearly impossible to do. If you want to start a rental property portfolio, you have to work. There's taxes, there's legal, there's cleaning, there's maintenance, there's finding tenants, there's work. Bitcoin is very lazy. So you buy it, you do nothing and you're told you're going to be a millionaire one day. That satisfies part of your heart. That's a perfect scenario. But then you have this time on your hands and you're sitting there thinking, well, Bitcoin's going to make me a millionaire and I want it to happen now. So what do I do? What you start doing is reading about Bitcoin, tweeting about Bitcoin, posting about Bitcoin, watching all the hope, you're looking up random YouTubers for their Bitcoin predictions, listening to Michael Saylor, all of these things you are doing because you are trying to expedite. You're trying to speed up the pace at which Bitcoin saves you from your miserable life. But it is a mis...  mistake because doing all of that doesn't change anything. I know you could argue that the collective energy of enough people understanding Bitcoin and tweeting about it moves the needle. That is true. But if I were to say to you, spend the next 100 hours reading and watching Bitcoin videos or the next 100 hours, working, earning money and buying Bitcoin, which one do you think would put you in a position where you could require retire sooner? It would be from working and purchasing, but you're trying to avoid the work. This is so important, guys, that you find yourself in these political arguments, you find yourself watching Bitcoin videos, you find yourself locking in to do absolutely unproductive things because the only thing that's productive in all scenarios is earning money.  So when I see this argument on Twitter about H1B1, I sit there and think, thank God I'm rich. It's very easy to live in America and only see white people if you're rich. It's also very easy to live in America and only see black people if you're rich. You can do whatever you want. If you're rich, if you're not, you're in a far more difficult position. And the great thing about this mindset is most people don't have it. It is important that people tweet about Bitcoin. It is important that people complain about certain things online and make it clear that they're unhappy with how their politicians plan to run the country. But if you bow down and you get rich, the rest will do it for you. It's fine. Let them do the heavy lifting. Let them sit there and rage post and get mad and lose sleep and watch videos and do all that crap while you stack cash. And I guarantee you that's how you're going to win. And I only care how...  My fans win. So after I decided Bitcoin was a thing, I've never watched a video on it again. I've decided Bitcoin's going to the moon. That's my decision. I now have no interest in Bitcoin podcasts. I have no interest in Bitcoin predictions. I have no interest. I spend my time making money to buy Bitcoin or something else. Trump won. Now everyone's sitting there asking Trump to fix their problems. They're very specific problems. And the rebel alliance, the right, was a band of individualists which all had very different views and hopes. So they're not going to fix all your problems. Nobody is coming to save you. Nothing's going to be better in 2025. Get rid of this. Bitcoin's going to a trillion dollars. Why not point one Bitcoin is enough because I found a podcast that says that. I watch more and more podcasts that say not point.  one Bitcoin will be enough because I don't have more than not will point one Bitcoin. And Trump and Elon are going to save me and everything's fine. Let me just rage post on Twitter and wait for Bitcoin to go up. That is a mistake. If those podcasts saying not point one Bitcoin is enough are accurate. If they are, which is debatable because I don't think they are, then you should still be trying to earn more. So you have not point two Bitcoin as opposed to watching those podcasts for hope. I ask a lot of people what they're doing to say, locking in, bro. And their version of locking in is just dumb shit. Watching podcasts for hope. Rage posting on Twitter for hope. It is best for you to assume that you're fucked. It's best for you to assume that Trump and Elon are not going to do any of the things you want them to do.  number how much you tweeted them it is best for you to assume that Bitcoin is still going to be around the same price 10 years from now it is best for you to assume that the prices will continue to spiral out of control that the crime and the drugs will continue to spiral out of control that is the best mental model for you to have because in that scenario under that mental model I can say to you what the fuck are you gonna do about it and the only answer is work hope can destroy you you're at the bottom of a well and to save your manicure you're praying someone's gonna throw a rope down or a ladder because you don't want to scale the slimy walls and crawl out to salvation because of how difficult it's gonna be and you're sitting at the bottom thinking a ladder is coming soon I heard this rumor of this  guy who has a ladder and he randomly puts it down wells and maybe he'll choose my one. So if I just sit around and wait, that is the wrong mentality. It will soon be nightfall. You will freeze. It will begin to rain and you will drown. You don't have time. If the man with the ladder is coming, then you're good anyway. If Trump and Elon fixed a country, you're good. If Bitcoin goes to 10 million and you're not 0.1, finally becomes worth something, you're good. If the ladder comes down the well when you're halfway up the wall, you're great. But you should begin to climb anyway. It is win-win. The only thing stopping you is the trap of believing you're doing something by praying for the ladder man and laziness.  Amazing how people were motivated under Kamala because they understood that an oppressive regime Was out with the intention of enslaving the modern man and then Trump won and they let their foot off the gas like it's okay now They're not gonna make us slaves anymore Now Elon talks about visas. Why are people so mad at him? Why has there been such a visceral reaction? I'll tell you why because He's reminding all of you that this is a brutal dog eat dog world and That those who can do the job the best for the lowest pay are the ones who will have the jobs and nobody's coming to save you Your hope him that you were enjoying your dreams of Trump's back in charge Economy's gonna be back will all be rich bitcoins go to sleep all that shit was shattered when he made it clear to you That Indian will do  job for half the fucking money and now you're pissed. Why am I not pissed? Well, because I have money. You can talk about the demographic change of United States. A valid argument agreed. But what puts you in a better position? Sitting there with 400 followers tweeting into the void or working as hard as possible to get as rich as possible. What puts you in a better position? Which is a better chess move? Because you only have one turn. You move the night or you move the bishop. Which one are you going to choose? You can't move both. And if you want to win the game, although there may be merit to both, you have to choose the one which is most beneficial to your position as a whole. And that's the beautiful thing about life because the answer is nearly always the fucking same. Get rich. Ignore the  noise, buckle down, ignore the noise, lock in, focus, do important shit, ignore the noise and make sure you're doing things that actually matter because there's a huge work trap that's been set up. You're not working as hard as you think you are if you're watching podcasts, which are giving you hope that you've already done enough work. That's what you're doing. You're hoping someone is going to say to you that you've already done enough and that 0.1 Bitcoin is fine and Trump is going to fix it all and it's all fine. Nothing is fine. You need to crawl out of that well with your fingernails. You need to just scratch your face on hard stone. You need to get out there like a man. Even if the ladder comes after you climbed out of the well, you bought yourself time.  Now you're ahead of the game. Yes, you could have waited and had an easier way out, but think of how much time you saved by crawling out before the latter man got around to you. This is extremely important. It's extremely important. I'm not going to comment on the Elon drama. I'm not going to comment on it because it's very emotionally charged. And I understand why people are upset. However, I do think, and I will make this clear, it is insane how quickly people forget what Elon did for us. Whether you agree with him or not, how quickly people have turned their backs on him and forgotten what he did to break the censorship matrix. And this is the problem that we have now because now you've attacked him so disrespectfully. He has no interest  interest in your concerns. The people who are genuinely concerned about this issue have approached it so heinously that they have alienated one of the most powerful men on the planet and they think they're winning. This is the brutal arrogance of people. You're ratioing Elon on his own platform and you think you're winning. You think he's gonna wake up and go, ah, you've been nasty to me and insulted me for a lot. I really care about your plight. It's dumb as fuck. At least, at least have enough respect to try and make him understand your concerns. No. Instead you just attacked him. So game theory would prove that if someone is the richest man in the world, ultra successful and powerful and you piss that person off, then he's probably gonna double down on his views that you don't like. I wouldn't hate.  I don't think that highlighting this argument and the way it's been highlighted has done anything for the cause Positive at all because people were not mature enough to handle it in a mature respectful way So now you've pissed off one of those powerful people on the planet great Irregardless of what side of the argument you're on irregardless the answer is the same Which is to make much much money as possible Because once you make money you can create your reality. You know, it's very interesting That People as a whole It truly is interesting people as a whole do not sit and analyze intention You have to sit and think about Why somebody would do the things they do especially if you want them to do them you need to think about this deeply Because then you might convince them to do what you want Why would  somebody have the exact same political views as you or past the laws you want them to past or make you rich Why would they want to do that? How could you convince somebody to want to do that and if you can't? What should you do or if you can is it worth the time invested? I really think You know Have you ever seen something that just feels too good to be true? You know when people are saying Bitcoin having plus the ETF it's going to a million and I'm sitting there thinking that's too easy. No way and then the Bitcoin having comes and then the ETF comes and the price doesn't even move That's life What should happen? What you're hoping for it never comes true? I'm a Trump fan huge Trump fan But if you think your life's gonna be any  different after his inauguration. You're an idiot because your life's not going to change. Maybe you can get some hope you're some copium on Twitter. But once again, that's falling into a trap. Let me give you an example. Most of you are so addicted to the trap that I've been describing that if you lived in the exact same city doing the exact same things, seeing the exact same people and there was a tweet that said the immigration had doubled. You'd be furious. And then if you were in the exact same city, seeing the exact same people doing the exact same things and there was a tweet that said immigration had halved, you'd be happy. But your reality hasn't changed. Your idea, your perception, your hopes, your dreams, your ideals, what you believe, sure. But your reality hasn't even changed.  So you have to ask yourself do you want to tweet all day pushing? for the idea of a happy scenario that you'll never experience or do you want to get rich and experience what you want to experience? Most of the reason you're so unhappy with these certain things is because you're poor anyway There's not a single rich person who would say I won't move to Dubai up too many Arabs Nobody cares then because everyone's loaded It's a class war anyway So I understand the concerns but when people are inboxing me saying what do you think? What do you think? What do you think? I think you should get rich That's what I think I think you should double down and focus and These days are the most wasted days These are the most wasted days of the year Between Christmas and New Year six days What percentage of the years as that 2% of the year?  6 out of 300, around 2% 365, 1.7%. What is 7 out of 365? 1.6%. Not bad, I'll stop my head. 1.6% of the year is wasted and it is the first 1.6% of the year. Here we are. So now it's time, in between Christmas and New Year, to make a plan for the following year, to make a battle plan, which you're gonna stick to. And I feel like all of you waiting for something monumental to happen is not gonna happen. Bitcoin's not going to a million next year. It would be too easy if it did. If it does great, take was wrong, fine. But it would be too easy. Has your life ever been that easy? Have you ever woke up and not tried? And oops, I was rich. Oops, Bitcoin just went to a million. It doesn't work that way. Something's gonna happen. There'll be some.  Quantum computing bullshit. There'll be some confirmation that there won't be a strategic reserve. There'll be some mining problem. Who knows it'll dump and all of your dreams. You'll be sitting there in March or July Halfway through the year after spending six months watching Bitcoin podcasts looking at your portfolio lower than it was in 2024 depressed Life's never easy guys Easy way out doesn't exist. There's only one way out through the thorns through the pain So only way it's ever been. It's the only way it's ever gonna fucking be It really doesn't matter if Trump won or Kamala one because there's pros and cons to both If Kamala one we'd have the right unified in struggle against eternal mind slavery No one will be arguing with Elon if Kamala one but now we're vulcanizing We are fractionalization of the right  Now we're going to have new arguments, new problems. It's never going to be smooth sailing. How could it possibly be? Life's never been that way. So why do I put emphasis on focusing to get rich? You should be as rich and as strong as possible because you're a full grown man and full grown men need to be able to influence the world. It's kind of amazing to me that many of you wake up and nobody cares when you talk. And that doesn't seem to bother you or inspire action out of you. If I wake up and I tweet something, people care. If I talk on an emergency meeting, people care. If I talk in my house, people care. If I talk to my woman, people care. If I talk to the mothers and my children, they care. My words matter. Most of you are going through like screaming into the void and nobody gives a fuck what you say.  You're going to be a full grown man. Nobody give a shit what you think or what you say and not feel shame. Shouldn't your goal for 2025 be to have a voice at least, assuming you care about the issues we just discussed, then surely you should want a voice. If you care so much about immigration or you care so much about Bitcoin or whatever else, you should want your voice to matter. How are you going to do that? You're going to continue to scream as a nobody. You're going to become a somebody first. Your primary mission should be to be as rich and strong as possible because these are measures of dedication. These are measures of competence. You know, Tristan and I had a conversation. We said, what would we do if crypto went to zero? Was probably 70% of our wealth is in crypto. Let's say we're worth...  500 million keep numbers easy 300 million is in crypto So if crypto went to zero, what would we do? And I said, well, that would be fantastic. That would be great Because now all the easy money's gone And now all the dickheads to get to run around a lambo's and show off and buy girls handbags all the easy shit is gone We're back to the hard world. We're back to the real world of real business What we're best at and we've got real estate portfolios and we have gold and we have stocks And we have bonds and ETFs and cash and we have all these other things. We don't just have crypto Most crypto people only have 0.7 Bitcoin. That's it. That's their hope. That's their ticket We have everything else even though I don't believe crypto is going to zero It would actually be better for us if it did because there'll be less people flexing money We'd be the only rich people fucking left It'd be great if Bitcoin went to zero We're perfectly prepared to do the hard work If it was a race if we were all at the bottom of the well 10 different people and 10 different wells  And I could have a friend of mine assassinate the man with the ladders before he got round to any of us. That's exactly what I do. I put a faggot on the roof and I snip him so that it became a competition of brutal will. Because then I know I'll get out first. Because I know I'll scale that wall faster than anybody else. I don't want there to be ladders. You're praying for a ladder. I don't want them. I don't want easy wins. I don't want crypto to go up. I don't want Trump to fix anything. I wanted to stay a fucking mess. I want to have to wake up every day and grind out and become Richard and everyone else because I work harder than everyone else. And I try harder than everyone else. I don't want any easy ways out. The idea that aggravates me. I don't want to feel motivated. I want to feel tired and stressed. I want to run on pure discipline and adrenaline. Nobody is motivated for in the morning. Nobody.  But some people are up anyway. You're praying for an easy way out. I don't fucking want one. Because if there is an easy way out, yeah I'll win. But other people will win who I don't think deserve to win. Luckily, in my experience on this earth, the universe has never, I've ever seen, ever given an easy way out to anybody. So I don't believe it's fucking coming. And most of you seem to believe something fantastic is coming next year. And I would argue that it's not. Bunch of people are gonna get laid off. Bunch of extra spendings that are being removed. Bitcoin might go up a bit, but you don't have enough. You need at least 50 Bitcoin, you ain't got it. Now's your time to earn and work and buy them before they go up. You haven't done it. If you're a prediction, if your predictions are true, if you really believe, because of all the podcasts.  you've read that Bitcoin's going to a million. You still don't have enough. Do you understand that's not a reason to rest? That's not a reason to wait. That's not a reason to do less work. That's a reason to work harder because you can turn your not point three into not point five. You can turn your two into twenty because by the time it goes up, then you won't be able to. So even if you were right, that's even more argument for the same thing. It doesn't matter if you go left or right. You need to make money. It doesn't matter if you go up or down. You need to make money. It doesn't matter if it's hot or fucking cold. You need to make money. It doesn't matter if you're happy or sad. You need to make money. It's the only way to leverage yourself in this economic game that none of us can possibly escape. And what are you doing? Are you arguing about fucking visas on Twitter when nobody gives a shit what you think anyway?  What what do you expect to happen here? And your version of locking in is finding copium. That's what you call work. Gentlemen, it's go time. It's go time like it's never been before. Either things are going to go great and you need to get your ducks in a row now before they go to great. EG, the Bitcoin price goes to the moon or things are going to go wrong and you need to get your ducks in a row before they go wrong. EG, Bitcoin price tanks. It doesn't matter. Either way, it's fucking go time. And truthfully, the law of averages. It ensures that the majority of people.  people are exactly that average. If you're watching this, most of you are average. Most of you cannot be exceptional by virtue of the nature of exceptionalism. You may be exceptional amongst a general populist because you're all fans of mine, but measured against other fans of mine, the majority of you will be average. That's what it means. But that's fine, because you can win if your average if you're first. You can win if your average if you try harder than the rest. You can win if your average if you pay attention. You can win if your average if you do the right things if you're not lazy. It's very easy to win if your average. You just need to get another advantage. And the easiest advantage is I'm prepared to put in the work every day, show up, and I'm going to start right now. I guarantee you results if you do that. Guaranteed.  I put up a video about Bitcoin the other day about how someone want me to invest in a hotel but I didn't want to do it because Bitcoin was a sounder investment. And that's true. If Bitcoin is going to do what everyone thinks it is, it's actually going to suck a lot of liquidity out of a lot of markets. I mean, it's actually going to be quite hard to make money. It's going to be hard for you if Bitcoin continues on a parabolic run to offer a service to somebody. If somebody says, hey, I can make you money if you pay me X amount of money, they'll think I'd rather just buy Bitcoin and I haven't got hired this ticket. Bitcoin can make it harder for you to make money. You do know that, don't you? Game theory would argue then that while you might make money is still easy to do, you make as much as possible and buy Bitcoin so that when that happens, it doesn't matter because you have enough to retire. You do know that a Bitcoin proves itself the way you hope it does, that your chance of getting paid any money by anybody goes to zero because they're all just going to buy  Bitcoin instead. You do know that don't you? Have you thought about that? I don't think you have. So let me run it past you one more time. However you intend on making money currently, is asking somebody else to pay you money. You can't generate money from thin air because you're not the Fed. You can't make money. You are given money by somebody for something. Once Bitcoin proves itself as an asset that you believe it's going to be, people would rather buy Bitcoin and then give you the money for whatever service you offer. Meaning it's going to become very difficult for you to earn any money and buy Bitcoin. So you have to buy it now before it blows up. If you're right and if you're wrong, you still need to find a way to make money now. This is the beauty of what I want to say to you. There's only one answer to all things. The answer is always the same. Doesn't matter how this visa ship plays out. Doesn't matter what happens. What matters is you need...  money. I hate to be a ruthless capitalist, but I've lived my life. And I've realized that I've never, ever been in a situation and regret it having loads of money. Ever. Whether I was jail and I could pay for my mother and my children, whether I had legal problems and I could hire the best lawyers, whether I went driving and my car broke down and I could just abandon the car I didn't care to go stolen. It doesn't matter. There has never been a time in my life where having loads of money was bad. Ever. It's always an advantage. It's secure all. Same with strength. I've never thought, dammit, I'm too strong. Dammit. Wish I wasn't so strong. That doesn't happen. These are the two things that you can never get enough of, which is why the two things you should be focused on. Because once you get enough, you get to observe the game from above. You get to watch that.  ants argue and scatter around like I do. You get to jump in and out to troll people, to be funny, but none of it really matters. And you can have your own personal view on society and your personal view on trying to save civilization. Absolutely you should. But whether your personal view is enacted and you win, or your personal view is refuted and you lose, either one of those scenarios would be better if you had money. So I don't want you guys to be living on hope, I feel like this whole big visa debacle has shown that you're not going to get the politics you were hoping for. I'm predicting now the Bitcoin's not going to a million because of a strategic reserve by the USA. It would be too easy. Even if it did, you need more and you ain't got it. It is go time. Today is go time. Right now is go time. There's absolutely no other time.  for you to go, but now you either go now or you lose. You have nothing else to do between now and new year. You can't remember what you did on these days last year. That's how unimportant they are. If I say, what did you do on the 28th of December last year, you'd say, I don't even know. You wasted the whole day. You did nothing. Now you can finally take some action and get something done. Huge credit to everyone who joined the real world live on the stream. You can see their pop-ups on the left. Everybody joined the real world who understands that the only way out is by other fingernails. I'm not going to tell you an easy way to make money. I'm not going to tell you you can just buy money and sit there and do nothing. I'm going to tell you how to crawl out. I'm going to say that you should do it the hard way. I can only teach you how to do things the hard way. That's all I know because it's all I've ever done. I've never done things the easy way. I've never been lucky. I've never caught a lick. I've been the guy who had to crawl out by the skin of his teeth every single time he ever escaped.  Absolute decimation. I've been the guy who had it on the edge of annihilation of his life falling apart And he only pulled it off because he grit and Beard pain and did whatever it took to win. I've never had it easy I've never won easy. I've only ever did it the hard way so it's all I can teach you if there's someone out there Who you believe in who's promising you an easy way out? Then go believe them. I don't know any easy way out All I know is the hard way out That's the only path You're trapped in a forest Surrounded by bramble and ghouls which intend on taking your soul and I am outside of the forest and I'm screaming to you saying I know a way out the path is long. It is dangerous. It is arduous. You may hurt yourself You may get cut. It's difficult, but I can guarantee you it leads out And perhaps there's another voice saying I know an easy  that it just leads straight out and it's easy. If you believe them try, but if it was true, if there was an easy path out, why are so many people still stuck? Why are so many people still trapped? If there's an easy way out of this mess, surely the fact that most people can't escape is testament to the fact that the only way out is hard. If it was easy to escape, no one would be fucking trapped in there. I can't give you easy answers. I don't have them. I only have the hard answers. And the hard answer is for you to knuckle down, stop fucking praying for an economic miracle, stop praying for a political miracle, stop praying for a miracle via digital currency, get your fucking act together and start working all day, every day until you finally have enough for you to no longer have to be forced to live an experience you don't enjoy anymore.  Because that's all I did. So that's all I know. Let me read the super chats. Where are they? I don't know if I can see them. Can you get them on the screen or you see them up here? When the ones come up, there were more before. I'll read the super chats on the next show guys. I decided to do this emergency meeting because I want to be able to come back to it later. Halfway through next year when I said nothing's gonna change and all your hopes and dreams are gonna fall flat. I'm gonna play this emergency meeting on an emergency meeting and I'm gonna tell you guys. You thought around thinking  all gonna be fine, Toldja. You were waiting for it to rain gold from the sky, never came to it. Toldja, this is a massive Toldja so. So in July of next year, I can say, you sat around on your ass, praying for fuck knows what, Trump, Elon, aliens, Aleppo Khan, gold from the sky, who fucking knows? But none of it came to it because you're still in the same fucking room with the same shit girlfriend on the same broken ass laptop. Broke. Nothing changed. And I'm gonna remind you of the fact that I told you to get rid of all that bullshit hope for your brain and get focused and knuckle down and work. And you can either waste these next six months before I talked to you and remind you of the fact that I was right, or you can use them. If you use them, when I play that video, you're gonna be happy. If you waste them, when I play that video, you're gonna be sad, but I would argue that I'm right. And if I'm wrong, then you...  win anyway. So what's the to worry about? Win win. It's go time gentlemen. It truthfully is. And I think that this little argument online should have highlighted that to you. We have some super chats here. Dr. Simple, I've made 10K in the real world for three months since I worked my ass off. Congratulations brother. Then he starts talking about my giveaway, which we're going to talk about on the upcoming emergency meeting, which we're going to do on New Year's. On New Year's, we're going to go through all the crazy events of 2024. I'm going to try and make some predictions of 2025. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Join the real world was the smartest decision I've ever made in 2025. It's going to be the best year of my life from a Calibi. Thank you very much. Doing the professor, Adam's crypto masterclass final exam with another real world G right now. So we have a lot of guys who are already inside the real world watching the show. A lot of people on the left have signed up.  It's up to you if you want to sign up or not, it doesn't make a fucking difference to me. There's no point signing up if you're not prepared to work. Do not sign up for the real world if you're not prepared to work. There's no such thing as easy money. There's money you fucking work for. I can show you where the gold mine is and I can give you a pickaxe, but you have to dig. If you're not gonna dig, don't go. I don't give a single fuck if you join or not. Makes no difference to me. Do not go down the gold mine with a pickaxe if you're not prepared to dig. Then you're wasting everyone's time. You're wasting my time for giving you a hard hat and a shovel, you're wasting the elevator operator's time. You're wasting the company's time because we could have hired somebody else who actually wants to dig. If you're not prepared to work, don't fucking go down there. Stay at the top and never have a chance of finding gold. Believe that one day gold's gonna just fall on your lap. You're gonna find it by accident. Trump's in power now and you have not pointed out eight bit coin. Gold's just gonna rain from the sky at some point. And...  Andrew's wrong. By next year I'll be rich. I don't have to work. I don't know how it's just gonna happen. Let's see, shall we? Or you can get rid of your childish infantile dreams. Pick up a fucking axe. Get in the elevator and go down there with a vigor prepared to do whatever it takes Choices yours, but it truthfully is go time, gentlemen. The dumb shit all of the enjoying happy Trump won Christmas is coming Bitcoin hit 100k all that shit's gone back to brutal cold realities of life and We're gonna see in July of next year if I was right or if I was wrong and Either way, you're gonna be happy if you listen to me   boys with smiles on their face because my friends that's it. You have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video and we will meet next time again.  ve new video of android ve i want to tell you something that i am sorry if you feel disturbed to see video like this i have nothing to do with it cause you have this restriction on android it so if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that is the only way so i hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and i promise i will come with the videos regularly so that is the 8CU again goodbye