 On today's emergency meeting, we're going to be discussing a very serious topic. And because of a very serious topic, I'm going to start with a very serious disclaimer at the very beginning. I don't condone rapists. In fact, as a father of Daulters, I hate rapists. I cannot imagine how terrifying it is to be raped. I think any man who commits rape deserves every punishment that the Lord sends his way from his jail sentence to exactly how they're dealt with in various prisons around the world. I think it's fully deserved. Now, because rape is wrong and I don't condone rape, that also doesn't mean that people do not use laws for their advantage to financially benefit themselves. I also, and I think you'd agree with me, Andrew, do not condone breaking into somebody's house and trying to steal their stuff or stealing somebody's car. This is illegal and those people deserve punishment. But people do lie about having their stuff stolen and who stole their car and house break ins. Why do they do that? Is insurance fraud? Are they trying to make some money? They're trying to...  make some money. You raised a very important point there because midwits or people who are ideologically opposed to an individual will fail to decipher the difference between understanding a fair trial, understanding the truth about innocence and guilt and condoning the act of rape itself. We are against rape like every sensible human is. I have daughters, my brother has daughters. Of course we are against rape. That does not mean that people are infallible and perfect and that they are not weaponizing laws for their own advantage in the case of rape like they are with basically every other law and every other possible crime you can accuse people of or report to judicial authorities. You would have to be a fool to then confuse in your mind the heinous connotations of rape with the fact that people who accuse or are accused of rape are all...  always 100% guilty. Please understand this. This is a cognitive dissonance between saying, I hate rape rape is bad. That means anyone accused of rape is bad. No, we all hate rape. Rape is bad. People who commit rape are bad. Not people who are falsely accused of rape or are going through a judicial process for the idea of rape. It is innocent until proven guilty. And people always get this confused because rape is such a heinous crime. It's actually interesting when you get late earned to this podcast about the motivations that happen to people. The motivations behind these fake rape claims and how when you get large enough and you speak against the system, the reason they use rape or sexual crimes to attack you with is because people are stupid and the average midway out there will instantly demonize you simply for the accusation. If you're accused of tax fraud or car theft, nobody cares. But if you're accused of rape,  You are instantly tired. You are permanently tired, irregardless of the outcome of the court case, which is the reason they use these crimes. The other reason they use these crimes is that they're subjective and extremely hard to prove or disprove. Every man watching this currently, who has had sex, can be tried for rape. Your name can be dragged through the mud. You can be destroyed in the MSM. You can go to trial. Every single one of you can have consent removed post event up to 10, 20 years later. And your life will be destroyed by the accusation alone because most people confuse their dislike and their genuine hatred for the idea of rape with somebody's innocence and the accusation itself. They're very different things. So we're going to dive into this corner of a grigger thing because you know what? I don't want to be too controversial on this podcast. I want to say things that are true. We want to be serious. We want to be serious, but...  I have to point out something. And I think this is going to prove itself pertinent across this conversation. And please correct me of our wrong trust. Have you ever seen a genuinely beautiful woman accuse a man of rape in these fake rape claims? Well, who is that stunner who accused Donald Trump? She was a nine. Don't you think? And this is an intelligent conversation for people to have without getting offended. The fact that if you were to assume a woman were to falsy accuse a man of rape, her primary objectives would be financial and attention to damage demands character because he did not give her the attention she believes she wanted. She had sex with a man. She was unhappy with what happened or what transpired after the sex. They wanted money and a relationship from this man. They're narcissistic. They believe they deserve it because of mainstream media sex in the city and the culture. When they can't get it, they become vengeful. Now, isn't it...  logical to then conclude that beautiful women often get attention from the man after sex so they don't make this claim. It seems most of the women who make these fake rape claims are not even physically attractive, which in itself, don't be offended. I'm being deadly serious. In itself is actually proof, proof for the fact that they're vengeful for how the relationship progressed posts sex. And that's why they've removed consent after the act, which is insane, by the way. And beautiful women don't have to do that because they don't end up in that position. The fact that beautiful women are not making these claims shows that these claims are actually falsified. Yes. And you have to understand the justice system works differently at different levels. England is very famous for its two-tier policing, but the world is two-tier. And I'll tell you why the world is two-tiered. Because rich men are not just targets of women who want money. Rich men can also be the targets of governments who want money, prosecutors who want money. So other people involved in the case.  You want money, fame and recognition. I feel like if you were a normal man, Joe Schmo. And a woman came along and said, Joe Schmo raped me six years ago at his house. What proof is there? None. Text messages? None. Did you go to a doctor? No. So what proof is there? Just your statement? Yes. The CPS and a prosecutor are likely to throw this away. Now all the evidence in my case, as you know, I'm going to cover this at the end of the emergency mean, has been thrown out, thrown back to decot because it was garbage. But when somebody comes to a prosecutor and says, this rich, important man committed a crime against me, I'm willing to make a statement. People get false to falsie accused twice. I have been falsie accused by two individuals, two AZ who will hopefully soon one day find themselves in jail for falsie accusing me. They will certainly find themselves financially bankrupt forever for false accusing me. But when they handed over their statements to the corrupt prosecutor here.  Here in Romania, I was falsie accused by two people. One, this professional victim who made a pre-story, and two, the Romanian prosecutor himself who wrote the indictment. When I say I am falsie accused by a prosecutor, he again, like this woman, has money to gain, career prospects to gain, fame to gain, everything to gain, and if I was interested in taking never would have taken this person seriously. So when they say, but there are more victims than just these two, no victim has come forward and said that I'm a victim of Andrew Tristan Tate. A prosecutor has said this woman who has your child is also your victim because I say so. You get falsie accused on two levels. So if you're a nobody, you have a much better chance at having this dismissed at the initial accusation. For a somebody like Matt Gates, like Andrew Tate, like Conomer Greger, like Russell Brand, like all of these, somebody who keep getting hit with these accusations.  It carries weight because the people who are meant to protect the innocent, the police force and the prosecutors are more than happy to jump on the bandwagon along with these false accusers and ride the wave of your self-destruction to career prospects and financial benefits. Yeah. If you are a large, important person on this planet, you are a target. You're a target for gangs who want to kidnap your children and extort you. You are a target for prosecutors in government. You're a target for women who want to try and catch a payday. You're a target for everybody. The same as if you wear a Rolex and London, you're a target. The fact that this keeps happening to rich, successful men shows a lot that they are targets. They are targets for everybody. If you walk around with the security team, you're trying to protect yourself from men. That's the case. The problem we have now with these fake rape cases is as a man, it's becoming literally impossible to protect yourself from them. If you put yourself in a situation or  where you build a society where women can remove consent post event. They can retrospectively remove consent from an event. You are now held hostage to her whims. You meet a woman you have sex with her. We're all adults. That's what happens. Every successful man has sex with women. However, you are now held hostage to her whims. If you do not buy her the handbag that she wants you to buy her, she can retrospectively remove consent from that event and you have now become a criminal. Meaning it is impossible to ever give consent at all. You see all these liberals and these people who are against those who are accusing. Well, they should get consent. As a man, you can get consent. In fact, in 99% of these fake rate cases, the man had consent. It was simply taken away afterwards. If I say to you, you can borrow my car and you begin to drive it and halfway through driving it. No, not even halfway through. You can borrow my car. You borrow the car. You return the car.  I smile and give you a hug and say thanks for returning my car. And then six years later said that I never said you could borrow it and you stole it. How can you possibly protect yourself from that scenario? How could you ever borrow a car safely again? We've entered a world now where in the Western hemisphere, no man can have sexual relations with a female without being permanently blackmailed forever. And that is extremely scary. Guys, we don't know the absolute ins and outs of Conor's case. We are two individuals who pride ourselves on using common sense and logic. And we've done that to decipher the matrix, break the matrix, and teach all of you about the realities of the world for a very long time. We're going to go through the evidence which already exists on the internet today. We're going to go through it. And we're going to use logic to try and decide whether we think Conor McGregor is genuinely guilty of raping this individual or not. I also made the point I made earlier about beautiful women because I've yet to see this person. And I want to see a picture of her.  I think it is. Yeah. Of course it is. Six, five. Beautiful women don't make these claims because beautiful women get the handbag afterwards, showing that the claims were fake to begin with. So we're gonna do a breakdown of it. We're gonna go through it. We're gonna give our honest opinions on it. And you also have to understand guys, one more thing. What did I say earlier about why the matrix uses these types of claims against people? It is no coincidence to me that Conomer Greger started talking politically. He started talking about getting into government in Ireland. Stopping migration. Stopping migration. We endorsed him ourselves as Irishmen. As soon as he began to speak about politics, this appears. The mainstream media's primary objective is a propaganda arm for the governmental institutions. Mainstream media is not impartial. It is funded by the government. It only exists for the government. So if the government wants to slander somebody, what they have to do is come up with a fake rape case, put them through a court case, and the MSM will repeat over and over.  that this person is a rapist, because then they can convince a large enough sub-sector of the populace to buy the garbage, irregardless of the evidence, irregardless of the outcome of the case itself. All that matters is that the mainstream media report, on repeat, that X person is on trial for rape. That is what they are most interested in doing. So we're gonna begin here. I've got a whole bunch of stuff. It's all just been dragged from the internet. We're gonna go through it all, and we're gonna see how we believe, or what we believe is actually going on here. So with the first video, this is McGregor, as I believe, leaving court. Mr. McGregor, you are a rapist. What do you think? What do you think? Do you have any reaction or apology to the women at the center of this? I don't know. I don't know. Do you have a reaction? I don't know. Do you have any apologies to the women at the center of this? No, no, no, no, no. You're a drunk farmer. If it's fake, this is too bad, bro. Too bad for society.  Gregor, you're a rapist, you're a rapist. You know, these MSN scumbags are truly the worst people on the planet. Many of those probably work for the BBC in that video, ironically. Because they did the same thing to us. These are some of the worst people on the planet. To be a journalist, you have to have no integrity at all left, because you are a propaganda arm for the Matrix. You have to repeat what you are told. You have to repeat what you're supposed to repeat. You're not allowed to think objectively or think for yourself ever. You have to repeat. You are a parent, you are a tool. And the fact that that question was asked or said was deliberately planned, specifically to hire, to hammer home to anyone watching that Conor Gregor is now a rapist forever. Now, if I'm correct, Conor Gregor, in this case, the prosecution service didn't go ahead with charges because it was insufficient evidence. This was a civil case, which is most important thing to reiterate. The police and court to the criminal court did not find Conor Gregor guilty of rape.  group. After this in a civil court, she brought a lawsuit for money against Conmergerger and she was awarded a court of a million euros in money. And I believe Conmergerger was found liable for assault of some kind, not of rape itself. So that in and of itself smells kind of fishy. Well, no, what's fishy is that the MSN call an erratist when he was the found guilty of rape. Yes. No, he has no criminal record for rape. He has no criminal record and their wavy microphones in his face saying you are a rapist. He has no criminal record for rape. I hope he brings these people to court. So here's an overview of the cases I understand it. The case was thrown out as a criminal case by the director of public prosecutions due to insufficient evidence twice. Despite the media headlines, Nikita hand did not win a rape case against Conmerger. That was an accusation. The judge's instruction and the modest award given was for assault, not for aggravated or exemplary damages. This was appealed. The woman who claimed  she had no interest in him, was sending him text messages and slutty pictures and agreed to meet him over the course of days. She wouldn't leave his hotel room and was seen after the supposed rape on CCTV footage hugging his arm and kissing him. Do women hug and kiss a man who is just rape them? They were on straight to the police. That's what they should do. Yes or no. We're being logical. Yes or no. If you're a woman and you get raped and you get back down to the hotel reception, you're out of the hotel room, you're back in public. Do you scream, help me help me this man just assaulted me? Do you run straight to the police station or do you hug his arm and kiss him? Now let's talk about the moral character of this person. She lied to her boyfriend to be with Connor and continued to lie to him. So she is already known as a liar. She was cheating on her boyfriend with Connor in a hotel room at the time. This is important because not only was she lying about what she was doing.  She was able to lie about where she was. The gating her claim of being out of touch and not remembering the parts caught on film that do not match her story. Parts on the video do not match her story and she says she doesn't remember but if she doesn't remember how did she manage to tell such an elaborate lie to her boyfriend who was waiting for her at home. She was also seen kissing on another guy who she accused of sexual assault but that case failed. So I want to talk about this case actually. So first and foremost I've now deciphered what's happened. You just ran through this. I've just deciphered what happened. She fuck Conor Grader got fucked by Conor Grader. Good for her. That's what she wanted clearly. She insinuated that in text messages. Her words not mine by the way BBC if you're watching. She went under a boyfriend. You cheat on me with Conor Grader. Oh no, I didn't cheat on you. He forced me to. Well you should go to the police and kept it in a fucking save a hose. From White Knight, her boyfriend believes her story and was happy to send her to the police station to make accusations against Conor Grader.  But, sorry, this James Lawrence thing is the most important part of it. It is the most important part of the story. So, let me ask you a question, Andrew. If a man is accused of raping two women in a one night, one in one hotel room, one in the other, two isolated instances in the same night and he's found guilty beyond all reasonable doubt of raping one and not guilty of the other. You'd be a bit suspicious. You'd be like, well, this guy's a rapist. He was obviously raped this girl early on the night if there was evidence and we believed it. But, it's saddest suspicious. Suspicious that he wasn't found guilty in the other case, but maybe there's a reasonable doubt that he raped her. Maybe I think he raped her too because he's obviously a rapist. So let me ask you another question. If a woman falsy accuses two men in one night, I must say falsy, accuses two men in one night. She's says she's raped by man A. Gets raped.  Hugs and kisses him, leaves and later on in the same night she says, man be in a completely isolated incidence raped me. And the court say, man be didn't rape you. I didn't rape you that stupid funny enough. The one man in this equation without the fame and the money and the influence with no political aspirations. And what if he didn't rape you? This is a false allegation. You fall see accusers man because he didn't rape you and the court finds that. What did you be in the just as in case number one? The best suspicious thing. Well, she falsely accused man be why would you go from getting raped in hotel room a and by coincidence find yourself raped in hotel room B a few hours later. You're lying about hotel room B. No rape victim goes from getting raped to another man's arms and has consensual sex. So doesn't that raise massive questions about the validity of your claims of what happened earlier on in the night in hotel room A? If it were a man who raped two individuals.  individuals in different circumstances, we'd be pointing the finger and saying, oh, he got away with the second one. I would say this woman got away with the first one. She got away with falsie accusing Conor McGregor, the man in this equation who has the money to pay compensation, who has the political aspirations, who has the name that they want in the dirt. Isn't that cosmic? It's truthfully, it's truthfully insane that there's anybody out there that believes a word of this garbage. But there are people who hate Conor and they'll hate him no matter what. And they already have decided he's a bad person. They already hate him. And it's that until proven guilty does not cross their mind, the fact that this woman might be lying isn't even of interest to them. If you could, if God himself came down and told these people that the woman was lying, they would still say Conor's the rapist because they don't care. They simply have a personal vendetta against him that I'm not interested in the truth. And the MSM is exactly the same. Look at this headline. One win several civil rape case against Conor McGregor.  He wasn't found guilty of rape. He was found guilty of some form of assault and had to give her some money. The rape, he wasn't even found guilty of, but they say the word rape to slander his name as much as humanly possible. And if you're a man watching this, you don't have to like Connor. You don't have to be a fan of Connor. You don't have to agree with everything Connor has ever done. You don't have to sit here and be a Connor number one supporter. You have to understand that they can do this to anybody. No man is safe anymore. And as men, we need to band together and make it clear that if women are going to continue to lie about us in a court, every single time you have consensual sex women are going to lie, don't we as men as adults, as individuals, as tax paying citizens deserve innocent until proven guilty? Forget man woman. Doesn't every human have the human right of innocent until proven guilty in a fair trial? And when I say fair trial, I mean, you do not give the benefit of the doubt to this person just because she's a woman. You do not give the benefit of...  the doubt to her, just because Connor is a fighter who drinks out all and enjoys his life. You don't give the benefit of the doubt to these people because they have the MSM on their side. It should be a fair trial and in a fair trial, how can, logically, as my brother just explained, a woman get raped once, go into another hotel room, cry rape again, be found to be lying about the second rape and be 100% believed about her version of events for the first incidents, especially when there is video counteracting her version of events. Videos never lie and I have a feeling in the coming days, new video is going to appear. Yes. I have a strong suspicion that video is going to appear showing exactly how dangerous people like her are and she is dangerous because the system has weaponized women like her. Automate something clear to you guys at home, in case you don't know how this works. The system weaponizes the psychopathic women against men with...  political ambitions, any man who's at any kind of sexual history, they will call all 200 women you've ever slept with and they will find one who wants a payday. It's not hard. Please understand, 20% of women are clinically depressed. 50% of the women you've ever slept with in your life are broke. 30% of them are on some kind of mental illness drug, anxiety medication or depression medication or Xanax. 30% of them are stiff and cocaine every weekend. These people will literally do anything for a part of money and if the police call 200 of them and promise them, they get a free shot at a multi-millionaire with no repercussion for losing, no repercussions for lying. They have nothing to lose. It's a free lottery ticket, a free coin flip. Do you think the system cannot always find someone to stand against a man who they're trying to damage to prevent their political aspirations? They can find somebody to step up and attack anyone.  they want. That is why they do it. Let's do some statistical analysis here. We're going to get back to Connor in a second. But how old is Donald Trump? 78 years old? He's old. He's been around. Right? Now he used to own the Miss Universe pageant. He was arguably the most famous billionaire in the world for a long time. He was the number one in New York's, uh, in New York's, uh, I guess lifestyle scene for 10, 15 years. Everyone wanted to be him. Everyone wanted to be around him. I'm not trying to bring up any smoke on Donald Trump. But how many women would I guess Donald Trump has had sex with in his life? 100, 300, 500, 800. Any possible answer is could be true. I don't know his sexual history, but it's definitely more than a few. He's Donald Trump. World's most famous billionaire. Every single woman he's married is a former model. He's been around and every woman wanted to be around this man. Now Donald Trump, if you don't know this, was found in a civil court of course, civil, always money because the burden of proof.  his lower. Was found guilty of raping somebody. So of the thousands of women he's met, all the women who've defended him. Every single woman who said it was consensual Donald Trump's to man. I had a wonderful evening and a wonderful time. He was a perfect gentleman. One woman who is visibly, visibly, mentally handicapped. There is something wrong with this person. Can we get a picture of this person? There is something physically and mentally wrong with this person. You can see it from a still photograph years of drugs, maybe homelessness, heroin addiction, her career as a model fell off, definitely on prescription meds, definitely on a bunch of antidepressants, definitely votes Democrat, definitely a big fan of the Biden's and everyone else who hates to see the man that slipped through her fingers as she went to as he went on to marry Melania and Ivanka and all these beautiful women who he had big families with. The man who slipped through her fingers is now the most powerful man in the world and she gets a free boost at fame.  money, clout, being a superstar one last time, even though she looks like a decrepit old skeleton, the hundreds of thousands of women that Donald Trump may have stuck with, they found one. And they found him guilty. Isn't that insane? Can we get a picture of this lunatic, please? Just please load up a picture to demonstrate what I mean. I have members of my family with various handicaps, you know, with various mental illnesses, you can see from a photograph alone. This person has something wrong with them. I would bet my entire net worth that this person has something mentally wrong with them. Let's get the picture up on screen. This is the person who Donald Trump, who's most famous and handsome billionaire, was found guilty of raping in an event that she doesn't recall the events. She doesn't remember when. She doesn't remember the day he just did. They found him guilty.  Corruption, fake, corruption, scandalous, disgusting. She belongs in jail. And he owes her 450 million dollars. Something stupid. Yeah, billions. He owes a load. I'm sure that had nothing to do with his presidential passport. Oh, I'm sure it would have happened anyway. Of course. I'm sure it was going to happen on that day anyway if Donald Trump had just, you know, stayed on the apprentice saying you're fired to people. I'm sure. Gentlemen, we all see through this garbage now. But, unless enough of us are prepared to take the risk of standing up. And the reason no one stands up is because if you defend somebody going through this, they say you're defending a rapist. You know what? I don't give a shit what these decayed liberals say about me. I am over their crap. I don't believe the MSM. I don't believe these liberals. I understand how corrupt judicial systems are. Oh, you believe the judge. Do you? You think the judge, Matt? It is all garbage. Until we start standing up and defending men who are going through this, this will not end. And you know what?  What's the saying? First they went for the famous man and I didn't say anything because I wasn't famous and they're over the rich man I said nothing because I was in the game for me. They were doing enough to stand up. That's why I have vowed you know what all of my wonderful Exorcism message to all of my wonderful Exorcist every single model whoever worked at my webcam studio all of my ex-girlfriends Why good relationships with they all got questioned by the police all of them and they all had this opportunity to take a shot of me to say yes Trusted in something wrong to me because it's a free lottery ticket. It's free money I actually want to say I was falsely accused by two lunatics who will be Financially bankrupt and in jail themselves hopefully within the next 24 months however every single woman Who just said it to stand up for me and tell the truth and decline the opportunity to lie about me and to say that I commit any type of assault Well, you know, I'm glad I met you and you're all absolutely wonderful But let me tell you something if these women had taken a different stance if these women had decided you don't want I'm just gonna lie about Trusted  because it's a free payday, then you too would be facing financial bankruptcy and jail because I have the resources to stand up for what's right and to fight my case to the bitter end. I don't care how it takes me 10 years. Anyone who decides to falsely accuse me is in trouble because the law works very, very slowly but the truth eventually comes to the surface. And there will be a day when that lunatic who picture we just showed there is going to confess in some book or some memoir that political pressure from ex person or why person may her say what she said. I guarantee it. You could bookmark this post. This is one more quick breakdown of the corner case and Keith was spreading it down. So my personal opinion is that there's very little that makes sense about this case. And I was very shocked at the guilty verdict. The accused of first proposition of rights, sent him suggested to pictures of a social media and volunteering to go to the hotel. Despite this, she claims she had no desire to...  sleep with him. Like that makes sense. If it doesn't make sense, it's not true. It's not true. Everyone who's ever sent me provocative pictures and then shut up in my hotel room. What is it? It was down. Every time. I mean, she never got there and said interested. Let's discuss business metrics. She left her boyfriend, Gocee McGregor, a part of a multi-day bender, a lighting about where she was. CCTV showed her kissing and touching both McGregor and his friend after McGregor was alleged to a drapeder. In fact, she saved for hours, parrying and drinking after the alleged assault. She alleged he put her in a chokehold and told her, now you know how I felt and the octagon right. Taped out. Positive. Positive. Positive. Positive. Positive. You love positive. Yeah. We're a fighter. You pride yourself for being a fighter, right? Yeah. Never once had what I say to even a man. This guy punched a man in the face. Now you know how I felt during my European title.  knock down. That's not how fighters talk. No fire in the world, even those who hate the Buckebalson people. That is the kind of thing a woman makes up. That is the kind of thing that you will say to a juror to make the jury think he's an angry, insecure fighter for losing those fights. He took it out on this poor woman. It's clearly a work of fiction. Clearly, complete fantasy. A couple in the bedroom next door testified against her. They never saw or heard any signs of the soul. One of the one of these people that testified was her own friend and work colleague, color a liar, her own friend. One of those people testified that he slept with the woman. She denied this, but after it was seemingly shown on CCTV footage, shown her all over an after the assault, she also sued this man for sexual assault despite having no claim of, despite claiming to have no regulation of meeting him. But it was not not guilty about the jury. This woman is just a serial liar who will accuse him.  We don't want to think about all of these stars. You know the white nights liberal pussy's don't know women Don't get women the male Famous fat Pornatics Yeah, who are they Are they A macular man who their only interaction women are when they pay to speak to all our fans? That's right. Yeah, okay those guys yeah Amy man who's been around women long enough or has been with enough women or suck with enough women or any man who's been successful No, women and if you know women you know they fly They f***ing lie they will not take account ability for anything that happens to them It's always someone else's fault and they will lie to pretend they are a victim. They do it with everything It is their defense mechanism A man takes accountability for what goes wrong because that allows us to be competitive in the world This went wrong. It's my fault a woman doesn't a woman says this went wrong It's not my fault to protect herself. You can do a very simple experiment get a thousand girls in a room and say Who's ever crashed their car and 900 of them will put their hands up?  And then say put your hand up if it wasn't your fault all of them will pretend it wasn't their fault Oh, but this guy just popped out. Oh, but no the car didn't break. Oh, but it was snowing Yeah, it was snowing. It's still your fault. Yeah, nothing is their fault in their mind any man who knows women knows women Lie and then to come along with the lie that he told me I was Kabeeb shut the fuck up. You're lying. You are lying you are lying unbelievable you are lying and I want to make something very clear I have never met Conor McGregor nor have I ever spoken to him I don't know Conor McGregor's character, but I know bullshit when I see it I've been around and I know bullshit when I see it and you know what's funny If Conor McGregor rightfully wins this appeal with the evidence of the videos he's gonna show proving that this woman is a liar If he wins his appeal and it says well, he's not guilty. Everyone's gonna come out of the woodwork  Just like they did when Johnny Depp was found out guilty and say Amber herds an animal, Amber herds horrible, Amber herds abuse this poor man, Connor herds take advantage. Connor, don't forgive the people who don't stand up for you. Don't forgive the people then who won't open their mouths now. We know bullshit when we see it. We have been victims of similar bullshit. And when we're exonerated, all the people, Oh yeah, I gotta come out and work with America's false accuser. This false accuser, they're gonna have her name and face everywhere. This false accuser makes rape victims not believe so much. She's a danger. I've been in jail for three months. I've been arrested for two years already. Like I can't wait for the apology tour, but I'm not gonna remember any of you. Only the people who had my back when it was going on. Absolutely. So here she is here and here's a woman saying the right thing. She actually says something very smart here. She says the key to hand is not a hero. As a woman, you take responsibility for your actions, regretting that you cheated on your boyfriend, does not make Connor a rapist. She got wasted. She went with...  Conor McGregor to a hotel room. After she left, she texted her boyfriend that she's enjoying herself. She then went on to kiss and hug McGregor's friend and slept with him. Moments after the alleged rape. She couldn't even remember that she slept with James Lawrence. He informed the police they slept together and she immediately tried to sue him too. This woman is f***ing psycho. Look at her face. She's a demon and the system has weaponized. The system weaponizes these psychopathic women against men is not fair. It is not fair. All men deserve a fair trial based on evidence. They should not take the whims and the lies of women. Give them the benefit of the adult and weaponize the system against men. And let me just say something. Feelings and regrets and are not evidence. They are no evidence because nobody knows what happened in that hotel room. Your regrets are no evidence. You kissing and hugging him afterwards. That's evidence. Oh, no. How do you feel?  Grats changing your mind is an evidence, but you kissing and hugging him on video is evidence. You feeling regret because your boyfriend found out isn't evidence. Your feelings are not evidence of anything. But then Tristan, if you and I are just crazy conspiracy theorists, why would they possibly do this to Conor McGregor? Hmm, let me think. Conor McGregor. So as president, I hold the power to summon the dial as well as dissolve it. So as I said before, I would have answers to the people of Ireland. I'd seek answers from the thieves of the working man, the disruptors of the family unit, these destructors of small businesses and on and on and on. These charlatans and their positions of power would be summoned to answer to the people of Ireland. And I would have it done by day and I'd be left with no choice but to deserve the dial. Is it called dial? What is it? It's the parliament. Yeah. And entirely, stop the train until the people of Ireland deserve the answers they seek. Point blank. This would be my power as president. 2025 is coming. Oh, interesting. So it wants to hold the...  corrupt politicians of Ireland accountable. So Ireland's most famous current sporting hero who has the hearts and the minds of the people has political ambitions, it's a shame he's a rapist. Oh, they all let him say rapist. They got to fix the corruption. Let's just elect the corrupt politicians again who steal from us, but aren't rapists because Conifer Gregor, sorry he's a rapist and we can't elect him. If only he wasn't a rapist, he could have stopped all of this in Sammy and Ireland like the migrant invasion, like all of the money being stolen, but he's a rapist. What a terrible coincidence. So now the politicians could continue to destroy the country. Let me give you a message, Conifer Gregor. Do not stop in your political ambitions because they tried the same shit with Trump and he was found civilly liable for rape and the world is waking up. The world is getting smarter. Trump was elected because millions of women voted for him because hardworking women are the ones most insulted by this. Hardworking women.  career women the women who are actually lawyers and judges and worked their whole life to get ahead and to To make a career and to make something of their own name should be very ashamed that there is a cohort within your own Gender faction that things you know what I'm not gonna bother with any of that I'm just gonna send me a picture system dude on Instagram until he takes me to his hotel room And don't have sex with him I'm gonna false you a kiss him of rape Johnny Depp was dragged worse than Conor McGregor Johnny Depp Pirates of the Caribbean everyone loves and Captain Jack Sparrow was called the worst shit in the world I saw it myself and now Everyone knows that Amber hern is a lying. That's right once the media gets hold of it That's all they care about three years they call us human traffickers You know they haven't even gone to trial in fact the judge said there's no evidence the judge is calling us a human trafficker for three years The judge threw all the evidence away and said it was well So you have to understand this evidence is irregular and illegal which means invented by Romania fake invented that's what they  They can't say it's fake, but that's what irregular and illegal means. If there's evidence, I human traffic someone, why would it be illegal? Why would it be irregular? Doesn't make sense? Fake evidence. And the judge has just found it to be fake. I'm on my way out of this shit and I can't wait for the apology tour. Unbelievable. They, you know what's really amazing to me though? Tell me. They used a fake rape claim. Yes. To get a song. Julian Assange. He said to hide in the embassy and then go to Belmarsch for 12 years. Yep. And then they said, okay, it's fine now. Where's the woman he raped? Well, happened to her. Where is she? Where is this rape? Is it never a... Tristan, are you telling me that the nefarious people in charge of our governments who are afraid to have the bandwagon of stealing end, who will send millions of young men to die for no reason other than their own bank balances, who inflate the currency, who steal from the population? Are you telling me that...  these people as heinous as they are would also use fake rape claims to stop people from damaging their political ambitions. Are you trying to say as a crazy conspiracy theorist that they made up the claim against the Saj purely to stop him running WikiLeaks and the second they did a deal with him, the rape claim went away because it was all imaginary in the first place. I don't know. I find it very hard to believe that satanic child rape as pedophiles would lie about this kind of thing. That's crazy. I mean, the satanic child rape and pedophiles and charge of Ireland currently which are destroying the culture and replacing the population. They would never lie about quantum regretter being raped because they'll stop him becoming present. I mean, they have some lines. Of course not. I mean, that's out of the question. I mean, these people, they've never know that far, is not like they're trying to start World War III in Ukraine for no reason. They clearly care loads about human life. They wouldn't ruin quantum regretter's reputation just to save themselves. Of course not. Of course not. Unthinkable. And this woman's clearly mentally balanced. Unreal. These are the same thing to try.  same thing to a sange. They've done it to nearly every man who gets in their way. I mean, this Russell brand was there here. A Russell brand was a lefty. One of them, you know, cheering on for the Hillary Clinton's of the world. He was a full lefty. Everyone loved him. Everyone loved him. He came to Christ, became a Christian. He settled down. Wife, kids, everything's going well for the man. But he's talking about those vaccines. Oh, he talked about the war in Ukraine. Talking about COVID. You know, I did into, I was listening to his opinions about COVID. The war in Ukraine. I was, hmm, Russell, this is very interesting. You might be a rapist. I was taking it in. I did. I found out he's a rapist. So the vaccine must work. They must work. Because rapists say it doesn't work. Um, you know what? I would have taken the jail. I would have believed him about vaccine. Yes. And word war three. If he hadn't raped people, if he wasn't a rapist, but he's a weighted. Yeah. Yeah. And I would have wanted corner to fix Ireland. I said shame. It's a shame. And Trump would be.  the best president but he's a rapist. And Assange, he's telling the truth and he's telling every, oh, by Jesus rapist. He's a rapist. But Andrew Tristay, we definitely human-trapped people. Of course, of course. I mean, obviously, I've seen the pattern here. We, exceptions, don't disprove the rule. We are clearly guilty. It's just what, it seems like all these powerful men are prepared to do the right thing for the people. If only they weren't rapists. I know. What is it about being a good person wants to do the right thing for his country for other people that makes you want to rape? You must just compensate your sadistic rapist feelings with trying to help other people. We ask running a charity, speaking the truth to power. It must just us be compensating for all the raping we've always done. You know what's really funny? None of this is funny. None of it's funny. It's actually, we make a joke a bit. It's fucking. This is fucking disgusting. It's sad. If this happened to most men, they fucking kill themselves. I've been through the fucking ringer. Let me tell you something. Most men would...  kill themselves. Conor McGregor is a mentally strong person. Obviously he has to be to get to where he got to. And I know who'll make it through this. And I just fucking pray for his exoneration. I pray for his exoneration. And I hope that this woman finds herself in jail, a decade of jail. And Connor, keep your head up champ. Because all the people who are buying her bandwagon bullshit are people who hated you anyway. Yeah. And they'd hate you no matter, you could cure cancer tomorrow. And they'd hate you. You've lost zero fans. You've lost zero true fans. Everyone with a brain knows.