You guys will say it's never a failure, it's always a lesson when you didn't even fucking try. That's wrong. That's a failure. But if you absolutely try your best, then it is a lesson. And there are benefits. Right? It's like going for a PB in the gym. You may not get the PB, but your muscles get stronger because you tried so hard. That's how every single task should be approached. I'm trying to lift as much as possible. Perhaps I failed. But because I tried so hard and I strained so hard, my muscles ache and I got stronger anyway. Meaning I did not fail at the task of becoming stronger. There were tangible benefits to my effort in and of itself. But I think life is actually pretty simple. There's action and reaction. There's cause and effect. There's brave people and there's cowards. A lot of people are self-interested. And if you understand the basis of these motivations, it's not difficult to work out why the world functions the way it does. And cause and effect and action and reaction are very real. And I think  One of the largest plagues we have in the world today is a lack of action amongst people and deciding not to act is an action in and of itself. Right. And that's the only philosophy you need for life. If you want something to move, you have to move it. If you sit and wait for somebody else to move it, you're a coward. You're just hoping it's going to happen. Period. Absolutely. What's really scary is this. I'm 37. I grew up on a council estate. I was broke for most of my life. I made all my money myself. And even I have disdain for the poor because I look at them and go, you didn't try at all. I did it with all of the pain I went through and all the problems I had while also fighting and becoming a kickboxing world champion. I still managed to do it. You started out higher bracket than me. You started from a middle income home. Your dad was, you had food. I didn't have food. And I was a world champion. How did you fail so massively? And I look at them and just think of them as you're an idiot.  I feel that. Imagine how the elites look at us. Imagine you're born into a lineage, a bloodline that had been in charge of the banks forever. Imagine how you view poor people. You think you'd give a shit whether they live or die? I'm talking about someone who's only been rich for 10 years. And when someone comes and complains to me about being broke, I'm like, oh, you're a dummy. You didn't even try. So imagine you were born filthy rich and your family's always been rich, and you're told about how your family's always controlled everything because you're smarter than everybody else. Imagine how much disdain the elites truly have for the common man. And I'm talking as a common man who made a little bit of money. You have to get competence, and competence is gonna allow you to have confidence. You're not gonna be good at shit if you're bad at shit. You have to be good at things. You're only gonna be confident at things if you're good at things. I know what I'm good at and what I'm bad at. So you have to go out there and take risks, and you have to make mistakes, and you have to risk it all. If I say something, I stick to it. I believe that your word is your bond, and you should stick to everything you say. So for me, the simple.  this life hack is to make sure I never see myself as a liar. If I say something, I'm going to do it. So if I say I'm going to run a marathon, I now have the energy to run the marathon because I don't want to bring my word to myself, which the hack to that is I don't need the energy to run the marathon. I need the energy to say I'll run a marathon, which is a lot less. But once I've said it, I have to do it. Does that make sense? So if I look at something, I don't want to do it. And I think that looks too hard to do. I'll tell Tristan or I'll tell someone close to me, I'm going to do it. So now I have to do it. That's how I'll do things. So I'll take a very simple example. There's 10 rocks to move and I don't want to move them. They're too heavy. But if I say to someone, I can move all those rocks, I'm going to move all those rocks now I have to move them. Otherwise I'm a liar, especially. And that's also easy because of my social circle, because they'll call me out on it. You said you were going to move those rocks. So now I have to do it. So I don't need the energy to get the work done. I need the energy to tell people I'm going to do the work and I have to keep my word to myself, which maybe some people find strange, but I think it's a pretty simple. You have to build trust with yourself.  Once you trust yourself, you can do the things you say. Absolutely. You have to be the kind of person who doesn't lie to anybody, including yourself, especially yourself. Don't lie to yourself ever. Just be brutally honest with yourself all the time. Otherwise, you're not going to be able to make the correct move on the chessboard. If you think you're better than you are or worse than you are, you're going to make mistakes. You need to know exactly where you are and all of your capabilities, which once again, is feedback. We said before, lazy people will work a little bit and go, oh, bro, I just can't catch a break. Whereas people who are genuinely winners work all the time and still feel like they're not working hard enough. So I can always tell by somebody's mindset very early on if they're going to make it or not. The universe is extremely giving. The only way you can succeed in life as a man is if you take absolute responsibility for everything all of the time. You have to sit there and say every single thing that happens in my life is my fault, even if it feels like it's not. My life is just work, but that's boring, right? But that's the truth about it. I'm on my laptop all day every day. I have 18 hours a day of screen time. I'm either training or I'm working. Do I know some women? Yes, of course. Do I have some fancy cars to drive? Yes. Can I go to the auto restaurant?  Yes, but the majority of the time all I do is work because that's why I enjoy to do I don't think most things outside of work are as entertaining as the work itself. That's why I'm successful But disciplines a key component. There's no other way out. There is no other way out. That is it It's something you have to do and you're gonna have to do things You don't want to do on time every single day or you're gonna suffer the consequence. That's how life works I want you to understand how my mind works. My core principle is endless work endless attack and assault That is how you win in the end. You never give up and you endlessly Persevere it's hard to destroy the man who endlessly perseveres perseverance is the key God rewards men who attack the world you have to go and get things you have to show that you deserve them Even in mating men go get the woman Men go get money men go take land men go we go and have  happen to the world. The world doesn't happen to us. That's extremely feminine. And you should be very careful when you talk in general, especially around women talking about things happening to you. So I could say to a woman, ah, the Romanians locked me up and put me in jail and took all my cars. That's gay. Instead, I say, I told the truth against the matrix and they feared me. So they counterattacked. I did it to them. They didn't do shit to me. I did it to them. And they counterattacked. And when they counterattacked, I used as an opportunity to do more pushups than ever before. I've never done so many daily pushups in jail. And I became a more formidable opponent. I became a better version of myself. So who won? Who really won? Did the state win? I'm still breathing.  I'm still renowned. I'm still alive. Who won here? I won. I got to explore a brand new level of the map. I got a brand new experience. I got to build further on my mental fortitude. Where's the loss? What did I lose? Some money? These things don't matter. What do you what do you what advice do you have for people that deal with anxiety and they deal with like depression and they doubt themselves? If you're going to doubt yourself, I mean, I understand why a lot of people doubt themselves. A lot of people doubt themselves because they're incompetent. You'd have to be a megalomaniac to not doubt yourself if you're an incompetent individual, right? If you're an idiot or you're crap or you're shit at things, of course you're going to doubt yourself because you should because you fail all the time. The only way you're going to start to not doubt yourself is if you show some competence.  competent individual and perpetually succeed as I do. I don't doubt myself because I never fail. So why would I doubt myself when I've never failed? Whereas if all I did was fail all of the time, of course I'm going to doubt myself. So your mentality is heavily linked to your reality. And the fact that most people have such weak mindsets comes from the fact that they have a weak life, a weak body, a weak social circle, a weak network, a weak bank account, a weak relationship, and then their mind is weak. Well, of course, if you had a group of soldiers around you, men who were dedicated, who would ride or die with you, if you were strong, if your woman would never leave you no matter what, because she idolizes you, then your mentality would be strong. Your mind would be strong by extension. So someone comes to me and goes, I doubt myself. I usually look at them and go, yeah, I understand why you're a little fat piece of shit and you're stupid. Of course you do. If I was you, I doubt myself, too. I haven't missed a day of work in 10 years. I've never had a day off. Maybe I've had days I've gone driving.  in the super cars and I've only done two hours work instead of eight hours. I've never had a day where I thought, fuck it, I'm not going to work. Never once ever. My screen time on my phone is nine hours a day every fucking day. I do not miss a day of work ever. If I'm the most viral Google man on the earth, it does not change a fucking thing. I am working. Earth must be conquered. The matrix must be attacked and shattered. I do not stop. I will not quit. I will not surrender. I am not that person. I have zero interest in rest or risk fight. It's bullshit for cowards. Even the idea of resting aggravates my mind. Yeah, we blamed ourselves for absolutely everything that happened to us because my mind's an absolute monarchy. This is my world. So I'm responsible for everything, both the good and the bad. Isn't it beautiful for a man to turn up, try his absolute best or otherwise attempts to try his best and be completely responsible for the results to get the benefits of a positive result and all of the negatives of a less than perfect result. There is nothing better as a man than to turn up and get.  a fair shot. That's exactly what you should want. You should want as a man to be judged for who you are and what you're capable of with no sugarcoating, no positive spin because you know somebody you want to just say here's who I am. This is what I can do. Give me a fair chance. People often say if you try your best, it's okay to fail. But what they don't understand the true secret to the universe is that if you try your best, you never fail. Yeah. That's what people don't understand. And most people aren't trying. They aren't trying. They don't know what trying is. In fact, that's probably one of the things I hear the most. I used to hear the most because I don't talk to people anymore because they all annoy me. I was, oh, I'm trying. No, you're not. You don't know what trying is. No, you are not trying. I know you're not trying. I know because as we sat here before we went to speak, you weren't on your phone working. You weren't trying. You were standing around talking shit to some idiot. You're not trying. People are genuinely.  not out here giving their absolute best because if you were you'd have everything you've ever desired you'd have anything you've ever wanted and asked for instead what people do is they cope and convince themselves they're trying oh i tried but i need a work-life balance and it's hard and i was trying all garbage all coke and like i said earlier life is war if you're a man and you don't view the world as war i can't imagine how you view the world my entire worldview is war there's a common thread there and there's a common thread which is if you're disciplined and you have willpower that can be applied to absolutely anything right if you have unlimited willpower and you can always open up a can and smear it on to whatever you're doing you're going to do well so i had willpower when i was playing chess i had willpower when i was kickboxing to make sure i trained as hard as humanly possible to become a four-time world champion it's all about self-control and self-discipline and making sure that you are the center of your own universe and a lot of people agree with this and a lot of people say this and they go yeah yeah yeah but it's very rare to meet  someone who's serious about it in my experience. If you're truly serious about brute willpower, you could achieve anything. Like you could do absolutely anything. That's what it's all about. So I've just had the same universal stubbornness and refusal to fail and anything I've ever applied to, I've done very well with for that reason. Email me their long lists of all the bad things that happen to them and I reply, fantastic. You are so lucky. You have all the building blocks to become the exact kind of man you wanna be. None of this shit happened to you. When something else bad happens to you later, you wouldn't be able to deal with it. Fantastic. He goes, no, but you know, this, this, he replied again with more excuses. He said, why are you making excuses? I just told you what happened to you is a good thing. You need to reframe your mind. Bad things happened to Batman. They killed his parents. Do you understand? That's why he's Batman. You've just told me you have the building blocks to become the most, you might become top G with our attire. Fantastic. What are you complaining about? He goes, well, what do I do? I said, you need to work. And this is the beauty of life as a man. There's nothing better.  blaming yourself for absolutely everything that's ever happened to you, waking up and realizing it was all your fault and you're the only one who can fix it. This is so applicable to nearly any problem in your life. So you have to understand that the primary objective of nearly all propaganda in the world today is to dullen your sword, is to destroy the masculine spirit. It's very important that they keep you afraid, weak and lazy. And that is why it is these exact tenets which are pushed all of the time. When's the last time you heard any therapist or anybody stand up and say, you need to fucking man up and just become a man, get some balls and get brave and do the right thing and work your ass off? Do you count as a therapist? Well, it's us. But we're considered enemies to the matrix for doing that. If I were to say you need more rest time, you need to you're suffering from burnout. Your addiction is a disease. You need to see a therapist.  pissed, you need to sleep, you know, that's all fine. The second I say no, stand up and man up. I'm considered dangerous to the establishment. And the reason I'm dangerous to the establishment is because of what I've just explained. They're trying very hard to keep you lazy. The beautiful thing about the period where I'm lazy is that I actually truthfully believe if you are not lazy and you pay attention and you get the right education, anybody can get rich. We actually have more social mobility than ever before, believe it or not, but they have this huge stranglehold on your balls because they've made all of you so lazy that you can't seem to find the energy required to break out from the atmosphere. And the reason nobody has discipline anymore is because it's not taught. Discipline isn't taught. And the idea of being disciplined is seen as negative. And we also live in a world where everything and everybody is vying for our attention. Everything.  There's ads everywhere. YouTube happens quickly. Kids are being raised with iPads. Like when I was a kid or you were a kid, we had a coloring book. Now they've got flashing lights and little video games. Like how do you think you're going to keep his attention as he grows old? He's been he's been entertained by some of the best software developers in the world permanently for since the second he could pick up an iPad. So your attention is very, very difficult. And that's what discipline is, really. It's the ability to stay focused on one thing for a long period of time. And I think most people don't realize how bad their attention span is or how much discipline they lack until they really start to suffer from it. And that's what will happen, especially as a man. I can't say as a woman, because I'm not a woman. But as a man, if you don't have the ability to knuckle down and focus on something for a long time, life's going to punish you. Sooner or later, life's going to wake you up. You know, there are there is a huge percentage of the populace, which they're beyond saving because of the worst thing you can possibly be, which is a quitter being a quitter is.  worst thing you could possibly be. God himself can't make a quitter important because the only reason the place you're trying to get to has value is because it was difficult to reach. If everybody could reach it, there'd be no value. Value is linked to scarcity. The whole point goal is valuables because it's not everywhere. If it was everywhere, it wouldn't have any value. The reason the place you're trying to reach is valuable is because people can't get there. So if you're the kind of person who quips, you're never gonna get there. Quitters are the worst. You could give a quitter a map, a treasure map. And a hot air balloon and say, it's gonna take you right to the treasure. It's gonna be a seven day journey. Here's a sandwich. And halfway through the book, I'm cold. You just said that all seven days now. Yeah, they'll quit. Quitters will never make it. And there's a huge subsect of the populace who are basically simply quitters. I've never in my life seen anyone who's determined to get something, not get it. I've never seen somebody who is determined in their heart to get something, not get it. The universe and God is.  so giving and providing. People think it's difficult out here. I disagree. I've never seen someone wake up and say, nah, this is all I care about. This is all I want. Not get it. Everyone who thought that way in fighting was a world champion. Everyone who thought that way about money was rich. I've never seen anyone fail. Bro, I've seen people with no credit score and no job determined to get an R8, managed to get one on finance somehow. I've seen it. If it's all you want, you're gonna get it. You're gonna find a way to get it. You're gonna find a way. People go, oh, I want this. If you wanted it, you'd have it. I spoke to a man who had done a podcast recently and he was saying, if someone had gone to your children's head and said to you, the only way I'm gonna move this gun is by you making a million dollars, you are gonna make a million quick. 100%. You're gonna be motivated for the first time in your life. The only shortcut to life is to never miss a day because sometimes you get lucky and you'll never miss a lucky day if you try every day because when you've come from the absolute bottom to the absolute top and you've done it all off of your own back and hard work and dedication and never miss.  a day. One, because of compounding interest. And two, if you don't try every day, you might miss your lucky day. And that's what people don't understand. If you never miss a day and you never don't try and you're always on time, was I late today? No. On time. And you try and improve every aspect of your life and you're a professional and you try and make sure that you analyze your decisions, you give yourself feedback, you don't make mistakes, you're not lazy. If you try and you make it to the top, because you look at the people down below and you're like, well, why didn't you try? I did. Oh, I did too. No, you didn't. That's a lie. Now you're lying to me and that annoys you. This is a fucking Psy-op. This is the biggest Psy-op that needs to be addressed in the modern world today. There are full grown men waking up talking about talking about, oh, you know, I just feel a bit down. You're not a fucking girl and you're not a kid. You mean what do you mean you feel down? You're not in a trench in Ukraine. What do you mean you feel down? Name a period of human history where men were ever happy. Ever.  You're either in a field plowing in a field getting shot marching at cannon Sitting home hoping the barbarian hordes don't arrive on horseback to decapitate your fucking wife What have men ever been happy ever it's easier than it's ever been yeah It's easier than it's ever been you haven't even got a war all you have to do is wake up Don't be a dipshit find some money buy a half nice car get half nice apartment, then you can fuck endlessly You're still not happy Well, then you're an idiot. So you think it's about perspective I think it's about a bunch of selfish losers who are having the fem centric psi op permanently ingrained inside of their minds of this endless chase for Giddish-childish happiness our brother have another thing we do we do this all the time if either of us are ever complaining by anything We say we have this we shut each other up I'm saying what do you do you want therapy if you don't therapy what you talking about it for sure and the the main reason People complain about things is to get a dopamine rush, right? I'm unhappy, but if I sit there and I complain about it and you give me a little bit simple  I feel better. Yeah, right. Do you get dopamine? That's why they're complaining for dopamine if someone comes to me and complains about something It the best thing I can do for them because I'm a philanthropic nice man because I'm mr. Nice It's time to get fucked. I don't care. Shut up guys You have to get you have to try every absolutely everything is on your back Absolutely Everything is your fault care about your own life care about the people around you and realize that you have absolutely no Capability as a man that nobody's gonna ever love you and your love means nothing There's no point in you loving anybody if you cannot help them There's no point in you loving anybody if you cannot take care of them when they need you your love means nothing if you're useless And you're not gonna have much love in your life if you're useless So it's very important as a man you blame yourself for absolutely everything and you get it done. It's ungrateful to the universe It's ungrateful to God himself to waste what he gives you you want to talk about how you end up lucky and I would argue That I'm a very lucky person, you know on a long enough time frame. I can't think of a single time I've ever lost It may look like I'm gonna lose but in the end I always seem to win you're not a quitter at all, bro I'm not a quitter  I'm a fucking fighter. I will squirm to the last second. You may, you may try and strangle me. I am fighting to the last second. I have a lot of people who are constantly asking me similar sounding questions about some degree of doubt that they seem to have in their mind when it comes to their capabilities or their intentions. There's so many people who doubt themselves or doubt what they're capable of doing. And your mind at least needs to be an absolute monarch. God dislikes you because you're fucking lazy. Start to work, start to show God the beauty of his own creations. You'd be amazed how lucky you'll become. God is unhappy with these people. And inside their hearts, they're unhappy. We talk about depression, anxiety, all those things you mentioned in the earlier on this podcast that comes from self-loathing. You loathe your own weakness. You loathe your own laziness. This is what all of these things are. I don't feel depression. How can I feel depression when I'm the most powerful version of me that I could ever fucking be? How can I feel depression when I could squeeze my own hand hard?  enough to break my own bones. How can I feel depression when I've smashed and destroyed 68 people's faces in front of me? Men who thought they could test me in fair combat. How can I feel depressed? It's impossible to understand. Bro, you got like the best fucking mentality, like brain, like ethic I've ever seen in my fucking life. What the fuck? When I say brave, and this is a genuine question, when is the last time you made a brave decision? When's the last time you took a brave route and did a brave thing? And I want you to actually take a few seconds and ask yourself that question and answer it. Because if you're getting up and you're going to work and you're paying off your student loans and there's food in your fridge and you're paying your rent or paying your mortgage and you have a girlfriend and you go on the internet and you watch emergency meetings and that, where's the bravery in any of this? Where is bravery is a muscle like every other one that must be flexed and used to grow. When's the last time...  You did something brave and what was it? Answer me that because I guarantee there's 25,000 of you watching this if I were to ask you that question Most of you would struggle to answer it my brother and I can say the fact that we talk online even though we've been told Not to and we're in the middle of a judicial process is brave. I was a professional fighter, which is brave I race cars at least I mean there's danger in that I do things which have huge risk reward Yeah, it takes hard work. It also takes a degree of luck. Where does the luck come from comes from God? Who does God favor what makes God like you God likes you when you try There's nothing that's gonna piss God off more than wasting what he fucking gives you if you give someone a Ferrari and they look after It perfectly you're happy if you give someone a Ferrari and see it the next day. It's got cigarette butts It's treated like shit. Would you be happy you gave him a Ferrari? God gave you a consciousness He gave you a body. He gave you a mind and you're not even fucking using it You're crying over that bitch who left you you're not using it to be the best version of yourself You're not using it to get as rich and powerful as possible. You're not using it to change the world  You're not using it to protect those you love. You're not using it for anything. And you expect God to make you lucky? God only has so much luck to give out. Wouldn't he give it to his soldiers who dedicate themselves and try? Wouldn't he think, you know what? That Tate motherfucker, he's been through something and he will not quit and he will not stop. And he's never said he doesn't deserve it. He's never bitched. He's never moaned. He's never felt sorry for himself. He's never complained. He got up every day and worked. Let's give him some luck. What about this guy? Always crying, always has a problem, always feel sorry for himself, always needs motivation, never gets anything done. Everything's everyone else's fault. Does he deserve any of the luck I have in my pocket? The answer is fucking no. You make your own luck by dedicating yourself to the universe. There's nothing more beautiful than absolute accountability as a man. It's truthfully the most beautiful thing a man can experience and implement inside of his mind. Absolute accountability for all things, both the good and the bad, to blame absolutely everything on themselves. I promise you, if you  You stop making excuses, you stop waiting and praying for some kind of better future and you wake up every day and say, all of the good in my life is my fault and all of the bad in my life is my fault and I'm the only one who can fix this. It's never going to get better by itself. It's never going to be fixed by anyone else. It's never going to be easy. I have to win by force. I must force myself and my mind to brutally perform. There is a degree of comfort that comes when you understand that the power is within your own hands. And this is the life you want to live. But what I'm saying is I've never seen anybody do anything amazing by accident. So what this extrapolates out, let's use the gym and money. Have you ever found a guy in the gym who's in fantastic shape and you said, why are you in such good shape? How'd you get so big? And he goes, oops, just half. Don't know, Gene. Don't know. I feel like you're giving us a long answer for like hard work pays off. Well, no, but you have to know, you're not going to do it accidentally. You have to do the right things every single day. And it's the same with money, right? If I meet somebody and they're loaded, they're like, how'd you make so much money?  I did this I did that I spoke to this guy I started this company that it uh When you ask the average guy do you want to be rich? He goes? Yeah, how you gonna get rich? Don't know Yeah, of course. So you're just gonna how do you rich oops? This just like it's dumb shit like it's people people and it's kind of amazing The last five years approved it but the majority of people are just fucking sleepwalking, bro They have no plan to achieve any of their goals. They have no they don't try very hard at shit Everything is someone else's fault and when my ship comes in don't worry now in a few years. I'm gonna be here How you know just you know, you know, like this fucking amateurs. Why do you think they feel that way? Where's that people are taught that shit? They're just amateur our bullshit. They're not professional at life I ask a lot of people what they're doing to say locking in bro, and their version of locking in is just dumb shit Watching podcasts for hope rage posting on Twitter for hope it is best for you  to assume that you're fucked. Under that mental model, I can say to you, what the fuck are you going to do about it? And the only answer is work. Hope can destroy you. You're at the bottom of a well. And to save your manicure, you're praying someone's going to throw a rope down or a ladder because you don't want to scale the slimy walls and crawl out to salvation because of how difficult it's going to be. And you're sitting at the bottom thinking, a ladder is coming soon. I heard this rumor of this guy who has a ladder and he randomly puts it down wells and maybe he'll choose my one. So if I just sit around and wait, that is the wrong mentality. It will soon be nightfall. You will freeze. It will begin to rain and you will drown. You don't have time. The man with the ladder is coming.  then you're good anyway. If the ladder comes down the well when you're halfway up the wall, you're great. But you should begin to climb anyway. It is win-win. If you were to say to me, Andrew, you have to train a fighter, a boxer. Do you want somebody who has poor nutrition and poor sleep but endless fire inside of them, someone poor, or do you want somebody with a good bed and good food but lacks fire? Which one do you think is going to become a champion? Which boxers have become champion historically across time? Were they rich men? Were they from middle-class incomes? Or were they from the ghetto? Were they from the bottom? Nothing can overtake and nothing will surpass hunger and fire inside of you. It's easier for me to make a poor man and turn him into a rich person than it is for me to take a middle-class person and turn him into a rich person. People in the middle are the worst. You're the hardest to work with. If you're not going to try now, when you get to the bottom, you're going to be the worst.  to try. I mean, you should try every day anyway. But let's assume you're the kind of person who can't try every day, because you don't have that grit and consistency. If you're refusing to do the right things now, you would have never done the right things. And retrospectively identifying your failures and identifying how many right things you've missed out on is actually a form of hard cope. Oh, no, I just don't have the chances. You've had chances and wasted them. And you have another chance right now to do your rain dance. You have a chance. You're sitting here right now. During a chance you have a chance from God because you're breathing. You have a chance right now to get things done. Now you can retrospectively look back on this period of time and go Oh, yeah, I was young and energetic, but I wasted it. But if someone had just told me to try hard  at this, I would have managed. I'm telling you right now, but you're not going to do anything. And a man, if you're a full grown adult, should only ever ask for a fair shot. If I were to say to you, you can make $10 million if you dig a hole deeper than your competitor across the next 12 hours, you shouldn't be asking me for a special shovel. You shouldn't be asking me to cheat. You should say, is it going to be fair if he doesn't cheat and I don't cheat? I can beat him by sheer will because in a fair competition, quite often it is sheer will. It's the capability and ability to endlessly try, which will be the deciding factor. All you need to do is believe in yourself, believe in your capabilities, believe in your dedication and you will win. I would argue over knowledge, you want intention and work ethic. If you said to me, Andrew, we have to do something difficult, we have to become marine biologists. This person is already a marine biologist or has a good knowledge of marine biology, but it's not.  is overweight and lazy, this person knows nothing, but is a professional fighter and all he's ever known is hard work. I'd choose the hard worker. We can catch up on the knowledge. Over time, the hard work compounds. That's why I've never lost. I've launched companies I know nothing about. Elon has put rockets in space. He knew nothing about rockets, but he works hard. Hard work over knowledge in all ways, all the time. So when you find people who are not prepared to work hard, what does that say about them? Do you need them in your life at all, ever? Another great thing about creating your life and removing weak people is it raises the bare minimum standard of strength. Because you are the sum of the people you spend the most time with. And everything is an average. It's a medium. It's a mean. If you have 10 people, one of them is Andrew Tate, one of the strongest humans on the planet. And one of them is exceptionally weak. The average. The fifth person.  the mean perhaps is not that high. But if you have Andrew Tate and nine other killers around him, now the average is much higher and harder to achieve and maintain. I train so hard because the people around me train so hard. If I was living in a house with ten obese motherfuckers, I would feel better about not training as hard because I'm the best of that bunch. So it is a positive spiral, an upwards whirlwind. Everyone always talks about downward spirals in life and how easily it can all unravel. It can very easily all go right. It can upward spiral just the same. If you're prepared to work hard, never miss a chance. Pay attention, dedicate yourself, remove the weak people, train hard, listen, don't be arrogant, don't be lazy. You'd be amazed how easy it is to win in this world.  It's very easy to win. But instead you're sitting around talking to a bunch of lazy weak jackasses. And these people will never be there for you when it actually matters. I knew people who weren't that talented but they were just at the gym every day. They just ran further, they just trained harder, and they just ended up being world champion. That's how it is. You cannot beat consistency. The person who does what they're supposed to do day after day regardless of how they feel is going to be the person who wins. If you're the person who wakes up, does work, is fantastic at it, but then takes three days off, you're going to lose. They say that hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. And it's completely true. You have to be consistent. You have to decide. Are you the kind of person who wants to make a lot of money in this life and live a life of freedom? Or are you the kind of person who wants to look back when he's 30 on his 20s or 40 on his 30s and look at that decade and go, what did I do with that decade? Well, I didn't get rich.  I didn't travel the world and live like they do and take confidential. What did I do? Well, I had a day off here, a day off there, a bunch of nothing days amalgamated into this decade of nothingness. And you're just wasting your time. If you want to win, you need to be consistent. You don't need to be the smartest. Not at all. But you have to be the guy who's there day after day. And I guarantee you, I will guarantee you right now, IQ has nothing to do with how successful you'll be as a real world student. What is going to determine how successful you're going to be is are you there to be successful? And if you're not, you're not going to be successful. And if you're not, you're not going to be successful. And if you're not, you're not going to be successful. You know, life is actually very simple because it's a one move win. Imagine no matter what scenario you're in, you only had to do one thing. Imagine boxing and no matter what attack he threw at you, no matter how big and strong he was, no matter how tired you were, you didn't have to do any fancy combination. You didn't have to do any kind of clever footwork. You only had to do one thing.  had to do one move and you instantly and endlessly 100% of the time won and life is the same and that thing is get rich. You know, whenever I see an argument online about anything, my instant response is thank God I'm rich and if I am emotionally vested in that argument, if I am looking at that argument and believe the outcome genuinely matters and can affect my life, I'm only more motivated to get rich. If I look at an argument and say I really care about this time to get rich. Why? Well, there's two reasons reason. One is that wealth gives you power and allows you to move the needle because most of you do are not rich enough to move the needle in any significant way and to wealth also gives you ability to build your own reality. If you decided you wanted to live life amongst people with yellow hair only or blue hair.  only. You have two choices. You can rage post on Twitter and try and inspire a politician to pass a law that only allows blue haired people to live around you, even though it would not be in his own personal interest, which is basically impossible. Or you can get rich enough to just only exist and only be around blue haired people. Which of those two things is a more clever use of your time and energy? Because this is the work trap. We find ourselves falling into. You believe that the government is going to save you. You believe everything's going to be okay. You believe that rage posting on Twitter is somehow work and you're somehow affecting things. When truthfully you are wasting your time, focusing all that energy on getting as rich as possible is more likely to change your experience than rage posting. And you.  know this, but what you're trying to do is satisfy the part of your soul, which is telling you, you have to work and you have to resist enslavement. And I really mean that, like, I'm definitely not one of them airy, fairy hippie, believe in the secret kind of people. But I do know that if you wake up every day and look for the positives in the universe, you usually end up, you know, feeling more positive and doing more positive things and waking up and looking for the negative. And everything we said about mainstream media, they're only trying to show you the negative. They're only trying to piss you off. They're only trying to drag you down. They're not trying to say anything that makes you happy. So if you're to listen to that crap, at least be immune to most of it, you know, and you have to have your own internal clock, your own internal systems to make sure you stay on track. We had fire inside of us. And the second we got any kind of propulsion, any kind of momentum, we just shot straight to the fucking top in a few years. And a few years we went from absolute nothing to multimillionaires in like 16 months.  Because as soon as we got a bone like a dog on a sausage the second we smelt money We were all over it people in the middle. Oh, I'm gonna build my wealth in 22 years my well 22-fucking-years, that's how much time you have that's how much foods in your fridge you little bitch You're gonna sit around and just wait 22 years people. We don't people die in our world We don't have 22 fucking years. We have things to do. We have to go and get it We have hunger inside of us You are so lazy most of you have a plan to get rich in three years from now and that's fine You don't understand you can get rich in three weeks If you tried you watch every single show and you think you're doing something you don't take any fucking action You're still stuck in the middle like a dipshit I've you're truly heartbroken my friend and we've all been there as men if you're truly heartbroken You can't sleep that means you're gonna get fantastic shape you better hit the gym You have nothing else to do. Just stop watching YouTube. Stop emailing me I want pictures of you in the gym get the fucking work Heartbreaks a fantastic motorbaker as his depression as his sadness great Look at what's pissing you off make sure it never happens again if you were jacked and rich as fuck She probably wouldn't have left your ass  So get your shit together. Right? So this is so important. Trauma is such an important part of being a man. And the matrix talks of trying to say that trauma is terrible and avoid trauma or if you get trauma take a pill and that's unrealistic. Trauma is going to happen to you and you as a man need to internalize it, accept it and weaponize it and become the best version of yourself you can be. And that requires mental strength and stoicism. It does not require being more emotional. If you're more emotional you're going to fall apart when shit happens. Absolutely man. Like I see these people apologize and stuff. I'm like what are you doing? Why? My biggest ever outrage is when this was about four years ago is when I was still verified on Twitter before I got banned. And I said depression wasn't real. And I know that's like a really controversial take. And my point was very simple. My point is that depression is a natural instinct inside of men and it's something that is designed to show you that you need to change something about your life. You go to jail and you're depressed. It's not because you've caught depression.  It's because you're in jail. That this is why. So if you feel depressed, you need to wake up and go, well, why am I depressed? And how can I change this? I had people message me saying, you don't understand how it feels. I'm fat and I can't get a girlfriend because I'm depressed. I said, no, you're depressed because you're fat. You can't get a girlfriend. You got the wrong way around. You can't lose if you try your best. But you need to be mad enough to get up and do something about it. To sit there and cry your eyes out and figure you're taking a pill is garbage. And this is what the world wants. The world will tell you that, but it's not the reality. Everyone has the ability to be depressed if their life is shit. And everyone has the ability to be happy if they live the life they want to live. There are some famous people who say they're depressed because they may not be living the life they want. If you live the life you want to live, you're going to be a happy person. Depression is an evolutionary mindset we've evolved to stop us from living lives that are shit. Stop us from just sitting around doing nothing. And so you've got to get up and fight. People have lost their ability to fight, man. The only thing stopping you.  Is the trap of believing you're doing something? What puts you in a better position? Which is a better chess move? Because you only have one turn. You move the knight or you move the bishop. Which one are you gonna choose? You can't move both and if you want to win the game, although there may be merit to both, you have to choose the one which is most beneficial to your position as a whole. And that's the beautiful thing about life because the answer is nearly always the fucking same. Get rich, ignore the noise. Buckle down, ignore the noise. Lock in, focus, do important shit, ignore the noise and make sure you're doing things that actually matter. Because there's a huge work trap that's been set up. You're not working as hard as you think you are. If you're watching podcasts which are giving you hope that you've already  done enough work. That's what you're doing. You're hoping someone is going to say to you that you've already done enough. Your future is the result of your daily actions. You're defined by what you do today. Lazy now, loser later, get to work. Now, what have you done today which is going to positively affect the outcome of your future? How many of you at home have actively tried to network today? When have you sat and imagined your dream life? When have you self analyzed and self reflected and tried to work out where you've gone wrong to end up such a mediocre specimen of man? Why can't you go down and buy, why can't you go down to the dealer and buy a brand new Lamborghini right now? Why not? Is it a lack of money? Is it a lack of, what is it? Is it only money? Are you afraid if you buy when you get robbed? Are you a pussy? What is stopping you? Have you even thought about any of-  these things? Has it even crossed your mind? It's extremely important, gentlemen, that you understand the chessboard and understand exactly where you are so you can make changes. Most of you are not actively building a future. You're not actively trying to build the dream life that you want to have. And then you expect it to just appear. We understand intricately. We understand this viscerally. We understand that nothing is going to come to us unless we go out there and get it ourselves. And once you have that, you have endless motivation for all things. That is extremely important. Rain dances work. If you need it to rain, you shouldn't sit and pray. You shouldn't sit and hope. You shouldn't sit and complain that it's not raining. You shouldn't sit and wait. You should rain dance. Does a rain dance make clouds appear? No, but you should take action. Perhaps you're a rain dance.  although will not make clouds appear, will be viewed by a tribe high on the mountain far away and they'll look down seeing you rain dance and realize that you need water. And then maybe Providence and luck will have this tribesman appear with big barrels of water saying we think you might need water and we have some spare. If you didn't rain dance, they wouldn't know. They just see you sitting around being a mopey dipshit, crying his eyes out, giving himself a dry hand job. That's why it's so important to take action in all things. Action solves all. Raw action is the answer. How do I get out of jail? Push-ups. Why? I don't know. But as I said to my brother, there is a number of push-ups that I must complete and when that is done they'll say I can go home because I won't be here forever. There is a number of push-ups.  Once they are done, that cell door opens. I don't know what the number is. I don't know if it's a thousand. I don't know if it's a hundred thousand. This is why I was counting how many pushups I was doing. I don't know, but there's a certain number of pushups that I'm going to complete in jail. And once they're completed, the jail door opens. Therefore, I need to do as many pushups as possible all day and all night when I can't sleep until those pushups are complete. The more pushups I do, the sooner I'm out. That may not make sense to the layman. That may not make sense to the average person, but it made perfect sense to me. There's a certain number that must be completed. So let's get to work. Now you could sit and tell me that my pushups didn't get me out of jail. You could say my lawyer got me out of jail or that the judge let me out of jail or time let me out of jail. I'll sit here and say I was supposed to do X amount of thousand pushups and I completed And now I'm home.  a mindset. The only way you're going to have anything in this life is to wake up and to suffer the brutal realities of endless effort and to win by force. And that is the answer to 99% of your questions. That's the answer to how you get the girls you want. That's the answers to how you get rich. It's the answer to how you get in shape. It's the answer to how you become motivated. I can be motivated to do anything because I force myself. I can blink and cure my brain and be endlessly permanently motivated to achieve the most mundane and boring and insignificant of tasks because I have decided my mind is an absolute monarchy that I control that I rule. If I decide to become the world's fucking best at coin flipping, I will stand there and flip a coin so repeatedly over and over again until I am brutally. I'll become impressive at flipping a fucking coin. If that's what I've decided to do, you can't motivate yourself to even get in the gym and have a body people admire you for. You can't motivate yourself to be  sexually desirable and then you want to sit here and ask me questions about how you get a woman. You can't motivate yourself to get up and log in and dedicate yourself so you can finally have some money. The dream is not to have a Lambo. The dream is to have a mother who isn't worried about hospital bills. The dream is to be able to travel around the world because there's a place you want to see before you die. The dream is to not have that depression on a Sunday night because you have work on a Monday morning. The dream is to have a car that works and if it breaks down you can afford to pay it. That is the dream. And to achieve this dream you do not have to go and die in a ditch in Ukraine. You do not have to climb Mount Everest. You have to open up a laptop and type and you still fail. And then you want to sit there and ask me, oh, how come I don't have the motivation? You don't have the motivation to type on a keyboard to achieve your dreams and you think I can fix a fucking loser like you? A loser. What's the definition of a loser? I think the universe is absolutely and utterly giving.  I've never seen anybody dedicate themselves to something completely and fail. I've never seen somebody eat right, go to the gym every day, train really hard and not be in good shape. I've literally never seen it. The universe is extremely giving. If you actually try and you actually want it and you're actually not making excuses, lying, talking shit, you're going to get what you want. So when I see people who don't have what they want, I consider them losers. And this may be elitist. I understand that. But if I put myself through endless pain to end up where I am, it's very hard for me to have sympathy on the man who's afraid of pain. You're avoiding pain. I've been through endless. I now have everything I've ever desired. You have none of the things you desire. Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Because you took the easy way out. Am I supposed to look at you and go, oh, poor dude? No, you were a fucking coward. You didn't go through the shit I went through. You didn't put it on the line. So you deserve your substandard reality. That's what you deserve. You're a loser. Because if you act...  wanted it and you actually tried, you'd have it. You could have anything you want. Universe is super giving. You want a fucking Ferrari, you can have it. You want that bitch, you can have her. You can have anything you want on the planet. There's not a girl I look at that I want that I can't have. Not one. That's my reality. There's not a car I can't have, there's not a house I can't buy. If I wanna go to a yacht, if I wanna go to Antarctica, there's nothing I can't have. Bam. Because I've decided to become this man. It's the same for absolutely every single one of you at home. If you want it, you can have it. If you're sitting there saying, oh, but I tried my best and I still didn't get it, you're lying. You didn't try your best. That is a fucking lie. The universe gives it to everybody who genuinely tries.