 Please be that OG setup Hello, Aiden black. It's your black You're literally black. Yeah, I know but let's let's we'll talk about you people in a minute Let's just calm down while I try and work this out I'm an old man or I know what are you like 30 49 this year? Exactly trying to work out how the hell are you for like 38? On Andrew type magic design 37 cameras by my design. Oh you turned 38 December first Damn the cameras are on I think you were we were like 35 when we met Yeah, that's the OG shut up always working out. Yes, do you hear me? Unfortunately  What the fuck is wrong with you? No, that camera, that one, stop moving it. What the fuck, dude? You'll... Ha ha ha! I'm back! Yeah! Coffee in a cigar and you're stupid at... Wait, hold on! Are you, are you fast asleep, Ramadan? Yeah, I am, but I am... I shouldn't be smoking to be honest with you. But... I'm at war, so I'm doing my best. Yeah, there you go. Try to flex on me, bro. Congrats, yeah, you have a better... Caught in here. Oh, is it? Yeah. Alright, let me take all my pants. Right, what were we complaining about? You doing lean or drugs or something? Look! Didn't we just have a conversation about this?  Satan. My chat told me to do it. Look, it's fake. Look, I swear, bro, my chat, my chat told me to do it. I didn't want to do it. They were telling me to do it. Didn't we just talk about this? It's fake balls. Like bro, Andrew, I'm sorry. My chat wanted me to do it. I'm putting it down. I'm putting the balls down. Sorry. Okay. So I'm going to ask you about very interesting topics and subjects in the world today. And you're going to give me your opinion. Okay. Okay. But if I don't know anything about it, because I am kind of like a little bit slow. I don't know if you're as I know, I'm just going to be like, I don't know anything enough about this topic. Because you know, I see a lot of stuff happen. I'll give my honest opinion and truth about a lot of stuff because people think I'm like, I work for like a lease, which I don't. So just go ahead and ask away. So what do you think about Swift planning to launch a new central bank digital currency platform in the next 12 to 24 months? I don't know what that is. I don't know what that means. And I don't know enough about that topic to speak on it.  So you don't know what CBDC is? Nope, I live in America, the United States of America. And what I do is we have like a Wells Fargo and like Bank of America out here. Okay, you live in America and the dollar is the global reserve currency, correct? Correct. Do you know what that means? That means that the dollar is the country's currency. No, it's the global reserve currency. No, I don't know what that means. So that means, oh no, I know that means, it means the global, like the world, that's world is global. The world's reserve money, like dollar sign is money. But the average dollar is going down in value. Inflation, I think. Inflation. So we're gonna make a list. We're gonna make a list of all the things you don't understand. And we're gonna start here with money. One, Aiden is done. house.  Money you don't understand money you don't know how it works you get money paid to you and you spend it on Lean and whatever else like a little jerk off. I am you don't actually Understand it at all. I am literally not on lean look at me. You want to do a drug test on stream? You don't understand money Not really where does money come from? Trees technically Money is all right, if you want to be a smart ass even though only I think it's only 1% of all the money in Circulations actually in cash notes because most of its own computers and digitalized But where does money come from explain to me where money comes from? How does money work? Why does it have value? Let's educate you let's educate your viewers at home Cuz I didn't get up at five o'clock in the morning to just waste my time okay, so I thought no Let's go sit. Let's sit with it and find out what you know  Okay, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, so why does why does a dollar bill have any value at all because A human being made it that way That was probably the most stupid answer The human being made it that way dude. I mean made it that way you dumb ass George Why why why if you write on a piece of paper 20 $8 dollars does that have no value because whereas the American dollar is respected and then how do all the different currencies around the world work? Where does money come from Okay, I Know listen, I know you're a little I know you're some lucky little jerk off who just got paid millions of dollars to be a dumb ass on the internet I got it out here have to make money the hard way so you need to at least understand how it's made where it comes to the government The government  Okay, the government does what? Rules the world, the United States. Okay, and why does that make the money valuable? Because they print the money. So you have no idea how money works. Next, inflation. Why does the dollar inflate? Because... Things have to go up because of what's going on in our economic status. So, gas gets raised, interest rates on homes get up. Real world events cause inflation. Then Joe Biden, of course. So you can't give me a simple answer. You can't give me a straightforward answer. Okay, why? Okay, I got it. Material, we run out of material. We're running out of material. We run out of certain things. That's why things go up.  things Aiden doesn't understand number two inflation is that not well how is that not right if you have three bananas and fact let me make the math simpler for you friend if you have four bananas and each is worth five dollars how much is the complete portfolio value of your fruit stock twenty dollars that's right thank you now imagine there was only twenty dollars in existence that's and that's how we're pricing your bananas if they print more dollars and now four E dollars exist in existence to purchase your fruit stock what would happen to the price of each of your bananas they go up that's right so when they print more money when they create more money  The value of the money decreases because value is linked to scarcity. Got it Do you remember our first ever conversation when you said how can I easily get a six pack? And I said you don't want one easily because they're rare and that's why they have value and everything in life Needs to be rare and hard to achieve for to be valuable in the first place And it was easy to get you wouldn't even want one because everyone would have one etc That's a basic underpinning a universal law a basic underpinning So the reason the dollar inflates is because they print more money. Why do they print more money? To be mortgage to how hold on let me think about this one for a second they They well weren't that you know the country's in debt to who China China That's a very simple answer and it's semi almost a little bit correct, but not really  Who's the country in debt to? The money is created with debt. Right. So, who do we owe it to then? Well, that's the thing. The money is created with debt, which means all the debt cannot possibly be repaid. So the only way to repay all the debt is to print more money. Got it. Which inflates the currency, because it's all a scam. Got it, got it, got it. I understand. So, you don't understand. No, I do understand what you just said. You don't understand money, you don't understand. No, I do. At Quiz Mill, like, Quiz Mill, you just wanted me. What is the CBDC? I can't hear you for some reason. I wasn't talking. Why no CBD is weed helps you with like, when you want to relax. CBDC?  on the list. Don't you think as a functioning adult, which we can loosely call you, you should at least understand why the money you've sold your soul for has value at all? If you're going to sit there and be a little jerk off and play with fake balls for money, then you should at least understand why that money has value. So when you buy your weed and your lean, I don't do it. I pay for your rent and your my any condo. You know why your money has value. Has it not crossed your mind to work out why you've sold your soul for these little pieces of paper and why anybody else gives you about these particular little pieces of paper? Has it not crossed your mind to educate yourself about this at all? No. It doesn't.  But I understand why different countries have different currencies and how are they all linked to the global reserve currency the dollar? You know, I never thought about that. Why? No, no, there's a lot of education is going to happen, but first I want to see what you know. Why is the dollar the reserve currency of the world? Which makes it the most important currency? Um, I would say it's the safest. That's actually not a bad answer. Why is it the safest? I would say like it's like, like because I like the control is different here than there's other countries I guess. Yes, once again not a terrible answer, but the truth is  The reason the dollar is the safest currency and you say safe is because how do you force people to use something they don't want to use? How you bully them and you pick on them. Yeah an America the biggest bullies So if you say I don't want to use the dollar they'll say that's fine. We'll blow up your country and change your leader Got it. So America are bullies and that's why But your answers for that weren't too bad. So I'm not gonna write that down on the things of Aiden doesn't know. Okay Thank you. You got them like 30% correct. Oh, you don't know about it. Thank you for giving it So my next question to you is if we can print unlimited money and the government prints money all of the time When they say we're gonna make a new $1.2 trillion spending bill that money they just print from thin air Please understand this Aiden  The money comes out of some dudes' ass. So they say, look, we're gonna make a new $1 trillion spending bill we need to invest in fund knows what, a bunch of garbage, and we're gonna just print a trillion dollars from nowhere. Alva guy's ass into existence. And then you have to pay it all back in taxes so the money's created with debt. So the question is this, if the American government can print as much money as it wants, to spend on all the dumb, it spends money on. Why do we pay taxes? I don't know, that's because I don't even know where my taxes go. It's actually a really good question. Why do we pay taxes? No choice, man. You gotta pay them. Well, why do you think, what do you think you pay taxes for? The roads? Yeah, but the roads are all broken. There's potholes everywhere I go. Exactly, but if they want to build new roads, they just pass...  new law and say the infrastructure bill to fix the infrastructure, we need $10 billion and they just print $10 billion anyway. And then if you read that bill, it has nothing to do with the roads. All the money goes to clinics. I agree. It's. No, please listen to me. If they pass a law about fixing the roads somewhere within the legislation, it talks about giving money to clinics 100% of the time. Yeah. Does that make any sense? So basically my taxes to something to do with that. No, my point is, why are you paying taxes at all? I don't know. Why? So you don't understand taxes. I understand how it works. I don't know what it goes to. What do my taxes go to? Next question. What do my taxes go to? Why can't you enter that? Well, they go to the government taxes, but I'd be very careful how I answer this question because you know what I'm trying to do, Aiden? What? I'm trying to inspire your curiosity by highlighting your.  ignorance. And my goal is for you to have some agency as an individual and to sit and think, I should probably learn about these things because there's a very deep rabbit hole and there's lots to understand. And when you understand the money, you'll understand how this world works. Now I could sit here and educate you for hours or I can try and peak your interest. Now if you're too dumb to leave this stream and then go find out yourself, that's fine. But your next stream, if you're looking for topics that I'm sure you are because everyone is bored of you playing with fake balls and games, like what you should do is educate the people at home and look up the gold standard. There's plenty of it. There's plenty of free documentaries on YouTube. What I want you to do is to look up the gold standard and to understand the gold standard, the Bretton wood system, quantitative easing. I'll wait to understand our current fiscal system. So when we next speak, you can tell me in a compenduous and concise way how money  works where it comes from, why inflation is rampant, and why it's basically why the world is completely... Because we don't control the money, we don't have any control over the money besides a few elites do, and they are deliberately making policy choices which allow the rich to get richer in the poor to get poorer. So then we can go into perhaps one of the possible solutions for these things, which is Bitcoin. You know what Bitcoin is, right? Of course, I love crypto. Okay. How does Bitcoin work? What is a Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency and what's, you know, it's very convenient for the consumer because if I were to basically want to send you, I don't know, $500,000, I don't have to go through banking, I can go send it to you directly. Where does a Bitcoin come from? The blockchain. Sorry, no. It was a Bitcoin. How is a Bitcoin creator? Sorry, sorry. Well, you might, well, Bitcoin will use the mind. There's no more new Bitcoin.  There's that's false. I thought you can't mind Bitcoin anymore or you can but you can't finish just harder. Oh What is mining a Bitcoin? What does a computer have to do to mine a Bitcoin? I Didn't get I'm not that deep into the fucking do that fine No, I understand what crypto is trust me Just because you can use something doesn't mean you understand it. Well, isn't it isn't it isn't it? Is it is it use your little pp every day? Is it it and you have no clue you don't understand it is it is for jerking off A dumbass isn't the Bitcoin you don't understand crypto to work You don't know because you don't understand money daddy and you don't understand inflation You don't understand why Bitcoin exists or why it's believed to be a safe hedge against inflation You don't understand these things if you understand money and where it comes from Then you understand inflation then you understand the scam of taxes  then you'll understand from there why Bitcoin has value at all and then that will lead you into CBDCs and how they're gonna use that to control all of us and get to a point where all the money is digitally controlled so you can't spend on the things you want unless you are a proponent of the system who are aiding the enslavement of their fellow man which we all know you will do because I'll offer you some money and you'll take it like a dumbass and you'll sit there and go yeah I've had my payment you all guys should sign up to CBDCs because you're an empty vessel with no principles you'll sell your soul to the system so before that happens I want you to research these things and understand them because when you understand the money you understand why all this in the world is happening why right now is the American government printing endless money to fund foreign wars yeah well there's almost people on the streets that are needing they feel starving I don't know why are they doing it because it's funneling money they're funneling money there's no reason to give  billions to other countries. How about you? How about we help our own country out? So you're saying here publicly inside of the American jurisdiction that the American government is money. Is that what you're saying? I mean, they're definitely like, why would I need to, why would they need to donate billions at dollars? It's like when Hawaii caught on fire, we gave what $700 per household, but household, not per person in house. Like, it's just so backwards. And then you had Oprah Winfrey in the rock begging, built two billionaires begging the Americans to donate. It just made no sense. A completely, completely true. So you're saying that they're helping all these foreign laws because they intend on the money and basically making the taxpayer further in debt. So a few rich elites can just continue to enrich themselves. Is that what you're saying? Man, I don't honestly, I'm just breaking down words. It's time I'm being a bitch. I say the American government is money. Say it. But why?  I don't understand what that means. Like I don't understand what that means. I don't money is I watch the show called Ozark, but I don't understand how they would be doing. I just said my belief, what I believe in. Why is America always starting wars? I don't know. Because you don't know any of this. You don't know about money and how it all works. You don't have a clue how this world works. If you knew about all this, you'd all start to make sense to you Aiden. Hold on. So the reason why you're... You're wars. You don't understand why war even happens because you don't understand why the money exists so where it comes from, where whose hands ends up in your get it. So why do wars happen? Well, why do you think wars happen because there's good guys and bad guys? Is that what you believe that some people are good and some people are bad and they have a little fight and the good guys always win because they write the history books and they were the good guys. No bad guys ever want to war.  or funny that. And then we just talk about afterwards that the good guys did this amazing thing. And all this money was printed out then air to blow the fuck out of somebody somewhere else. And it was all done for a righteous reason and everybody's good and freedom and democracies. That what you believe, are you a dummy? No, but I don't, I don't know what actually starts a war. Well, there's been wars throughout years and years and years. So, all right. So in general wars, the goal of war is to obtain influence over an affore and populist, correct? Yeah. All right. So what did I say earlier about the dollar being the safest and why people think the dollar is the safest? Why is the dollar the safest? The dollar is the safest because you said that. And I said that's because entirely because. Because America is bullies. That's right. All right. Understand? Yes, sir. Right. Get that in paper because you're.  You're following your streams this week. I'm giving you the topics of your streams this week. I got enough of your I gotta go to fucking I gotta go to Jamaica shut up. I'm the enough of ignoring every single I'm going to Jamaica. I'm a video of you appears on Twitter. I have to scroll straight past it because it's you being a Jack. What did you recently see that? What did you recently see you play video game? What did you recently? No, I just That's good. That's inspiring people to be in the gym. Man, what's the point of doing that though? You're not understanding What's the point of doing that? What's the point of doing a stream about money? Why me to educate? But I'm not the person to do that. I know nothing. I need to be educated Because if a dumbass like you can understand money Also, I think it would be quite interesting for the other dumbasses at home to watch a dumbass plunder his way and applaud his way. Welcome to the internet. Welcome to the internet. Welcome to the internet.  I'm gonna walk out how money that's what the internet is mr. Kate That's what the internet is It's a budget to get a receipt walk through and work out money And hopefully you'll drag a few people along with you because once people at home understand how money works inflation works Taxes work they understand Bitcoin. They'll understand where CBDCs are coming from and how that's gonna destroy all our lives Then to understand why we're at constant war you can actually genuinely help society if you educate people on these So I have a question. So you're a question. I have a question. I got a question What is it is it is it good? Is it good that I influence my my community to buy crypto or no? Right down gold standard. I want you to read about the gold standard. Yes or no yes or no to that question Well, I thought yes or no question sir How if I'm telling people you have it written on the board to be get into Bitcoin in Ethereum How is that how is that I'm curious why can you answer that question? Well  Firstly, you said to buy crypto you didn't say Bitcoin or Ethereum and there's a lot of Cryptos. I'm literally I literally said you're now trying to change the No, I said your question. I said Bitcoin eat. No, if I No, no, no, no, no, no, no, answer my question. Answer my question. Thank you. If I You changed the question. I want to make it clear that I am ultimately I will ask it. I will ask it. I will ask it. I will ask it. I will ask it. I will ask it. I will ask it. I'm a fucking game. Again, ask it. All right. If I tell my viewers to purchase Bitcoin and Ethereum is that good or bad in helping society? Helping society can be argued whether it's good or bad once again, depends on the individual circumstances of the person. If you only have $10, you shouldn't be buying Bitcoin. What you should be doing however is understanding that God's light is truth and knowledge and sunlight is the best disinfectant.  and that the demons operate in the dark. And the only reason this world's so, is because most people don't understand how anything works. So the best thing you should do is not tell your viewers to buy Bitcoin and Ethereum. You should sit down and do a stream on money, on the gold standard, on inflation, on taxes. You should talk about these things instead because when people start to understand them, then they will be able to make a more conscious decision regarding the politics they choose and the wars they perhaps support. So we can go down the buying Bitcoin and Ethereum path, but that's a very separate one. For now, what you need to do is educate people at home to make their own choices. Yeah. That's how you helped the world, they did. But what I told you you need to get in shape to inspire people, you've done that a little bit now. You're down from 40% body fat to 35% body fat. Congratulations. Now it's time for you to educate people on the system they operate their lives within and how they actually are. I know, listen, I know you get...  paid 50 million a year to just do all. But the average person stands no chance of getting rich ever. The not gonna be able to afford a house, not gonna be able to pay for their bills, they can't afford groceries, inflation, rampant, everything's out of control. They're getting by the tax man and it's your job to explain to them why this is happening because there's no light without dark and for people like you little to get overpaid and people like me, the kings of the world to be paid a fair share of a million dollars a week. Other people have to suffer. That's how it works. We're rich and successful. Others are not. So you just wait. You believe you believe you believe you believe you believe you believe you believe you're worth a million a week. Minimum bro. Top G. You are not worth a million a week to say that I'm not worth 50 million a year. I'll be honest. I my playing video games doing I get it building up a community and doing what I like to do. But you're not worth a million dollars a week. If there's two, that can stroll.  for rent. I'm sorry. You're not either. Life's not fair, bro. You're not worth a million a week. If people can't even pay their rent and do like that, I'm sorry, bro. You're not worth a million a week. No, you're not. That's the world. That's the world's question. But I agree with that. I just said last week. I said last week is not fair. That's interesting. So what? How do you derive the value of a product? How do you derive the value of a strong? I think a person, a product, a Bitcoin, a car, a house, who decides what the price is? Look, man, I'm a streamer. I don't know any about any of this stuff. But what I will tell you is this. I'm going back to what I'm saying. You're not meant to be rich. I'm meant to be rich. I just think that the poor should not be poor. And if there's ways to just change that, then that's what I'm on. But I don't think doing all this has any way of impacting that. You know why? Because I'm not powerful above this. You understand? You think you think that educating people is not...  gonna help. Is that your life philosophy? That's not what that's not what I'm saying. That's not what I'm saying. That's why don't you why don't you why don't you educate people? Why don't you educate the people? So it doesn't work. It's not working though. We should change it. But Andrew that's not working. It's not working. I interchange your system. You don't even understand. It's not working. Clearly if you're trying to educate people, it doesn't work. It just doesn't work. I mean think about it. How is it working in our society? No, there's a lot of people who do understand, but you have a different audience to mine. You have different viewers than me. And I want as many people as possible on the good fight. So I'm telling you things you should talk about research and learn. I'm for you to see. Yeah, say that we should change the system when you don't even understand. But I'm saying, but I'm saying how unfair it is. It's not fair that I sit down and make millions of dollars. If you are struggling to be ends meet. But it's also not fair that you get paid. You said a million a week. So thank you. That's what I'm trying to say. I'm trying to learn why the world.  don't you agree? yeah but i understand that i understand the world no i do know that anything a i do understand that though the clue what's going on no but i do understand how the world's not fair but do you understand that no matter what i say or do it's not going to change anything what kind of pussy ass defeat this attitude is that it's not even like that no matter what i do i'm just gonna play video games i'm not gonna do that i'm not gonna tell people how the system works i'm not gonna educate anyone these people watch me these people watch you for that they don't watch me they don't watch me for any of that stuff before it means saying how anything works that's what i built i built that you start you gave up before you started not at all why can't you do one stream on money and how it works and just get yourself in real time because because because because there's so many loopholes to that you have to also understand you're ignoring many ways too when you think that  It's very easy to overcome certain addictions. You never clearly had a drug addiction before. When you were basically saying something like, oh man, just don't do the pills or don't do that, but you don't know what people have been through. There's a lot, addiction is really strong. So there's things you're ignorant to, just how there's things I'm ignorant to. I don't know anything about these topics, but I made that very clear. So when you're throwing these things at me that I have no idea what they are, I'm being attacked. Cause I have no idea. And I'm telling you that, but you're still making me basically portrayed to be this piece of it and sound defeated because I don't know how to stop these things. That's not my job. I don't know how to do it. I'm gonna tell you to stop these things. I'm gonna tell you to go raid the federal reserve Aiden. What I'm saying is, there's a lot about the world you do not understand and your worldview will change if you understand said subjects. And the people at home will benefit from the money about these things. That's fine. You should educate yourself in real time on stream. But Andrew, if somebody wants to learn, if somebody, if somebody, Andrew, Andrew, Andrew, Andrew, if somebody wants to, it's not that. Andrew,  It's not that. But Andrew, Andrew, if somebody wants to, Andrew, if somebody wants to make money, they can YouTube it. They can YouTube that, they can YouTube that, they can YouTube that. But they can YouTube that. Help people at home. Here's your sub-channel. Okay, so can I ask you a question? Let me ask you a question. How do I, how does this, how does learning that, how does learning that, how does learning, bro, I don't understand. How does me learning that, how does me learning any of that, gonna help, I don't understand. All you guys saying, Elated, you don't watch me from financial advice. I'm sorry, you don't. You don't watch me from financial advice. You do not. You watch me from my content, my degeneracy, and that's what you guys watch me for. I'm sorry guys, but he's basically portraying this onto me to make me look bad and brave me down with him. He is. You don't watch me from this stuff. I literally do streams. Oh guys, here's how the US dollar works.  You guys are gonna spam Z's, you guys are gonna be like, this is Quilly and all they, LA non-following, unfollow me then. You don't watch me for that stuff, you look at me, I barely graduated high school. I'm very, very, very sure you guys will not watch me for financial advice. If you wanna watch Andrew Tate, go watch Andrew Tate for financial advice. If you such a financial, come on bro, Tate motivated me to begin the gym. He inspired me to begin the gym, but I'm not gonna stay here and get shat on for that bro. Y'all don't watch me for financial advice. I'm a puppet, I just admitted that I believe that there's funneling going on in the country. I got quartered into conversations, I don't know what I'm talking about. Huge out, I don't care. I don't care. If you think I'm an out, don't watch me. Bro, you got to understand, what was that going to do for you? It's not good to do anything, bro. I'm sorry, but it's not.  Because I don't know myself sort of yow yow yow yow yow Instead of sit down and be like yo, and this is that this is this is that it's a lot different It's a lot different Do you understand what I'm saying? It's a lot different Ego it's not you go at all. I'm admitting my ignorance I'm admitting that I don't know anything. I'm admitting that I'm an educated on certain topics My ego's not heard You guys just love to just play the card where where he says you're not worth 50 million I know I'm not I made that very clear. It's not okay that I make 50 million dollars If I do make that I don't I'm not confirming or denying But it's not for that he makes a million a week It's not fair that people make millions and millions and millions of millions of dollars And people can barely struggle to work not working out if I don't nine to five jobs But don't just pick your battles be consistent That's all You  Y'all do not watch me to get rich. I'm sorry y'all don't Y'all watch you to be entertained Y'all watch me when you're not doing So if y'all want to be on my financial I will change as I do up is that what you guys want you guys want to dedicate my next four streams into those topics I will Guess what it's gonna do. It's not gonna do anything because in this world you got to get on your own I'm sorry, but that's just how it is chat. You guys don't all want that I know you guys don't you guys are being hard headed right now I'm admitting I'm ignorant to all that bro But it's just it's just stupid Do not look up to anybody but God do you understand don't look up to another man besides God? Don't turn to me and look at me like a God do not look up to me. I'm gonna Do you understand?  I got super lucky to be where I'm at today. I put a hard work in, I put a lot of hours in, but there's people that work way harder than me, and there's people that have way better contributions just beside of me. I'm lucky, and I'm realizing that. What do I do with my money? What do I do with whatever I make, whatever? I try to always bless and get back to people that are neat. I try to do that all the time. But putting eyes on me and trying to make me play God is crazy. People know what time it's for private. I've been a streamer like this for four years. I'm not gonna switch my content up. No, I'm not doing that. It's not an ego thing. Stop choosing sides. Everybody has ego, but admitting where you're wrong and admitting what you're misinformed of is the first step. The trying stages của  on business. If you don't want to watch me anymore, don't watch me. I did it. It said nothing wrong. I'm not calling him back. I'm not calling him back to be attacked. The first half of the stream was great. The second 20 minutes to make any sense.