  I'm trying to get my every sign, I'm going to play Get my every sign, what you say? Every day we gotta keep it, yeah Every day we gotta keep it, yeah And I will get a new slash, and I will slash This is gotta finish with a story, gotta finish with a story It's gotta be a single one, stay, she'll run a step She's gotta steal, she'll run a step Here's the story, here's the story, here's the story It's gotta be a single one, stay, she'll run a step Y'all ain't got to share this song, yeah Yeah, I'm trying to weld, but but it's hard to track Yeah, I'm trying to do this, I'm trying to do this, yeah And I'll show you what it is all about, yeah Yeah, I ain't got to share it all around I'm busy tripping, like you've run, like you've gone way Like a Tory gun, like a game So I'm gonna die, just a touch of tummy So I can be like you You say fuck if you're such a son, It's just a man, It's just a man, Say fuck if you're such a bastard.  So what I truly say, I want to guess I'm wrong, guess I'm wrong, yeah We go with the shit in all way, shit in all way We go shit in all way, we go shit in all way We go shit in all way, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Better for it like a poem like a poem, yeah Then let me get the shit in all way, get the shit in all way Just stop on the way, it's a day, because we go with shit's crazy So just got to swear the name, we didn't do a slice You'd be wearing this shit by the said of Hello, hello, hello. Welcome. Welcome to another day.  of savings minus debt. I'm your host, LJ Young, removing something here. What's up, Miss A B? What's going on, Arlene? Anyway, I am the founder of SMD. I am not SMD. SMD is a family. Though I created SMD, I am part of SMD. Okay, I'm not SMD itself. Anyway, what I do here is I share my gift. And my gift is that I understand that there's a psychological peace and capitalism. And with this knowledge, I understand currency is psychological because currency is you, debt slaves is you. You're the currency. Currency doesn't exist for you because it's you. All right? And you're probably thinking, well, who's a debt slave? People that believe they can buy houses with mortgages.  people that believe they can own houses and property with no money of their own. People that believe they get finance cars on sale, those are called debt slaves. People that believe they own equity in a mortgage house. You didn't even have the money to buy it, but you think you own the equity in it? Those are called debt slaves, okay? Now the economy is positive and negative. Debt slaves live on the negative side of it, okay? I understand the system is positive and negative. Debt slaves are on the negative side of it, and people like me are on the positive side of it. We all contribute it according to the laws of the economy. But you guys do it wrong, but you don't know you do it wrong because you're a debt slave. You don't know that you're a debt slave. You are a person that believes you're a homeowner with mortgages. And you're probably thinking, well,  millions of people believe their homeowners with mortgages. I know that was your point that the housing market wouldn't exist without them. I understand that. So I come on the positive side of the economy. Death slaves are death slaves by choice. They're there because they're choosing to be there. If they choose not to trust the calculator, they're choosing to be there. Now, now I'm gonna tell you guys something that you're never gonna hear anywhere else on the internet. Now, you guys know me. I don't follow people. I don't I don't do all that stuff. I don't care what anybody does. Hey, whatever they're doing, if it's legal, whatever. I don't care, right? But I've had people, several people, even my even my youngest son, I think he got nervous about seeing him get arrested over.  in Romania for something, something, and people think they're framing them and all this other stuff. Now I'm just going to buy what the news is showing me. I don't know Andrew Tate at all. What I'm about to say to you, not even if Andrew Tate ever hears this, he's going to know what I'm saying. Okay. Now, and he's going to never had heard this from anybody else on the internet. Nobody. When people come to me as a, hey, Andrew Tate says things like you, LJ, he calls people slaves and they're slave to the system and the government's doing this and the government's doing that and they're framing them and this and that. It's like, okay, he's right to a point. Okay. When he's talking about slaves, he's talking about you, that slaves. All you guys that believe your own houses with mortgages.  and car home, your own rental properties with more, you think you own mortgage rental properties and believe you're making a profit. He's talking about you. The only thing that Andrew take keep fucking up on is blaming the system for this problem. That is not true. You got, you guys are there by choice, that slaves by not choosing to trust the calculator. You're there by choice. You're on the negative side of the economy. So you're fucking up. You, the government is not doing any, hey, they're trying to do, no, you debt slaves. If you walk on a car lot and find that to electric car for 84 months, and then you drive up the car lot and think you're saving money on gas, you're a debt slave. Get slaves don't save them. Don't save gas money on gas on finance to electric cars. They're talking to  about you, deslaves, you. But nobody's holding you there. Nobody's holding you there. That's not, that part is not true. See, he's, this is the difference between and rotating I. I know where I live. I know exactly where I live. I was a deslave. I was there by choice. I was on the negative side of the economy. Now I'm on the positive side. Now I get how everything works. Oh, okay, that's how it works. Nobody, nobody did anything to me. Nobody's holding me back. Nobody's putting the foot on my neck. Nobody financial aid. The big white people are doing this and the big bad white. That's, none of that is true. If you're making car payments, you will never know what any of this means because you're making car payments. If you're begging for student loan forgiveness and get this, this is, this is, this is.  But say like, let's go to the doctor level. So you can, so you guys under a doctor can understand what that means. Here is a, here are doctors, say like a doctor makes $300,000 a year. But this doctor has $500,000 in student loan debt. Instead of the doctor saving for a few years to pay off that student loan debt in a few short years, a doctor will sign up with a hospital for 10 years of, 10 years of student loan forgiveness, something, something, whatever they promise them. That alone tells them that you are a debt slave. You make $300,000 a year, you have $500,000 a student loan debt. Mass as you can have that paid off in a few years.  But instead you sign up for a program That takes 10 years and you have to follow every single one of their rules to get automatic right off the bat You're a doctor who's a dead slave right off the bat because you obviously don't know That's where Andrew keep Andrew take keep fucking up talking about slaves You notice I want you guys to pay attention now how many times he mentioned slaves He's talking about you that slave he just leaving off the word debt in front of the slaves He's talking about you Where he's fucking up is that you guys are there by choice Hey, that's cool with me. Hey listen. I Understand how the system works. I get it. I was born here. I Was just listen when I was younger when I was a dead slave. Let me tell you guys  You guys wondering around the dead matrix, believing something, you know something's wrong. You just can't put your finger on it. I'm here to tell you I was you. That was me. I knew something was wrong, but I couldn't put my finger on it. Here I'm making. Listen, here I'm making six figures. But I'm not feeling like what's what I imagine six figures would feel like like when you don't make six figures say like you're making $30,000 right a year and you you wish to be like, man, what would it be like to make six figures to make that you don't know what it's like until you get there, but what you don't know is this nine times out of 10 you're going to get there in debt. So when you get there, it's going to feel just like you feel today, but with more debt. That's what it's going to be. I believe that.  That's the light that went off in my head because when I got to that six figure, Mark, I was like, okay, what? What's supposed to happen here? What? I've been hearing about this. I've been hearing about the six figure number all my life and I get there. What am I supposed to do here? What? What happens? Nothing? I own nothing. Don't be fool people. Hey, listen. When you listen to Andrew Tate, okay? Try not to listen to the government stuff. Just listen to the slave. Every time you hear him, he hears, every time you hear him say the word slave and you have a car payment, you have student loan debt. You don't even know your student. If you don't even know your student loan, you have a car payment. If you don't even know your student loan balance, listen. If you don't know your own student loan balance today, you are a debt slave.  You are the slave he's talking about, but it's not the government doing it to you. You are doing it to yourself. Your credit report is an honors ledger. It keeps track of all the businesses that own you, deslays, you, hey, listen, that's the positive side. I get it. I was a deslave once. Now my credit report proves that I'm not. As you see what I'm saying, that cannot be imitated. You can't come up. The last thing you guys, first you have to even know what your credit report really is. If you don't even know, you're not even gonna think like that, right? But would you see my credit report where all zero's on it, meaning no business owns me? That means I own the business of myself and the corporation of the United States of America. I know where I live. I know exactly where I live. Huh, what's the most, listen, I want you guys to listen closely.  What is the most recognized form of physical currency in the world? What is that? Where I live. That's where I live. I know where I live. You probably think of yourself. Well, the someone so is more valuable. I'm not talking about that stuff. I'm not talking about money because it's you, that slaves. That makes a statement. That's clear to me. That's not even. That's not. That's clear to me. I don't know why it's not clear to you. Now, all this other stuff that's going on with the industry. I don't really. I don't even like to speculate. I don't want to even say I'm involved in thinking somebody's doing something to somebody. I don't really get involved in stuff like that.  I'm just making sure it's clear that I understand how it truly works. It's positive, negative, physical and psychological. The only thing you guys know about death's flavor is physical. Even, listen, even though an economy is not physical, it's psychological. You can't touch any economy. Can you hold any economy? What shape is, listen, what shape is the economy? What shape is it? What color is it? What does the economy smell like? When you walk by somebody, you say, that's not like capitalism. Does that happen? No, because it's psychological. When you guys, you got to listen. When you, you got to be very careful where you're led. It's just crazy, man. You got to be very careful.  for where you're led. It's just, you got to remember certain things, you got to say to yourself, there is no way I'm going to know that information unless I go there myself. That's how I think. Whatever I see on the news, I kind of watch it, okay, cool. But if it's in another country, the only way I'm going to truly know is unless I fly over there and find out myself, which I'm not going to do. Because I don't really get involved in other people's lives like that. I just don't do that. People, it's crazy because people were coming to me. People were coming to, quite a few people came to me and said, Hey, you know what, Elchard? He talks like you. And you can see the worry in their eyes, right? Like something's going to happen.  to me like him and all this other stuff. I want to make sure it's clear. I understand what he's saying, but he's saying it wrong. He's saying it like you guys are stupid and somebody's trapping you there. When that's not true, none of that is true. That's not true. Nobody's trapping you guys anywhere. If you believe you're a homeowner with a mortgage, you're trapping yourself. If you believe you have equity in a mortgage house, you are trapping yourself. That's what you're doing. And your credit report is going to tell me that. When you come on the positive side of the economy, I understand that a housing market wouldn't be able to exist. If you guys knew mortgages can't buy houses, I don't want that. I understand.  hard works and you guys are probably thinking well, Lenille, you're saying it out loud. You can listen. You guys can't even hear me. The majority of you guys have no idea what I'm talking about. None. Zero. That's the power of it. I can say it out loud and it really doesn't matter. Oh, he's crazy. That's not true. I was on this channel today. I was texting this guy, commenting on this thing. He was telling people how mortgage homeowners are 40% or 4% more higher and positive value. It's like none of that is true. All you got to do is type it. Go to Google and type in mortgage total mortgage debt in 2022, 2023. Trillions of dollars says that's not true. Trillions of dollars in mortgage loan debt says the person, equity happens and appreciation over years. You make 300, 400,000. Trillions of dollars in mortgage loan debt says that's not true.  Which one do you believe mathematics? Or somebody talking on a video? Which, what do you believe? Let's up on Monica. With knowing the economy is positive and negative, you guys don't know words are positive and negative too. Whenever you hear, listen, whenever you hear the, when you hear the word equity, okay? Equity is positive or negative. The word counts on who is, what determines if it's positive or negative, is the person using the word equity. Is the person using the word equity? Does this person have a mortgage? He's talking about the negative side of equity. He's talking about negative equity. When you're paying interest, here's a hand. When you're paying...  interest that's a sign of negative equity that's a sign because you're paying interest. When you own on the positive side there is no interest to pay because you own it. You see what I'm saying it's different. When you finance a car you're not only financing something that goes down in value because you're financing the car because you have no money and if you don't have the money for the car you don't have the money for the what taxes so your financing the taxes too. So the price of the car for you is much different than the price of the car for me. What's up QJC? Nobody's trapping you guys man. Andrutate is very very close.  Very close. What he's saying, listen, what he's saying is correct. A lot of, not the government stuff. I'm just talking about when he calls you slaves and stuff like that. That's the only thing I'm talking about. I'm not referencing anything else because I don't care. Don't know. The one thing I can know, was he talking about is you, that slaves? Why he acts the way he acts? Hey, I don't, doesn't matter. I don't know. It doesn't matter, but he's very, very close. He just doesn't understand where he lives. Yeah, that's true. You know, he's like, hey, you guys are slaves. You're dumb. Yeah, so what? That all of that is true. When you guys say, hey, you're working wages and you're really not. All that stuff, that is true. What he's saying is true. But the difference is you keep yourself there. When I was in a debt matrix, I was there by choice.  Nobody was keeping me there. I was doing that myself. I just didn't know I was doing that myself. Now to the mother of the other side, it's like, oh, that's how it works. Yes. What are this way? Do you think? Do you know like Apple, for example, let's use the company Apple, do you know they would not be able to exist if the banks didn't give out credit? Because what do you think the percentage of Apple customers pay for their shit and cash? I bet you it's probably like 1%. Maybe. Because you got what you guys don't know is you guys have no money for nothing. So I'm assuming maybe 1% maybe 0.5%  They make millions of phones. You think for each one I'm cost $1500? Congratulations Apple. Now when I see shit like that I'm just like wow. I am way behind man I got to catch up. I look and see what Elon Musk is doing. I said damn that motherfucker's going to Mars. I got a hurry up. He's already out of here. He's already out of here. Well beyond thinking I'm like damn it. You guys don't understand in order to achieve warm Buffett level Elon Musk level all the top anybody in the world level you must first own yourself. That's not  Number one, since this is the only country I've lived, but capitalism is everywhere all over the world. It's all over the world, so that means it's everywhere. You gotta own yourself. And your social security number is your ID number to be here in the United States of America. Your social security number represents the business of yourself. That's what it does. If I ever had to walk into the bank and get a business loan, the first thing they're gonna do, listen, the first thing they're gonna do is run my credit. That's the first thing they're gonna do. And then when they look at my credit report and see I have absolutely no debt, guess what they're gonna know. They're gonna know that I know.  Damn, this motherfucker, yes I do, yes I do. I know the psychological peace and capitalism, sure do. Hey, congratulations to the designer, congratulations. I'll probably go to my grave never knowing who he did, but it's amazing to see. And it gets better and better every day, every day. Every day it just gets better and better. One second. Okay. He sure is for sure. That's what I'm saying him and I agree. He's just saying, he's just saying it wrong. He's just leaving out the word debt before slaves. That slaves, let's talk about you, that slaves.  When I hear him speak, I'm like, okay, he knows, but he's just saying it wrong. That's what I keep saying to myself. Why are you saying all that stuff? You know that? Well, I think it like this. If he knew the psychological peace and capitalism, he would know that everything is you. You guys, that's like everything is you and you would automatically know that you guys are keeping yourselves there. That goes for listen, that goes for everybody, QJC. That's everybody. That's every business. Keep these pieces are going, hey, QJC, these pieces are going to keep snapping together. You're going to be like, wait a minute. You mean no business could run without the banks? No. None. The banks? No. That's the slaves of the currency. They could not exist without them. How many debt?  You think walking in paying cash for iPhones come on man Have you seen how much a Apple laptop is who how many desk lays you know paying cash for that? They're not even paying cash for the ear pods in their fire That is just like stupid bunny look it's so much stupid money like hey, let's make our headquarters look like a fucking spaceship That's that's money That takes money Oh, man Like I said before I want you guys to stop looking at these people These are just people that have found themselves and once you find yourself you got to find your gift and once you find your gift You're gonna take off like a rocket. That's it. That's how it works. I Know for a fact listen, I know for a fact that I found my gift. What does my gift? I know something millions of people  don't know that is a fact. That's a fact. I'm looking at Einstein quotes and I'm like, hey, I can add something to that. And I do. I add to Einstein quotes. Eighth that bananas? That is absolutely bananas. I was like, I looked at his compound interest quote and I said, you know what? I can make that a little more clear. Wow, that's so crazy to think about. Fuck, I need to step my game up. Step one, like I always tell you, if you guys listen, especially the younger you are, okay? You're listening to me. The shit sounds crazy. What's he talking about? He's old. And if all these things are popping in your mind, right? You're thinking, I want you to try to focus in on the  every time you hear this stuff from people you say, but is this math right? You open up the calculator, you put in your mortgage payment, minus your mortgage balance and hit enter, right? You see a large negative number down there. All you gotta do is believe the number. Once you believe the number, that's step one. All you gotta do is believe it. Believe the calculator. When you, if you believe you have equity in your mortgage house, open up the calculator, put in your mortgage payment, minus your mortgage balance and hit enter. You see that large negative number? That says, no, you don't. You know what that negative number says? It says, you're the equity. That's slave you. But that's okay, because that's how it's supposed to be. I get it, told you get it, whatever. You will, hey, listen, you will never see me getting up out with a sign walking down the road saying, hey, hey, don't.  Don't fall for the mortgage trick. I'm not doing none of that. None of that. No, no. No. Because when you come onto positive side, that shit is lovely. The whole housing market is open to you. Why? Because all those people have mortgages. Anything can happen. All that. The economy take a hiccup. Somebody lose their job. Somebody get a divorce or something. Whatever anybody's mortgage house is available to you because you have the money to buy. Why they just believe their homeowners when they're really psychological homeowners, you will be one and know it. They won't know it. You see the way I'm saying it out loud in public and never they can't hear me.  They can't hear a word. I'm saying what are you talking about again by house of more? That's not true my friend and my family. I've been owning my house for 15 years. What are you talking about? We're made we're way better than renters renters are really throwing that they just start running the fucking program That'll even know just glitching out and shit. They don't even know It's like the twilight zone you come here young people I will I will put you on the The the the Star Trek bean pat and being you light years ahead of millions of people millions millions That won't even know what you're doing see I'm talking out loud to have no idea what I'm talking about look like that dude's crazy I know whatever Why can't they hear me because it's against the laws of mathematics for them to that's how it works And guess what nobody breaks the laws of mathematics nobody can nobody in history has ever done it nobody  Yes, LJ, that is your gift. You make things crystal clear. That is my gift. So what I do is help you guys find, I show you my gift. Wow, LJ found his gift and then I share my gift with you and that helps you find whatever your gift is supposed to be. That's just how it works. Then you come on the positive side of the economy and then you see everything for what it is. You're like, oh, that's why there's taxes. Okay. All right. Well, they know they don't know. When you hear people get emotional and start getting upset about taxes, hey, taxes are high over here. That means they don't know because they're complaining about taxes. Listen, taxes help build wealth. They don't take wealth away. They help build it. So whenever you hear somebody, hey, these taxes over here are high. Taxes keeping me down. They don't know. They're.  and they're telling you that they don't know. I have heard Andrew Tate talk about buying his properties, cars, cash, no loans exactly. Andrew Tate is clearly not a debt slave, okay? I want you guys to be clear. The only thing Andrew Tate is missing, he's saying somebody's doing it to you. You are doing it to yourself. That's the only piece he's missing. He's blanking it on somebody. I don't know, listen. What the bettale is. When I see him blame it on somebody, that tells me he don't know there's a psychological piece in capitalism. That's what it tells me, because he's having you guys blame some mystery ghost person. All you got to do is log into your credit report and see who it is, who's keeping you down. It's you. You know, when you financial that car for 84 months, you did it. You know, you know, you've refined that.  your house three times, you, you did it, you. If you believe you have equity in your mortgage house that you've refinanced three times, it's you. Nobody's keeping you there. Nobody's keeping you there. So whenever this is like I said before, everything he's the majority of what he's saying is true. But when he starts blaming somebody, that's when you need to cut that part off. Just cut it off, cut it off. It's it's you. Then once you understand is you, you'll understand. And you take it doesn't even like property. I have much, but he always makes sure it's kept. And you know, so crazy. Let me tell you guys some deslaves.  When you have no debt, you don't really need to buy property. I mean, you don't have to. You know, like when you're in debt, they always say, hey, real estate is the only way real estate is the only way to build well. That's a program because if you don't have to listen, if you don't have the money to buy it, it doesn't matter. You ain't going to build well, borrowing money. But listen, but, but that's important too. It's important for you guys to believe that you can own property with loans. That is important. That's how the economy is built. You just got to come on the positive side of it. That's it. You're on the negative side of it. If you believe that. Think about this. Think about all the Teslas on the road today. Think about all the Teslas on the road today. Now, I'm not.  Not picking on Tesla. Congratulations Elon Musk. Congratulations Tesla. No, I'm just saying something. If people can't even pay cash for a phone, 99% of those Tesla's got to be finance. They have to be. All of them believe they're saving money on gas. All of them. All of them do. They're making videos. Look how much I'm saving this and that. And they finance the Tesla. They didn't even have the money to buy the car. Buy means cash. That's the only thing by means cash. They didn't even have the money to buy it. They finances for 84 months and then they calculate, see how much gas they're saving. What are you talking about? What are you talking? What are you calculating? What are you putting in that calculator? Nothing. Look, I ordered my Tesla online.  and sure you did. And guess who's happy to finance you too? Tesla, just think, they know how much it costs for them to make a car, right? You guys will never know that, okay? The actual cost for them to make that car, upcharge it because that's what you can do, that's the economy. And then you guys finance it with them. They're just like, that's just like money stacked on money compound, interest card not compound. Just, I mean just endless money. That's where he's going to Mars. You guys are congratulations Mr. Musk. That's what's called being on the positive side of the economy. When you guys hear in the news, hey Elon Musk is worth this much, okay? You gotta stop. Unless Elon gets on the mic, personally says, hey, I made this much this year.  You don't know and nobody else knows how much Elon Musk himself has made. Every time you hear those billions, that's his company. That's not him, but you guys don't know how to separate personal from business. I see now, people that have student loans that continue to travel and take vacation while student payments are still on posture, do they think they're saving money? Hold on for a quick second here.  All right. Pause the three, listen. Death slaves don't know how to look at it this way, okay? And it just what makes it just, the system is just brilliant, right? It took the world to stop before student loan debts were paused. What that means is this, you guys listening to this video who are alive today, will never ever see that happen again until the world stops again. Cause that's what it's gonna take for them to ever pause student loan debt ever again. I understand that. That's the deck. Looks pretty obvious to me. No, three years was the time you guys should have been doing taking every single penny you had  and putting it towards your student on debt. Not saying, hey, I got extra money and start financing more shit. That's when you should have been paying. That's never going to happen again ever. Never. That's never going to happen again ever. Now, we will, I won't be allowed to see it. I know that for a fact. The younger you are. Hmm. I hope you listen to me young people. Like I said before, focus on the math of what I'm saying. And you will be the best. Listen, if you are young and you're getting into like taxes, accounting, anything to do with personal finance, anything, I will make you the best in those fields ever. And they won't even know how you're doing it. They will have no clue of how you have the edge, how come you're different, how come you're making so much more money than them.  I will make you the best. Personal. The way you feel about yourself will explode tenfold. If you, if you're a person that's always down on yourself and feeling bad and not really that will change immediately. Everything changes, everything. People will know when you come into a room they were just like, what's so different about this person? Relationship problems gone, they're gone. Relationship problems are gone. Those are gone forever. Why? Because you'll never get a death slave. You are on yourself. Listen. Why don't you own yourself? The younger you are the better. I hope you listen to it. Why don't you own yourself?  and you know it, once you know it, you're gonna know that you're different than millions of people are under the United States of America. You're gonna know it and you're not gonna settle for anything less. You're never gonna date a person that doesn't own themselves. You'll never do it. You'll procreate with them. You will never do any of that. None of that. People will be like, especially the young people. Oh, you know, I'm getting to the certain age. I'm supposed to have these type of kids and this and that. That's not true. That's a program. I hope you guys know that's not none of that is true. Your age has nothing. Listen, your age has nothing to do with it. Nothing. If you're a person right now, you're thinking, well, it's now a time to have a baby. This is what I want you to do. Every time you think about that, I want you to law the team bank account and then I want you to say to yourself, if I have a baby, that's how much I have to  raise it. Whenever you think about, well, when you try having a kid to an age, every time that pops in your head, log into your bank account and say, that's how much money, if I have a kid, that's how much money I have to raise it. And then you can contemplate if you're going to have a kid or not. So if you're doing, if you're, if you rely on overdraft protection, that means you're not ready for a kid. That's what that means that you're nowhere near that. If you, if you don't want to be in these groups, talking about the system is against guys and child supports, ridiculous. If you want to make sure, like, if you are young right now and you have no kids, come see me and that will never be you. You want in the, you want in the court where a judge is dictating your finances and  Every other weekend, daddy, and are you with the baby's mama? 99% of those that being a possibility will be eliminated. Why? Because you will never date a death slave. You will never date a person who doesn't own, who doesn't own themselves. And what's even worse, which is the psychological part, doesn't even know they don't own themselves. You gotta leave them, hey, let them be what they're gonna be. Every time you hear somebody talk about finances, and then they say something about the color of your skin, you look at the calculator, it says, what does the color of my skin have to do with one plus one equaling to? What does that nothing? I'm blood...  Because we should do black on this. What does that have to do with five plus five equaling 10 nothing? Absolutely nothing Five plus five equals 10 no matter the color of your skin Five plus five equals 10 no matter the color of your skin Now some of you guys are gonna hear it some of you guys are not the majority of you guys are not and that's how it's Supposed to be I accept that Put it this way I Remember when I was a desk slave I Used to I used to live in Seattle, Washington. I used to go down to the waterfront where they were building these brand new condos Millions of dollars of condos millions right I Would ride down there and say to myself just like this I'm  people with regular jobs are not getting these condos. People with jobs are not getting these condos. I'm missing something. And I was the psychological peace and capitalism. I was missing it. Because now I know. It's like, oh, they're not paying for the condos. You guys are deslaves. You guys pay for everything. You guys pay for the condos, the taxes, their cars, their vacations, everything. You guys pay for everything. It's because it's you. You know, you're walking to a restaurant. Like you go to expensive restaurant and the meal costs. Like say, like you go to Ruth Chris, right? And you'll spend three, four hundred dollars that. Woo, that was an expensive dinner.  to who you? And then you're going in that same restaurant, you'll see a whole fucking family with extra long table at Ruth Chris. All of them laughing and joking. Now if you believe your meal was just $300, $400, how much you think their meal was? Our whole family at Ruth Chris, just laughing it up, laughing it up. You know why they're laughing it up? Because you're paying for a display's because it's you. Now I get it. Because when I used to go to Ruth Chris and see that, I said, I'm missing something. That's what I said. I wasn't jealous. I wasn't saying, oh, look, it's white people. That's why they know I said, I'm missing something. It doesn't matter the color of their skin. I am not seeing something obviously because that meal had to be quadruple my meal. Had to be. Had to be quadruple my meal. So I'm missing something. I don't say, oh, they're rich. They have it like that. Whoa.  Hold on for a quick second, hold on. Sorry about that. I looked at the men, I was like, it had to been quadruple, I'm missing something. I was. Once you understand how it works, the cost of the item doesn't matter when you're paying for a debt slave, that's all it, you see somebody drive a 400-thed, now, I'm not even getting that, that's something totally different. Here, let me show you something, okay? I'm gonna show you debt slaves. Money is psychological for you, debt slaves, okay? Now remember, smarter.  Math is never wrong. Math is never wrong. Okay. I, let's, I'm going to make it real simple. Money doesn't exist for people who make car payments. Okay. Now the average car payment. Well, let's put it this way. Let me start it out this way. First of all, money is psychological for debt slaves. All right. This, this is play money. Okay. It really, they're both psychological, but they just decide to print this one. Okay. That's just the way it works. That's just how it works. Okay. Now, and I'm going to show you. Okay. Now, and it'll be totally up to you. You either believe the calculator or you don't. Let's told it to you. I don't really, it doesn't matter. I don't care. Right. Now the average car payment is $700 a month. Okay. Now imagine you're holding this $100 bill in your hand. Okay. And I want you to open up the calculator, happen to other.  And I want you to put in 100 representing this minus 700 and then hit equal. According to the calculator, the calculator says you do not have $100 in your hand. That's what the calculator says, okay? So we just remove this, okay? Now this is 6 negative $100 bills. Same thing, but they just don't print this one is just not printed because there's no need to print this one, okay? So there's no need, right? Now according to the calculator, the calculator says you have 6 negative $100 in your hand. You have these. You're actually holding these. Now this is what now I've just brought you to the door. I brought you to the door that exits the debt matrix. I'm here. I just brought you to the door. You're here.  the door says exit exit the debt matrix. Now at this moment you can choose to believe you have the if you choose to believe you still have the hundred dollars in your hand you will stay in the debt matrix until you're dead but if you believe you have the six negative one hundred dollars in your hand you'll get right out the door and then you cross over to the positive side of the economy that's the door to get to the positive side. It exits yes as exit but you enter the positive side you're exiting the negative side and you entering the positive side and then you turn around and then you participate in the economy properly pay your taxes on time never late never hiding money never cheating in line to anybody never lying to the IRS and tricking them and trick trying to scam the banks and all that you won't do none of that.  None of that is allowed on the positive side because there's no need for it. Absolutely no need because it's all you guys, that's like cheating over here would be cheating on myself. LG, what do you think the percent of people that have properties that rent them out actually own the properties they have? 1% maybe? You gotta remember the how the rental, the business property, business could not exist without debt slaves. They all believe, listen, when you really, it's actually pretty beautiful. They don't have no money to buy anything. They get a mortgage. I'm trying to walk it to the steps. They get a mortgage.  At that moment, they cross over to the psychological part because they immediately believe they own something and they're no longer renting, but all they did was change the word from rent to mortgage. And that was it. That's it. The word, they just, okay, you're no longer a renter, you're a person that pays it. Instead of paying rent, you pay mortgage, but they don't realize the word pay is still there. They don't stop and say, hey, wait a minute, but I'm still paying. They don't even know that. They think they own. That's where they cross over. And then of course, they're going to pull out the profit, which they will be taxed on. Money, like just money made from, you know, when other debit net debt matrix, they say money is made from thin air. It actually is. But you guys do with that slaves, you guys.  will pull out the money from the mortgage rental property. Then you have to pay tax and pay ordinary tax on it because you brought it into your per oh my god. All from nothing. You guys didn't even have the money to buy the profit. That shit is magnificent. Then they added you paid the taxes that which adds to income was pushes you up and you tax. Oh my god. It just keeps it just keeps happening and happening. You guys don't even get it. Absolutely beautiful. Have have long videos over mortgage versus rent people trying to make people that rent make them feel like they're just pieces of shit. That's what that's just that shit is so funny. If you're a renter and you have a person that's making you feel if you have a person with a mortgage trying to make you feel like a complete idiot. Like you just totally throwing away money on rent. You got to you got to stop. Listen, I'm going to give you a hint. Anybody.  How did that says that to you? I want you to, this is all I want you to say. Do you have a mortgage? If they say yes, they have no idea what they're talking about. Nothing. You have rent and probably about five, it's not like you have rent and you have $50,000 in student loan debt. They have a mortgage. They're in $300 plus $1000 of debt plus their credit cards, plus their cards plus their student loan debt. They're so far from being a homeowner. You just walk it, just don't listen. Don't listen to people like that. Doesn't matter what they think. You got to understand this. All that matters is what they're saying is mathematically incorrect. That is not true. You cannot buy a house with a mortgage. You can't. You decry haven't gotten stabbed. You can't make people liaid. PFFF  Try to make people feel bad about renting. That's shit, it'd be cracking the up, man. Oh my God, it cracked me up. Try to make people feel bad. Oh, you're throwing away money on rent. Do you have a mortgage? Yeah, okay. That's why you're saying that. They're gonna say, why? What do you mean? That's what I'm saying there. Because you have a mortgage. They're still not gonna know what you're talking about. Even if you showed them this video, let me tell you guys something, especially the younger you are, they can't hear me. It doesn't matter if you point them to the video and say, hey, look at his math, his math is right. What about the calculator? What's the, they can't hear you. They, you might as well just stop. I might as well be, even though I'm speaking English, I might as well be speaking another language. They can't hear me. Why? Because it's against the laws of mathematics for them too. They can't do it. Nobody can break the laws of mathematics. So they can't hear me.  That's the beautiful thing about it. I love it. It's beautiful. Whoever designed this shit, man. That's the real brainiac power right there. Believe that. I think if I said somebody put this shit together, somebody put it together. Of course somebody put it together. I always say, hey, man, they met on some island, some island. I think it was a few more people than that. I don't think it was just those guys at the table. I know they might have some money, but it takes a lot of brain power to do something like to pull this shit off. I promise you. I don't think it's in a book. I really don't believe that. I don't think you're going to find it on Amazon. I don't think it's an all think so. What I find ironic is that people won't stay in those homes long term. Many will sell in their 50s or 60s for sure.  The majority of people with mortgages right now they end up getting out of them because what, they're tired of paying the mortgage. Oh man, I'm getting too old. You know, a lot of people say this, oh man, you know, I'm gonna downsize and instead of saying, hey, I retired in Canada for my mortgage, they're gonna say something they're downsizing, what they're really doing is losing their house. They'll find a place to rent and just say that they're buying it. That's all you guys will believe it because they since they came from a one house you will automatically believe that they bought the next house. That's what you guys will believe. Oh man, these guys says, I love renting, for sure. I love it. Well, I'm gonna do it for every normal buy house but it doesn't bother me to rent, it really does it. It's actually beautiful, shit breaks. I just call it the landlord and comes and fix it. That's it. My rent.  doesn't go up for it. It's just it's just fit. And I got a good landlord man. He is man. It's this this is the one good thing about my landlord. I can clearly see he fully owns this whole complex that I can just look at him and tell the way he talks his mannerism. He owns this fully. I even asked him. I said, you own these right? No bank he was like, now I said, how long does it it fit? He said like 20 years 20 years. This dude has prime real estate too. It's prime. I'm sure I'm sure the land developers are beating his door down on all kind of money at him. But since he owns it, they can't do him like that. He loves he loves what he does. He loves. He's in his 80s and still walks this property like a like he's 50 on it everywhere walking around he just pops up and you know come to your place.  But he just, he just makes sure the whole grounds is just men. He just acts like this is his baby. This is a difference. You could just see it. We the people, we the sheep. I have no idea, I know a direction I want to take this gift, I do, but I don't really, I don't really make that decision. Because there's many times I was wishing something would go this direction or with somebody and it did, and I would get upset. But now I understand why that is because of where I am, where I am today. That's why that didn't work. When it's like, when you go, when you're in relationships, you can feel inside.  when a relationship is really over, right? You can feel it when it's just, when it's over, it's always negative, constant, negative energy. That's it. We don't really pay attention to it, but you can actually feel it. But since you can't physically feel it, you don't really believe it exists even though you can feel it inside your body. It's the most bananas thing anyway. Anyway, that's just telling you it's time to go. That's what it's telling. It's to A, it's time to go. Because when you find a proper positive relationship, it doesn't feel like that. Negativity is not there. It's not even there. It doesn't even exist. Hey, she fool around. Oh, she texts somebody. That stuff doesn't exist. That's no. Hey, man, you can't trust the, it says, who, you? It's like, put it this way. Let me give you guys, I know you guys don't think one thing has nothing to do with the other, but it does.  When you come across a person that's given you relationship advice, you've got to stop. And that's your self. Is that a death slave? Is the person that's giving me advice on the negative side of the economy who's a death slave? Believes they own a house with a mortgage, has several finance cars making payments. That's called a death slave. You don't take it back. You don't take any kind of advice from a death slave, any kind of advice because it's from the negative side of the economy. You don't do that. Who knows what they're angry about? Maybe they're laid on payments. Maybe the IRS is after them. Maybe they owe somebody some who knows what stuff is going on in their life. It doesn't matter. Of course, that's going to come out into in due their relationships. And this person's given you relationship advice. You don't know that's a death slave. You have no clue. Dad.  When you come on the positive side of the economy, that stuff like that doesn't happen anymore. It doesn't even come close. I know a woman whose parents paid on a home for 20 years and then they sold it to move back to their home land. They got into another mortgage in their 60s if they passed and their kids get the ditch. Well, they don't really pass debt like that. I don't want people believing that. If your parents have a mortgage and you happen to be their kids, the bank can come after you, that's not true. Come on. They can't just connect you like that. Oh, since they had you, you're automatically connect. That's not true. Come on, man. You guys get, I hope you guys don't be believing that type of stuff. It's like, this is what you're saying. Say like your parents were just financial mess-ups. So since they messed up, all their mess-  gets to come to you even though you didn't mess up at all. Come on, that would be totally unfair. You can't do that, okay? Everybody, everybody starts financially free, like 18-year-olds put it this way. Even though 18-year-old will never hear this and never believe it, right? Because social media, but what you don't know is when you're 18, you're financially free at that moment. Now it's up to you to start selling yourself. What's selling yourself? Financing cars, getting credit cards, financing trips and shoes and clothes. That's when you start selling yourself. You're selling yourself. All you have to do is never sell yourself. Ever, personally, never. Business is different, but personally, never sell yourself, ever. Every job you get, you walk in with your salary, require...  You don't walk in and say, hey, what you guys pay here? What you offer here? If you're good at what you do and you have no debt, you walk in with your salary requirements. You don't go by their chart? Their chart will have you working out of place for 10 years for a $5 raise. This is all you got to do. This is all you got to do. If you get a job at start night of certain pay, they're going to show you the money chart of how raises work and stuff like that, right? Find out where you are today and how much is going to make... What are you going to be making in five years? If it's $10, that should tell you everything you need to know. You're missing a piece. If it took... Like if you started out a certain wage and it took you working there five years to earn $10 more dollars an hour, that should tell you, wow, 10 years of my life?  for five or 10 years of my life for $10? That means you're missing a piece. Nothing's wrong with the company. Let's make sure this is straight. Nothing is wrong with the company. That's called business. If you accept that, that's your problem. That's not the business is problem. That is your problem. Damn, my 10 years of my life is worth $10 extra. If that's what you believe. If that's what you believe, yep, sure. If you say yes and you sign on the dotted line, you just told the job, that's what you believe. Now, when you're a desk slave, you don't know. You don't know the dip-wack. I get a so and so after, listen. Don't even go five years, let's go one year. Say like you get a job. And if you're there for-  And if you're there for a year, you get two more dollars an hour for a year of your life that you can never get back, they're going to give you two dollars. Nothing's wrong with the job. If you accept that, that is your problem. That's not their problem, that's your problem. When you understand the psychological piece, that shit is obvious. Like, oh hell no, I wouldn't know. No, thank you. When you know yourself and you know your worth, when you come to a job, especially like a successful business, they're going to know that you know, and they're going to treat you accordingly. Say like this, I guarantee you, there are some people like me that work at Apple. Guaranteed, no doubt in my mind. There are people that understand, there's a psychological piece in capitalism that work at Apple. We're very few.  There's very few of us. They might have, Apple might have two. They might have two people that understand as the psychological peasant capital, maybe two. They hear me, they're gonna know that I know. They're gonna, right off the bat, they're gonna know that I know. When I work for them, no. When I work with them, hell yes, I work with them for sure. Without a doubt, without a doubt. How, why do you say that? Because I understand you guys are dexlaves. It's you, everything is you. I could just say, hey, yeah, I can see that. Okay, yeah, they're gonna do this. If you do that, they're gonna do this because that's what you guys do. You guys have to do that. Chris Brown asks this might be taken if he doesn't pay four million, no taxis. This is, and this, that's it. I'm gonna.  Why did you brought this up, Gabriel? When I see a guy like Chris Brown, right? Here's a guy that clearly is doing passionately what he loves. You can clearly see him. He just wants to do his work, his gift. He's always on songs, he's dancing, he's doing tours. I mean, this dude is just, that's called passion. A guy like that doesn't want to deal with attack stuff. So imagine, imagine being Chris Brown that doesn't know there's a psychological peace and capitalism of guy that's just doing his passion. Can you imagine how many people are still in from him? So when I see stars, they say, hey, Chris Brown didn't owe, he owes $4 million is that you know what I think? Somebody fucked him. That's what somebody did. Now Chris, I mean Chris is responsible according to the IRS.  Iris says, Chris, that's your problem. Which is okay, that's correct. It's your problem. But if Chris knew there was a psychological peace and capitalism, he could still do what he does and never have that happen to him again ever. That would never happen again ever. None of that. All of his money leaking in different places would immediately fucking stop. That would stop. But Chris got so many things, so many people talking in his ear, he don't know who to listen to. I'm sure he doesn't need to know what to fuck. Do I listen to man? That would never happen again ever. That would never happen again. I could come in there and clean house, find them all, find all the people taking money and immediately remove them. Easy, not even hard, not even hard. And I would show him exactly how I'm doing it. Exactly, he would clearly see it. You don't need to, you don't need no degree, you don't need none of that. None of it.  I love how you always speak about the phantom income. Many companies don't say anything about the deals you spoke about unless you ask for sure. It's business. I get it. You know, today, when I look at Walmart, Target, Apple, Samsung, you guys, you guys have no idea what that really is. It's just, I mean, you guys, I mean, literally are addicted to the iPhone, addicted. But that takes hard work. They built a quality product, a quality service, everything is straight. I'm not knocking Apple for anything. It's beautiful. They built it so good that you guys are addicted to it.  You guys talk about, hey, if you're a Samsung, you're an Android, talking about the billion dollar businesses, they're just laughing and just, yeah, I'm not making, they probably be laughing in the background while you guys fighting over their product. As long as you guys are financing it on both sides, because it doesn't matter, you guys are financing phones on both sides and laptops and this and that. It doesn't matter, you guys are financing it. It doesn't matter if you finance an Apple product or you finance an Android product. You're financing it. When you hear, Android, Android Tates a slave, if your phone is financed, Android Tate is talking about you, but you don't know you are a debt slave. If you're watching this on your...  laptop and you find an instant. I'm talking to you. If you're making card payments, I'm talking to you. If you have student loan debt and you don't even know how much you have, I'm talking to you. Talking to you. He is talking about you, but nobody is keeping you there. You are keeping yourself there. You. Any questions? I remember listening to him. I was like, I say why they say that, but no need to get nervous kids. Fam SMD fair. I'm playing on the positive side of.  I know where I live. I know exactly where I live. Nobody, you come to the positive side, you're like, oh shit, this is lovely, it was beautiful, it was beautiful over here. Put it this way, when I discovered the 40-hour work week as a program, I was like, God damn, I didn't see that. Even though I used to say it, when I was a dead slave, I used to always say, who came up with Monday through Friday? Who came up with 40 hours? Why is overtime over 40 hours? And the only thing that the majority of people around you, especially dead slaves, say they say the exact same thing, oh, rich people, the wealthy created it. Well, if that's true, why don't you become them? But see, nobody tells you how to become them.  Step one, you have to own yourself. That is step number one, own yourself. These are things that I never hear Andrew Tate say. He never say, hey, own yourself. That slaves. You do it to yourself. He doesn't know there's a psychological peace and capitalism. That's what that means. There's a, there's currency created by the earth, gold, silver, platinum, whatever, whatever, earth, whatever, right? And then there's the dollar. Then there's the, then there's the US dollar. You understand what that means? There's, there's, there's currency that holds intrinsic value. It means everybody around the world says this is worth that. And then there's the US dollar.  That's the closest thing to intrinsic. What's up, Jack Weiss? LJ, the embarrassment of losing the car at 31 is really settling in. Okay. The hardest part is motivating yourself to get out of the house, but it's the, it's for the best refuse to keep up with the Joneses. Yes, that is, that is very tough. Very, this what I'm saying like this, Jack Weiss, only the strong can do that. If you could, if you could fit like the, the chains of psychological, you have psychological chains on, okay? If those were, listen, if those are physical chains, there would be no discussion if you're going to keep this house because, as long as you keep the house, you have to wear these physical chains, you would never even think like this. Oh, man, that's, that's really hard. I don't know. Ooh, it's scratching up the car.  You got to steer like this. You're going on dates. Everybody would know you're in slay because you have your chains on. And you're like, oh, but that house, you know? I don't want people to think I'm poor. I don't want people to think I'm poor. They clearly see you are because you have the chains on. See what I'm saying? That's the difference. That's how powerful it is. It instantly doesn't become a struggle in your mind. Instantly, if they were physical chains. Oh, that's coming. And there's going to be two books. I already got two books in my head already. The first book is for you guys, that's like, so you guys can see what I'm talking about. And then when you get to zero, there's another book. Because there's a life on the side. There's life on the positive side of the economy because once you pay off all your debt, you get all the way to zero.  I'm not a hero. Once you get to zero, you guess what? You come on the positive side of the economy. There's another book over here. And I'm still writing it in my head. I'm almost, I think I'm on it. I don't know if I'm ready to be finished, but I got a lot of contents already. Put it this way. If you are a person that's looking to write a book. You are passionate about what you do. I mean passionate. You would do this shit if you didn't even get paid. I'm looking for you. You'll be the number one book writer in the world. You sure will. You'll be the number one. You write it right. You'll be the number one book writer in the world. The world. I'm looking for you. It's right here. I just got a new.  job and with my with my mindset I forgot I moved differently than people. I'm in the people I'm in the debt matrix. I had to act like I blend in. This job will allow me to pay off my desk for exactly. You got to you have to blend in. You have to. If they have if they start having money conversations, you just nod your head. You just go, oh, sir. Hey, man, I just got my brand new car. Just what you do. Say like you got a person that rolls up in a brand new car. Desolaves love to tell you how much the car is. They love to say that. They love like they paid cash for it. So say like they rolled up in a brand new truck. The truck cost $70,000. They're going to tell you that the truck costs $70,000. Working at the same job you have. This is what you got to do. Wow. Nice truck. Why can I see inside? Sure. I'll take a ride with you. Okay. Wow. It does ride nice. Man. Everybody's looking at you. Oh, wow.  Man, it's a head-turner. Yeah, they sure are looking at brand spanking new no-plates. 2024 before the year even comes and you finance it. I'm sorry, the people that finance, I said like that somebody finances a 2024 in 2023 and start putting miles on in 2023 when the year hasn't even come yet. Oh. Hey everybody look what I got. I got a 2024 they ain't even out yet. Yeah, and they finance it. They finance it. Start putting miles on the car before the year of the car.  So like this, they got the card in Financing in October of 2023. Start putting miles on it from October. And then 2000 by the time 2024 come, they already have 20,000 miles on it. Now, when they go to sell the car, they say, hey, I'm looking to trade in this card. They're going to be like, this car is over mileage. Oh, yeah, yeah, man. But you know, that's okay because I put the miles on it. I put the those miles on it in 2023. It's like, they're going to be like, we don't care when you put the miles on it. We're just saying that it has the miles. Oh, man, those guys got to be the backsman got to be cracking up. And this is another thing I realized too. When I was a desolate, I remember when I first learned, people can roll negative equity into a new car loan. I was like, God makes no sense. Why would the  Why would they do that? They know that's a depreciating object and they're financing it. And they're rolling, I mean, you guys are so far upside down in that car. It's like, okay, then they're selling gap insurance and all this stuff. I said, why would they do that? Because if they didn't, the car loan market would crash. 99% of you guys are upside down in your cars. So if they said, hey, sorry, you're upside down in your car. We can't give you a car loan. You guys would all be out of cars. You'd be like, hey, wait a minute, something's wrong here. What that's weird? We all have no cars. We all have no cars. What's that is? So they got a roll that shit in there. I get it. Congratulations, bank. You guys don't want to. You will have to. I can't get it. Tell them to get it. Tell them to get it. That shit is funny. Let's put you guys be all out and say, wait, wait, wait, wait. What happened? Why are we all catching a bus at the stage?  You guys will wake up, you guys that can't happen. That can not happen, that can not happen. Shout out to John Kennedy for the $5 Super Chat. Thank you, appreciate changing my life. You are welcome. Miami Florida. Hopefully when I'm on tour, Miami Florida should be one of my styles, hopefully. I can't wait. LJ, do you feel about conscious death? How do you feel about conscious death when you join the military? I like the tech gigs in Air Force. And if I, yeah, that'd be good. Put it this way. They're going to, they're going to, probably nine times out of 10, they're going to test you. Again, there's not a lot of people that understand there's a psychological peace and capitalism. So when they test you, they're going to know that you know something that the majority of people do not. Because they're going to have, they're probably going to have you ask a certain type of questions, right? In order to,  even ask answer those type of questions, you have to know there's a psychological piece. You have to know that to answer these questions as you're not going to get these questions. You're not going to get these right. I think that would be small. I think they would have a place if that's your choice. If that's your choice, I think they would most definitely have you in a very good place. It's even crazy here in North Florida, because many people up here put more miles on their cars before people do a lot of commuting. Yeah, because people do a lot of sure do. Stuck in traffic, not realizing they're in the very thing that's keeping them in traffic. Because if you're stuck in traffic every day, you have car payments, that's why you're stuck in traffic, because you're making car payments. The very thing you're making payments on is causing you to be stuck in traffic. But I have to, if that's what you believe.  If that's what you have to be in traffic, I guess you do. If that's what you're saying. If you go, if you're in traffic every day and you believe you have no choice, I guess that's what you believe. I have no choice. If you're saying it, but it's not true. You do have a choice. You do stop financing cars. Stop financing phones. Stop financing play stations. Stop financing shoes. Stop using after pay. Stop using all the after pay apps. Stop using all that. Stop making stop financing a shirt for three easy payments. Stop doing that. When you hear Andrew Tay talking about slave.  You know, he's talking about people that use afterpay apps. All you guys that use afterpay something something something that makes you can make payments or he's talking about you. Only deslays make payments on shoes. Only deslays make a payment on a pair of pants makes payments on a pair of pants. Only deslays do that. If you did that and now you're not making payments to the afterpay business, you're going to pretty much die deslays. You're like way down there. Collections, student loan debt, say like you have a hundred thousand dollars in student loan debt, but you're making thirty thousand dollars a year. Now you that's what's causing you to use afterpay apps and stuff like that. That's what that means.  Again, when it comes to Mr. Tate, he just, I know where I live. Maybe somebody, somebody here saying, that's not true. Stop saying that because that's not true. Nobody ever thinks of that. Will you stop saying that it's like, you ever have somebody say something about you that was not true? Everybody here, almost everybody has experienced something like that. Somebody says something about you that is not true. What you're going to do, you're going to confront the person, hey, hey, motherfucker, why are you saying that? You know, that's what you're going to say. Anybody ever think about that? That's not true. When you don't own yourself, you believe that that's true. That's nobody's holding anybody back.  LJ start that in green vegetables every day to declare fire your okay I'm gonna start and I'm gonna start doing that That's a whole that kind of stuff. Let me tell you guys up if you're not part of the The life after death or whatever I name that group. That's the next level of speak It's a whole different level to this gamma. Sometimes I just come over here to talk to you guys depth-lays about the things you guys can see Because there's a psychological piece that you cannot I promise you there that that's a promise If you want a different life Come see me I can teleport you get on the Star Trek being you across light years mentally psychologically of course Bam All the way to deposit the side of the economy from the negative to the past  I'll be in you all the way over there, but you can't just go. You got to go, you got to go along the road. You got to fill it. You got to pay back all the money that you borrow from businesses to buy shit blah blah blah. Why? Because when you get to zero, you're going to want to start your own business and you're not going to want to people. You're not going to want people to do that to your business, right? You don't want, you want people to buy shit for your business and not pay you? That's why you got to fill it paying back so you won't do it. So you won't do it again. That's how it works. When I borrowed the student loan money, I had to pay it back. Yeah, it was a lot of paperwork, but the bottom line is, I have to pay it back. If they like, you're like, you can bankrupt all debt, but it's just student loan debt because if they allow you to do it, guess what you guys would do.  bankrupted. Okay, that's exact. You guys with this one, you guys would do you will go out get your doctorate degree and then file bankruptcy say, oh, I got my doctor doing it. They can't take it back. That's exactly what you guys would do That's why they don't allow you guys to do it, that slaves. Okay, that's obvious If you have stood alone debt Andrew Tate is talking about you You borrowed money from the government the government said hey, we want it back. That's all it's saying to give it back Just give us the money that you brought back Sure sure sure  You see, hey, check this out Gabriel. What do you see when you go to the grocery stores? Everything lined with candy, everything. Well, my God, rose it at shit, sugar buns. It's winked donuts and this and that, sugar cookies everywhere lined. Why do you think that is? When I walk through that shit, I'm like, you're not tricking me, you're not tricking me at all. I know why this whole wall is, I mean, they put the candy up right next to the checkout registers. You checking your stuff out at Walmart, they got candy sitting in your face. You know what that says? Don't eat it, just stop eating it. That's what that means. That tells me to stop eating candy. You trying to shove it down my throat? Why are you trying to shove it down my throat? That's suspicious. As soon as I check out, I see some donuts. you  Walmart got that shit bad too. I mean you walk in the Walmart. What did they got down the main aisle? Sugar You got a wall of sugar down the middle of the aisle and then you go through that wall to the next walls of sugar all the way throughout the register and they got They got sugar on the other side of the register That means don't eat no sugar. That means I'll be sugar. That's what that means. That's what it tells me Stop eating sugar Sugar is a powerful a man sugar is a powerful drug that's powerful sugar is powerful You got to win yourself off with sugar that takes a minute You got to slowly you can't just stop sugar's in everything everything If you if you ain't sugar right, but then you go to fruit and you like yeah  fruit is not sweet enough that means you're addicted to sugar that's what that means. Check this out Gabriel. You add sugar with fast food home delivery. Obesity you guys have no idea. Obesity is a you can't you don't even have to go get your fast food. You don't have to go get your groceries. You don't have to do you don't have to drive yourself. You don't have to do nothing. Obesity is about to go through the roof. I put it strongly advised if you're young stay in shape. Take care of your tea. Take care of your tea. All you got to do is this. This is what you got to say in your area. Look how many little small dental places are popping up all over the place. I want you guys damn they're like seven to left.  Why is it because people are not taking care of the teeth? And that's shit calls bread and guess how they're paying for it. They're financing it. People are financing their teeth because they are not taking care of them. I'm really happy. I'm really happy to have you here. I'm really happy to have you here. I'm really happy to have you here. I'm really happy to have you here. I'm really happy to have you here. Luna Business said thank you for the thank you for your knowledge. I'm 35 now. I don't have debt because I follow your channel. Congratulations. Stay that way. Make sure you stay that way. Your life is going to change forever. It's going to change forever. They be like, oh, you think you're the shit, yeah? I do. Why are you saying that? Oh, you always walk around like you think you're all that? Well, I am. That's what I would say. I am. You saying it like, if that, you got to remember it.  People are saying that to you. That is their projection of you. Even though it's not you, they're telling you their projection of you. Because only you know you. That's their projection of it. So you just agree. Yeah, I do. You always think, you shit, don't stay can't. Okay. Yeah. Congratulations. Get candy, eat candy, get candy, eat candy, get candy. Oh, Walmart's bad man. They're bad with that candy, man. I was like, every time I go to the store, I was like, they got us checking ourselves out. And Walmart executive, you guys ain't slick, man. You guys are not slick. You guys got all these registers, open up about three of them. And then you put all retirees inside of the registers. All retirees.  that are in there just moving turtle slow. So when you walk in, you're gonna look down the aisle, you're gonna be like, damn, she's like, and you see this all day, so how are you guys doing today? Yeah, yeah, oh, Pete, oh, listen, Pete, this is so man. What you gonna do? You're gonna go to self checkout, that's what you're gonna do. Now you're gonna go through the maze of donuts and candy to get to your register, and guess what? Check this fucking self out. That's what you're gonna do. You gonna check yourself out. Bitch. That's what I feel like Walmart say to me when I check myself out. Okay, I'm, listen, when I stand in line to check myself out at Walmart, I'd be like, oh, damn it, it shouldn't be like such a bitch. Oh, you guys lucky, you guys are the biggest and best. You guys are gonna know who I am Walmart. You know who I am Fang Horowitz.  Oh, man, God damn. I just want to look up at the camera and say, I'm not like them, Walmart. I just want you to know. Oh, man, any questions, any questions I'm going to get out of here. I'm going to tag this. I hope I hope Mr. Tape sees this himself. If he gets out of his situation or whatever that is, again, I don't follow it. I don't really want to know. Don't send me nothing about it. I don't that's none of my business. Okay. None of my business. But anyway, if there are no questions, I'm not sure. Oh, that is true, Gabel. You write about that. I had a sugar products and packaged items have led you. I truly believe that. I think also with these names.  that they do the same things. Kids automatically will think they are that. If you feel like this, it's that without getting properly diagnosed by a professional, you know? Most people just Google it. Elge, that's why I paid debt slaves to do my shopping for me, understood? Cause when you're, when you know, and I understand what you're saying, because if you know you get to a point where your time is more valuable than doing something else, I'll pay a debt slave to do it. I'm not going, I'm not going to waste my, my time is more valuable than that. So I'm not going to do that. Like when I something breaks on my truck, I just take it to the shop and get it fixed. Like I had a, on my truck, I had some kind of parasitic draw. Like if I left my truck alone for a couple days, my battery would be totally dead. I didn't feel like looking.  I just took it to a shop and had them find a he was like, hey, it's going to take us a few hours to do this and that. I said, I don't care. Just find it. Long as I said, will it be done right? That's all I care about. Will it be done right? He said, yes, I said, okay, call me when it's done. I don't want to deal with that. I got it. He fixed it. Zero draw. Now I can leave my truck sitting for a week. And that starts right up. I got a professional to do it. I don't want to do it. Get work apps or yes, they are for sure. See when you own yourself. I don't not explain this part, but you automatically start figuring out ways how you can own more of your time. Because you want you own yourself, you will know you cannot own yourself fully if you have a job because you're selling your selling the time of your life to the job. So you automatically start figuring out how you can get back more of this time. That's just like automatic. Automatic.  Exactly. We got we got people for that. Sure do. Time is so precious for sure. In a minute, I'll do it in a minute. The guy was like the repair guy was like, you know, the way he was saying it to, he's like, well, you know, that might be a couple hours. I said, OK. Is it going to be done right? Yeah. Call me what is done. I got to have him look for an extra and I appreciate him calling me saying, oh, something was going to take an extra hour or he had to add a piece to do something. I appreciate that. I said, cool. Call me when it's done. I get up to the register. He says, oh, is that credit? I was like, nope, debit. He was like, oh, he was shocked that I was paying with my debit card. I consider, I consider reaction on his face when I said debit. He's like, oh, yeah, no credit debit. Here you go. Swipe. Now the only reason why and the reason why I said it, the only reason why I use this because that's the only card I had on.  me at the time. I do have a credit card that I use at every place okay for different reasons, different kind of protection. Okay. All right, if there are no questions, I guess I'm gonna get on out of here. I sure does the same thing two days and batteries. Yep, take it to a place. Go find a go find a place to say I have a parasitic draw. That's how you gotta say parasitic draw and say I need that fixed. They found mine now. I can leave it for a week now. It doesn't even starts right up right up. I didn't feel like looking. Okay. Cool, cool. Now I'm a tag, you know, the Andrew Tate stuff in it just to see, you know, hopefully he sees it. Hopefully it's one of his people's.  you whatever. All right, peace out, Django. Gabriel. Thank you, everybody, for joining today, much appreciated. Hope you catch the replay. Till next time, see ya. I did that totally wrong. Now I'm going in. All right, see you guys later.