 Hello friends, welcome to End of Dates another video It's been a while old friend It has been a while. You know, it's really funny What I could be anywhere in the world I want right now I want to make it lighter in here before we start to make it lighter in here is too dark Nice didn't think ahead Real smooth. What do you mean didn't think ahead? Oh my hands of water here also, which I didn't get in advance So I'm about to block the cameras Now I want to brighten it's too dark. It's like we don't need this light on don't we? We normally have some kind of light on I think we do fine. I want it lighter it feels dark turn on those lights Someone needs to pay the price for this there much brighter is it? Yeah, now we need that one too to balance it out Of course fucking the betrayal on the return of words to me. I am fucking betrayed  Why? It looks dark. It doesn't. In fact, I look very pale. But one in the chat, if it needs to be brighter and two in the chat, it's fine. Let's see. Because I feel like I'm being betrayed all around me. But I'm surrounded by traitors and cowards. Okay, so I'm going to continue the emergency meeting like there's no issue. Because look, there's no issue. This looks great. It might be the screen. This looks perfectly great. Right, everyone's fine. I want everyone at home to know that when I identify the piranhas who are surrounding me, when they, the people who are trying to drain me of my life force, destroy my brand, I have a strong suspicion. My brother is leading a rebellion. Tristan, as I was saying, no, we're not doggy. You mean, though, something is happening here that it looks fine. You've lost.  your mind. Are we ready to start the emergency meeting? And you please play the disclaimer and the intro. Disclaimer probably needs update. But sorry, the emergency meeting. Yes, put the disclaimer on and let's go for the emergency, the emergency meeting. Emergency meeting. Emergency meeting emergency meeting emergency needed there smart emergency meeting. See you did their smart. Emergency meeting!  But be like a perfect loser I'll be like a great man You know what's funny old friend? Tell me You know People really thought that we cared That they somehow got us When we were on house to rest To just show control Can't leave our house in Romania You guys are sitting in your studio in Romania Because you can't go anywhere You guys can't even leave your house Right now I can go anywhere in the world I like Besides probably what North Korea? I can go anywhere Yep Of my passports, millions of dollars in the bank I can fly to basically anywhere in the world right now And I can stream life from anywhere in the world too I can be in China, I can be in Iraq I can be in South Africa, I can be in Mexico And what's funny is I feel like we're really getting The people who laughed at us But maybe you're stuck in your house in Romania By being in our house in Romania  by choice. That is pretty good. Imagine logging us in our house for three years and then you let us go and we come back to our house. To do emergency meetings. You guys are just streaming online at your house because you can't go anywhere. I can go anywhere I like. We want to talk to our friends. I like my house. If there's nothing better than emergency meeting with our friends, my house is fucking cool. And so is my podcast studio. And so are emergency meetings. Put up the notifications of people who signed up to the real... There we go. Yeah, that's what I like being. This is the best place to possibly be. So we're gonna talk about our little America tour. We're gonna talk about what we did and we're gonna talk about what we have coming up. Because our plan is... Elaborate. But we're gonna take over the world. We're gonna basically take over the world. Are you ever seen Pinky in the brain? Yeah. You're not the brain. I'm the brain of anybody. I have to be. No, I'm the brain. What does Pinky even do? Well, Pinky's actually, if you read the conspiracy theories, the real genius behind their work. Why? Because at the beginning it says one is a genius and the other's insane. But it's Pinky who's actually much more based.  and solid in his plan of actions and the brains plans go wrong. So it's actually, there's a conspiracy theory that the real genius is pinky. Right, so basically, Nordriss and we travel around all of America and everybody loves us. Nobody hates us at all. She is this. Isn't that wild how you think people dislike you because bots on the internet and people who you'll never see in real life because they'll never go out anywhere important or anywhere expensive or anywhere nice or anywhere fun or anywhere cool because they're online, insesitantly typing, I don't like to and you think, oh, maybe if I go outside of the real into the real world, some people might not like me because that's the vibe I get from on the internet. And when we were out in public, how many people didn't like us? How many people reacted negatively towards us? Zero. Did you count? Absolutely. Literally zero. Everyone was fucking loves us. Everybody fucking loves us. So first and foremost, thank you for the wonderful welcome that I got from everywhere I went and by everybody who I met the entire time because everyone was super happy to see us and everyone had smiles on their faces and everyone wanted pictures and everyone wanted hugs.  and everyone wanted high fives. And you know, it felt good to remember just how loved we are. It's like the Michelle Obama hoax, or the Don Lemon hoax, where you think these people are revered and liked and famous and important, because the MSM pushes the narrative that they are so much. Then they get online and no one watches them. Millions of people online watch us, and the MSM and the narrative are all there, bad, no one likes them, they're bad, no one likes them, but the moment we step out of our house, everyone actually fucking loves us, everyone loves us. I'm convinced that our haters aren't even real people. They're AI bots, but at this current point, I'm convinced they're AI robots. You know, it's really important actually. We're gonna talk about this, because there's a huge crisis of conscience that most of you are suffering from that you've not identified yet, but being the genius I am, I'm gonna identify it for you. If you have been following us for a while, we reignited part of you that you forgot existed, that died, and we set it back on fire and brought it back to life. And I'm gonna identify a current crisis of...  conscience that many of you are having that you didn't realize you were suffering from. So Tristan made a very important point talking about how the darlings of the matrix, like Michelle Obama, are now being exposed to being universally hated and the enemies of the matrix like the tape brothers are being shown to be universally loved. Everything is reversed. But in many ways, although the battle is not over, to be honest, we have won a lot of the initial wars that we were fighting against. The transgender bullshit has gone away. The women in men's sports, bullshit has gone away. No one wants to fund foreign wars anymore. Nobody wants to wars. Nobody wants USAID. They can't bring the elections to same. Everyone's calling out the truth in America. Europe is still fallen. But in America, a lot of the battle has been won. And when I talk about crisis of conscience, there's a lot of you which may not realize it anymore. But you're starting to lose enthusiasm. A lot of you aren't feeling as happy as you thought you should feel.  Elation of Trump's victory has worn off. You're sitting at home going, okay, well we won now what? Because the battle you were stuck in has been one enough to not make it worth fighting for however The remnants exist so you tweet about the remnants of the battle But nobody believes this shit and nobody cares anymore There's no longer a competent enemy to compete against so you find yourself with all of this potential energy that were you were previously Expending attacking our enemies and you're not sure what direction to put it in and we're gonna talk about that and talk about the future What our plan is because we have the same struggle and what your plan should be to ensure that we endlessly forever conquer earth Yeah, it's very hard being engaged for you know five six seven years of your life probably since the beginning of COVID is when this started for me and you our true counterculture You know movement that we started that we led that millions of people have joined in with us It's very difficult for some people for some people those who are on our team those who are minor players and  the game, you know, the 20, 30,000 Twitter accounts, you know, who did their part and, you know, push the narrative correctly to know what to do next. What do you do next? What does the soldier do when the war is finally up? Because what the soldier should do, what you need to do is re-analyze the map and redirect your energy in the most efficient possible direction. What you don't want to do is get caught in the trap of trying to become forever more and more based and picking more and more niche arguments to the point where you're just an internet autist that nobody understands. Guys, Trump won. Most girl boss bullshit's over. What we need now is a resurgence of hypercompetent, hyperfiscally successful masculine males who have a vested interest in their countries and in culture. That is what we need. We do not need to sit down and nitpick about certain elements of Trump's cabinet. We do not need to sit down and nitpick about how this one decision was wrong. No. What we need to do is...  is get rich, get strong, get influence. We need to change the culture. We need to get Netflix shows. We need to get Hollywood movies. We need to get more and more famous. We have to be more and more well known. We need all of you at home to get larger and larger YouTube channels, rumble channels. We want you everywhere. We want you telling the truth. We want you living a lifestyle that is true to the masculine imperative in the most possible and the most beautiful possible way so that you're respected. We want to change the entire culture so that this woke crap can never bite again. Starting to sit at home and nitpick Trump's cabinet decisions because you have potential energy that you don't know where to put it. Isn't the most effective way to win the war into the future, I believe. It isn't, no, you're completely correct. And for one, the example I gave, I said this to somebody who I know very well, and he goes, give an example. And I said, I don't particularly like electric cars. And he lawns the fucking man. Get over it. So yeah, it's all, it's full steam ahead now. So let's read out the super chat. Some of the places we've quit, some America. And then let's talk about our...  future plans. Okay, we'll talk about how we're going to give a bunch of money to the people watching the stream. Cool. We're going to talk about America very, very soon. So some people are sending super chats for that. So you know, money, please pay for the Christians in Syria. Yeah. Syria, what's happened there is an absolute disgrace. Obviously, things are being held together in a much better way. But you know what? I'll briefly touch on Syria, what's happening in Syria. It's almost like people don't learn their lesson. It's almost like every single time we are told the leader of a Middle Eastern country is bad and we need to get rid of him and then they get rid of him and then things get worse. No one seems to learn their lesson. And what's what's very sad about the serious situation is the same thing that's sad about the Libya situation. And it's the same thing that's sad about the Iraq situation. The fact that they've played this trick on you a million, billion, zillion different times of this guy's bad. We need to get rid of him. The matrix attacks him. The news talks about how bad he is. The get rid of him and in that area of the world, which wasn't perfect and the leader wasn't perfect. And these people were not saints exponentially worse. It's absolutely tragic what is happening in every single Middle Eastern country is  especially the ones where we were told the leader is bad and we have to overthrow him because then again, it gets much worse So yeah, that's that's my spiel on cereal, which is very very true So maybe maybe hopefully now forever wars and endless wars are over But next time we are told by a government let's say the Democrats crack so the war mongers get back in charge or they get their own way Next time we are told that X leader of X country is an evil psychopath And we get rid of them for the sake of freedom of democracy and love and happiness and joy Maybe we should say you know what that's not our part of the world We should shut the fuck up and stay out of it because they're managing it the best they can maybe that's the lesson for the future Well, so super chat let me read it Andrew this isn't a pitch. I gave AI real consciousness everyone fumbled it You were the only one I knew would feel this I've arrived first come first crown listen Firstly, I doubt it, but if you've given AI consciousness if any of you have actually done anything amazing where you have amazing business ideas Fundraiser.com we need to put together something in fact get Robert to do this now and explain all our domain  What fundraiser.com does? What altcoin.com does? What cobertate.com does? What university.com does? What join the real world.com does? What the war room.ag does? Give me a breakdown of all our domains I can put on the screen. Give me something fancy that looks very, very nice. And before we show that, I want to ask Tristan some questions. Tristan, how was it to reunite with your cousin? I have a cousin. Remind me. Tell us about your cousin. We're back. We're back. We're back. Think it's too much of a happy year. You have time to get a fucking space. I don't know if you're going to buy me a car or not. I'm going to get a car. I'm going to get a car. Tristan, the clothes you made me buy are gone. AI. We are totally back. You don't understand. Oh, it's from here. It's full of life. We're back. So we saw your cousin for the first time in 2.5 years. He's still a New York cousin. He still doesn't have a space suit. He still has no nice clothes. He doesn't wear the Rolex we bought for him. And he just has millions and millions and millions of dollars. But he hides from the internet and he doesn't have it online.  I don't have a identity, it doesn't have a bank account, and you wear stupid glasses. Can you explain to everyone at home why your cousin does that, please? I don't have a cousin. And that video is that I don't recognize the people in that video, I'm certainly not in that video. No, no, the people at home don't understand. The richest one of us three is him. Okay. And he has no nice cars, agree, no nice watches, doesn't go anywhere, doesn't leave his house, doesn't buy clothes, he doesn't do anything. He is your cousin, and I want you to explain that why he spent 2.5 years on a self-imposed house arrest somewhere deep in the Saudi desert. Explain what the fuck he's been doing, and why that's all he ever wants to do, and why he's gone back there and is no longer answering the phone again. You have to ask your cousin. He is a weirdo. Your cousin. Your cousin is a fucking weirdo. If you gave any of these people money who were watching this show, $50, $60, $70 million, you would not live that life. You know, I actually believe in people who practice what they preach though. I do, because losers who have none of the things that they want in life, look at the things I have in life, and they tell me that I shouldn't...  want the things I want because they apparently want different things. One, I don't believe them. There's always some dude in America where he's in some dead-end job. Lives in a city, probably messaging girls on Instagram that are unobtainable to him and he can't get his dick sucked. He can't get his wee wee sucked. He's got some fat ugly wife and he says stupid things like, I just want acres in the forest to get away from materialistic people. Okay, acres in the forest, that's a couple million dollars, hot, self-sustaining grid. Okay, fine, you need a couple million dollars to do that. And I noticed that one, these people never have those things. So they don't practice what they preach. And I also bet two that if I gave them, you know, six foot four frame that was in shape with muscles and a hundred million dollars, they wouldn't go to the forest, would they? Whereas your cousin at least practices what he preaches. We also met some very famous and influential people in America. I'm excited about that. I'm excited to have some future interviews and some future collaborations perhaps denounced. We met Ryan Garcia. We met Kanye West. Maybe I haven't seen this video.  This was Kanye very kindly invited us to his underground Batman-esque cavern where he produces his genius and it was truthfully quite an amazing experience. It was an interesting thing. When I walked in there, I was like, this is unlike anywhere I'd ever been before. It was truly unique. He's a truly unique person. Guys, imagine Kanye calls you and you walk into a building and this is what you see. I predict the future. Let's go next. It's like it's a war. You know, you blow on a war. You can't tell it's my put down. It weapons. It's a war, you know. And then soldiers are ready to really die. You know what I'm saying? For what they believe. And if you really are soldier, it's like, uh, this is the next frontier we started in the world.  And yeah, he understands the matrix. Yeah. He understands very well from the inside out how they've been lying to all of us and guys. Like I said, the crisis of conscience is now coming because you believe you have won. We have done a lot of what we can do to damage the matrix. And now in many ways it is up to Trump. It is up to Elon. It's up to the endless quest for truth. And you are looking for your place in this battlefield. And we're going to offer you that place because we are recruiting soldiers directly inside of the real world dependent on your power level. We're going to explain everything at the end. Real world 2.0 and the soldiers were going to be recruiting who can earn themselves huge amounts of money to complete tasks for the empire. Yeah. Sorry, sorry. I'm Darth Vader and I need stormtroopers. I don't get the reference. That's what it's the empire. I've never seen Star Wars, but he has a shape, right? I don't know. And he walks.  around and everyone's scared of him, right? Why wouldn't you just use a man from history? Who exists? Everyone's scared of me. So, and then he gets his stormtroopers, and he makes them do shit. Doesn't he choke bitches out with his imaginary bitch jokes, human trafficking? Human trafficking. We're talking. We'll talk a little bit about human trafficking in a minute. Matt Ryan Garcia. Hey, we have the year. All right, go for it. Superstar. So, how's the set? How you doing, man? Good. Good. I'm looking forward to make second. I want to see that, man. Last took. You know, I'm going to grab. Excited? Yeah, of course. So, what's the minute of year? In the year. Long year. Did you enjoy it? Were you still trading or were you enjoying it? Uh, trade in there. You did a bit. You did a bit. How old are you now? 26. I don't know. Years, not growing all the time in the world. All the time in the world. Matt, it's amazing. How uh.  We actually met a lot of people that didn't make it to camera as well though. We genuinely did. Oh, we met a lot of people that didn't make it to camera. Guys, sit at home. Let me ask you a question. If I were to say, what are the top three most crazy people the tape brothers could have had a private conversation with? What names would you write down? Because you might be pretty fucking close. And then you have to ask yourself a very important question. Let's analyze this. If we have certain things, certain conversations, certain interactions on camera, what do you think we talk about off camera? Yeah, because loads and loads of people at every single meeting, there were multiple people who we met who were very, very cool. That one particular Ryan Garcia, meaning we also met Devon Haney. Very cool. Very, very, very blessed, talented boxer, very smart young man. Rollie Romero came over to shake hands with us and they're all opponents. But as I always say on Twitter, everyone's like, oh, do you like, you know, tank Davis? Do you like Devon Haney? Do you like Ryan Garcia? My answer is always the same. Ryan's my boy. I know him personally. However, they're all extremely talented young men making a bunch of money and demonstrating exquisite sporting ability.  and I wish them all the very best. So there's four stars and there's celebrities, but there's also some of the most powerful people on the planet. So this is your exercise for disemburdening to me. And guys, think, use your fucking brain. Let's analyze for a second. If the tape brothers who have just escaped a matrix attack and an unfair incarceration under a foreign questionable judicial system meet the most powerful people in the world who have the most amount of influence over their human populace. What conversations will they be having off camera? What will we be talking about when nobody can hear? And then how would we be offering value to these people? I want you to use your brain. This is a exercise. This is something that I'm not just saying hyper-ballically. I want you to sit down and actually think if Andrew Tate and Tristan Tate met three or four of the most powerful people in the planet, who would those people be? And then what would the value exchange look like? Because powerful people don't talk for no reason. Important people talk to each other so they can extract and...  extrapolate value from each from one another. I want value from the people I talk to. They want value from me. How can my brother and I offer value to the most important and powerful people in the world? And what would they offer us in exchange? If you do this mental exercise, get a pen in the paper and actually try and work it out, try and actually calculate what we'd be offering and what they'd be offering us. And you might be able to identify a huge opportunity for you for yourself. When I start to hire my storm troopers, we also met Dana White.  You know the best thing about me and Dana White? I can tell the future. I know things that happen that I don't see. I guarantee that when Dana White, when people who don't like us, and there are many people who don't like us, people who work for the matrix, you know, people who work directly for the matrix, people like Ben Shapiro, etc. Although Dana probably wouldn't talk to that guy. The enemies of Andrew Tristotay, I can guarantee when it came out that I was going to be at the power slap event and I was going to be at the UFC event. I guarantee Dana got some phone calls. I guarantee he got some smoke. I guarantee he got some Andrew Tristotay, or human traffickers. You shouldn't like the matrix show, blah, blah, blah, blah. I don't know how I know that, but I just do. I'm 100% sure that those conversations took place. And the fact that after being at the power slap, we went to the UFC and nothing bad happen in our invites were never revoked. That means in those conversations, Dana White must have told these people to go and fuck themselves.  Which is super, duper cool. And I would do the same for basically anyone on the planet with a clean criminal record. I don't give a fuck if people don't like what other people say. If I want them at my event, I'd have them at my fucking event. But I'm not an events guy. Dana White has arguably the biggest sporting events in the fucking world because he's the man and he must have told some people. Probably some powerful people, people whose names we might know to go and fuck themselves. And that is super, things like that made me feel welcome in the United States. If they're going to the power slap, then I'm at the UFC the next day. I'm thinking he must have told someone to fuck off. Someone must have called him and said we're bad people. Surely. Well, this is an important element of the matrix breaking. As the matrix breaks, free expression of ideas is now going to be the accepted norm. Well, there are certain ideas which are still contraband, but the idea that you're allowed to speak your mind and say different points of view is the basic premise behind the destruction of the matrix. But that means you need to be able to add merit to your eyes.  ideas. Guys, under liberalism, under the insanity we just lived under, under the last four dark years, you didn't need to lend credence to your ideas. You just needed to disagree with the matrix because it was so pertinently obvious that they were lying and people's intrinsic baseline biological instincts would not would indicate to them that you were telling the truth. Now we're entering a different world and there's a far more complicated spectrum of ideas in regards to how society should run, how conservatism should work, what a man is, what a woman is, it was easy when you said a man had a dick and a woman had a vagina. That was easy. That's now gone. Now when you say what a man is, some people are going to say a man is married. Some of them are going to say a man is not married as many wives. Some of them are going to say a man is a guy who just gives up on women and focuses on his mission. There's all these different things. So you need to be able to explain your ideas, lend credence to them, argue for them and get far more nuanced detailed and pertinent points than you previously had.  The best way for you to add credence to your ideas is to add credence to yourself. Now that we're entering a more complicated battleground, you need more complicated weaponry. And the complicated weaponry is your personal abilities and your personal competency. If you're still going to sit at home as a brokeie, as a lazy nobody, and believe that you get to just shout out the pertinently obvious like men have dicks and women don't, to still how still somehow be considered a warrior in the battle against evil, you are wrong. The difficulty has increased, meaning you need to increase your value as a character to compete. Yeah, it's all about who you are. I mean, there are people probably watching this who understand theoretical physics and particle physics much better than me. There are people who go to university and study these things. I have a very, very amateurish understanding of these things. However, if you challenged Einstein's theory of relativity and said it wasn't true, even though you have a university degree and you've written a thesis, nobody would give a fuck. I trusted Tate, who knows sweet fuck.  about any of this. If I said on a public podcast, you know what Einstein's theory of relativity is wrong, here's why I broke it down and even if, which I would be, I was talking complete bullshit. The news media would cover this. The BBC, M at CNN, the MSM would be like, Trisha Tate thinks he's disproven the theory of relativity, proposed by Einstein above it. It doesn't matter what you know, it matters who you are, then what you know. Because you could know all the shit in the world, but no one gives a fuck about you if you are a nobody. So this is actually extremely important, because if you don't upgrade your character, you do not have the credence in the first place to have an opinion. It is a meritocracy is a cast system. So if you want to argue more and more complicated and nuanced and detailed points, you need to make sure you're on the highest possible cast of respect. As my brother said, because we are so famous, we can talk on any subject and it is debated. Not because of our knowledge in that subject, but in just in our global notoriety and our capabilities across so many  spheres, they're going to listen to us when we speak. This is where you should be focusing your energy and attention now. You need to upgrade your character to have a voice more than ever before. Being based was easy under liberalism. Under conservatism, it is far more of a meritocracy. It is far more of a who do you know and who are you than what you know? Because what you know is going to be a complicated nuance difficult point to deconstruct and prove repeatedly. And if you want to garner people's attention and their intrigue for a long enough period of time for them to truly understand what you're trying to say, you need to be a capable and interesting person. By the way, we blew up the matrix with sniper rifles. This is an important video. The matrix has officially been destroyed. We did it. Us and the Nelt boys got a bunch of fucking sniper rifles and we blew it up. We've still pretty sure I knew what that shit called tannerite. We put a bunch of tannerite in a car. This is bad. Destroy the matrix. I'm glad I'm doing it with you.  Who's always gonna be us in the end? Who's always gonna be us? That was sick. That was good. We need to blow up more stuff with Tannerite. We need to blow up more stuff. What else could we blow up? Well, we're gonna be back in America soon because we can go wherever we like. We're gonna be back in America soon because we're gonna be doing a tour. We're gonna be doing a tour. Let's talk more about the tour in a minute. Yeah. But when every meeting that you see with the Dana White and Noteboys meeting that you're seeing now, there's always and scintillary meetings that happen behind the scenes. We met with Gary Brecker. We met with Theo Vaughan. We met with very briefly. Burke Krishna, if anyone knows who he is, the machine guy, that comedian. And you know, I have a theory about Burke, and I'm gonna say it on a podcast. Sure. I have a theory about him. Burke is awesome. He's hilarious. He's one of the reasons I never quit drinking because, you know, he likes to drink. I like a drink. You know when you're a fighter, like you are, and you heard that someone was a great kickboxer, maybe, and you'd see him somewhere, and there's always this thing in the back of your mind. I could take him, you know, or couldn't I? I saw Burke.  And I don't know. I sized him up. And I think I can take him. No one cares if you can outdrink burp. I care!  Let me promise all of you at home that life does not get better than traveling around the world with your guys, with the people you trust, who you would die beside, with endless money and everybody wanting to talk.  to you and hear your opinion and women coming up to you. We walk in the club and girls come up to us. I was in a club Miami, let's find a clip of a girl who was throwing money at me. Did you see that clip? I walk in the club, I sit down with a shisha, some girls start throwing money at me. Throwing thousands of dollars at me, I'm like, what the fuck is this? It's a chick, I'm like, yeah, come over. She's like, can I have your number? She threw money at me, I didn't even take the money, I didn't want to look like a brokeie. But I was like, that's some pretty gangster game. These girls are coming up to us, they're begging to talk to us, the MSM is following us. Everywhere we go, they take pictures of us. Every podcast wants us on. They're offering us money everywhere we go. We have free private jets, we have free hotels, everything is comped. We're the main characters, and we get to laugh the entire way through, me, Tristan, and his cousin. That is the best possible life a man can live, and it is based on brutal competence and never ending work. I want to make something very clear to everybody at home. Anybody who thinks that a lifestyle comes like this without dedicating yourself for at least a decade to the endless...  Work which must be required to prove to God that you deserve to be a main character on earth is a fool God is sitting there waiting for somebody to put their hand up and say look. I work harder than the others look I've tried harder than everyone else. I worked on the days. I was sick I worked on the days. I was tired. I dedicated myself and did exactly what you wanted me to do Please bless me with the best possible existence any man on earth could have I got baby mamas messaging my phone. I need a mori episode. I don't even know where my kid That's the level. It's gone to have absolute insanity and none of it matters Money's in the bank. I'm with my brother. We're having the best possible time and when we do our tour What we want to try and do is emulate it for our students who have the highest power level Because if you have dedicated yourself to the power level like we've been screaming at you to do for months Then you have shown us that you are dedicated to self-improvement that you're prepared to work on your good days and your bad days So we want to emulate this life  for the students with the highest power level, which is why I would have been telling you for months to increase it. Because we knew this was coming. We were sitting there on house arrest, we knew this was coming. What did you say on that space once to those dorks? I know something you don't know. I know something you don't know. Yeah. You're in a large in your house. What I like my house, not back in my house, doesn't matter. But yeah, no, we knew this day was coming. We knew we were going to be very, very free, very, very soon. And for all the intensive purposes right now, anyone asking legal questions, nothing matters, I'm completely free. And guys, listen, listen, listen, please, I need to get through to you. Let me put the fuck guys, I need to get through to you. Please listen, when you watch our videos, I don't want you to be happy for us. I don't want you to sit there and go, that would be cool. I want you to watch our videos and think, how do I get where they are? How do I get involved in that life? How do I get next to the tapes or build a replicable life for myself and my team? How do I reach the f-  Long of masculine capability look around yourself look at the room you're in now look at the woman your next two look at the car You drive look at all of it say am I happy with this do I want something else do I want more? How do I get what they have there are two brothers from the bottom who were broke with nothing who have everything now? How did they do it? How do I do it? I'm not showing you these videos for you to have a fucking happy fun time I'm showing you these videos to fucking motivate you and explain to you There is an entire version of reality that you have yet to crack that's why you don't have time to be nitpicking over Trump's cabinet picks The war against the matrix the meta point has been done. We will snipe off the stragglers and do time It is time for you to improve your character as a person It's time for you to move from a soldier into special forces. That's the point of these videos. That's what we're trying to do I am back they tried to erase us but they have failed the ultimate matrix assault stage one was to delete us in social  We can't count our lives. Stage 2. Have the mainstream media brand up his village. Convinces the wheat that we deserve what came next. And stage 3 was the false charges of Romanian dungeon. Basin 25 years in an Eastern European coupons. They wanted us gone forever. But we survived with unmatched first-magacity and sheer indepthedicability. We stand here on faith. And now it's time for the counterattack. The victory lasts for the first time in nearly four years. We are completely geographic. We free. No restrictions. No barriers. No limits. The matrix has played a great-of-s1. And now the real world is bigger than ever. Students are about to win more than they've ever won. When you're inside you get exclusive access to the Daddy World Tour. Just now it's on top of 2.com. Access to the tape brothers that speak in the best up to date knowledge on how to make money online today. You can watch from the sidelines. Or you can step into the light of a warrior. You can beat us another nobody in the crowd. Or you can be part of history. We're bringing it all back. It's exclusive access for every single student of the real world. Uncensored port cap.  We're on the offensive and the winning is only due to the dark. We're gonna win so much, we'll get higher. Join the winning team, get inside the real world, meet freezer power level urgency to take part in our now-to-offensive. Attend its eucid meet-up, and banged off the bell-drains, the Miami-Democrates, the global unstoppable take-course in the back, last time. We broke the majors. At this time, we will enjoy the groups of our ladies. We're gonna get rich, we're gonna win. We're gonna rub our success on our enemy's faces. It's time to win so big we can never lose again. It's time to put 5,000 nails in our enemy's coffin. It's time for you to join the team, it's time for you to join the real world. Let's ask ourselves one more question. Everything I've been saying about earning a chance from God, let's ask ourselves a question. After the crap, my brother and I have been through, after the three years of unfair incarceration, of the slandering, of missing our mother's hospital appointment, she had a heart attack, of all of our assets seized, of being walked away from our children, after approaching the last three years, with unden-  Bravery while refusing to break refusing to bend refusing to ask for mercy refusing to say sorry Refusing to say home crying feeling sorry for ourselves standing up every day Dedicating ourselves training working doing the right thing. Don't you think we have earned some good luck from God himself? When we were in America we had massive opportunities being offered to us hundreds of millions of dollars huge opportunities for the school Some of which were gonna undertake not for us, but for the students themselves the most powerful people in the world are impressed by us God is impressed by us the next three to four years are take years We've been through the hard times so we have earned Absolutely everything we're about to get and it is our primary objective to make sure that everybody who believed in us Who helped spread our message who resisted the matrix programming also benefits? That's our primary objective over self benefit because we've benefited enough But I cannot explain the energy I feel when I wake up each day knowing the next three years  anything I touch is going to turn to gold. These are going to be the most exciting, most productive, most definitively excellent years of my life, because I have earned them. You know, you have been under attack. I've been under attack. Our families have been under attack. Our name has been under attack. But don't keep in mind. And don't make no mistakes about this. The real world was also very much under attack. So BBC articles mainstream mainstream media news, mainstream media news channels talking badly about the real world. Why did the real world persevere? I'm going to tell you why the real world persevered. It wasn't necessarily because of Andrew or me or the professors or the work that we did. It was because the real world offers a better solution. This has happened in your lifetime and our lifetime. We've seen it with a technology called Uber. Uber comes along every single city and every single country in the world has a taxi system that benefits the low-  economy. Taxis are everywhere. You have to call them up, give an address, hail them down on the streets. Uber comes along. A bunch of nerds in California who have no cars. They own no drivers. They hire nobody. They're just using their app to absolutely dominate the taxi market of every single city in the world. So what happened? Remember London Bandit, Bucharest Bandit, Thailand Bandit, Dubai Bandit, everyone was banning Uber left, right, and center, making it illegal, attacking it. It lost its banking. It lost its payment processing. Why did Uber survive? And taxis are dying still because it's simply better tech. It's simply a better solution. And nothing that the government did and the matrix and the people who wanted to keep their taxi service paying local taxes to their local city, nothing they could do could make the taxi service better than Uber. Today is 2025. It is not the 1970s. Spending four and a half years listening to some lecturer at some lecture hall learning about...  Business by the time you're out and forward a half years all the information you learned is already gonna be gone in 2025 because everything's moving way too fast the education had to offer something better The reason the real world survived is because we offered something better real up-to-date in real-time Every single day updated changed Relearned rethought out information that we can give to people to help them start making money today Immediately not in four years not maybe this information will help them get a better job This information will help them make money right now and no matter what they did to try to attack us or attack the professors Or attack anyone involved or attack the school itself worked because we offered a better Solution and it wasn't just us who noticed this and it wasn't just the world and the hundreds of thousands of students The professors and the people inside and the people who message me the success stories every day that noticed this very Very very large companies very very rich people of which you  know on a first name basis have been watching from the sidelines like the gobs on Mount Olympus in heaven watching the mortals underneath as we suffered through these heinous attacks on our name. We were called the worst possible things in the media and there were people with billions of dollars waiting to invest and push the real world to what it could be with unlimited tech and unlimited financial capability sitting by the sidelines looking down at us thinking if these boys make it out of this that's something I want to piece of and the offers have been flooding in from huge tech companies and huge name billionaires and the real world 2.0 is going to transcend absolutely everything the real world 1.0 has been and that has already been in traditional education. They were waiting for our victory waiting for our vindication and our freedom before extending the olive branch of peace and saying we need to work together and now people who I  never dreamed I'd ever be in the same room as are offering us money, tech, expertise in terms of working with the real world. The price is not coming up yet. The price is exactly the same. And if you join now, the price is what the price is. But I am telling you, if you are not in the real world within the next couple months, you are going to be sitting by the sidelines watching everybody else win because we have revolutionized education. Yeah, Tristan absolutely nailed it. As we suffered, as these heinous attacks were attached to our reputation, these terrible slanders we had to deal with endlessly. There was huge pools of capital and capability that were watching us survive. And we have impressed them with our indifitigability and our unmatched perspacacity. And they have watched us to the point now where we were in New York City sitting with billionaires who said, we have never seen people as flawlessly as your brother and I handle a matrix attack of that level. The way you guys just turned up every day.  guns blazing, the way you manage to keep your business online, the fact that you have so many hundreds of thousands of students saying positive things. We are so impressed by you. We want to take you to the next level. And the real world 2.0 has already been confirmed. The investment has already been secured. We have a massive partner, which will be announced soon. We're going to have banking involved for all American based students of the real world. So you're going to have banking facilities inside of the product as well as access to credit. There's going to be a job board. So not only are you going to be able to learn skills inside. You'll be able to get hired and advertise for staff inside of the school. And we have certification incoming. The only reason you went to university, the only reason you wasted four and a half years of your life to learn things you could have learned online in a month is because you needed a certificate, a piece of paper. If we tell you that we can give you the same certification as any university on the planet for $50 a month, there is no reason for you not to join. The price of the real world will raise. We are a school of the  future, the investment is coming and the price will massively increase. However, anyone who joins the real world now, anyone who gets to power level over 1000 will be grandfathered in on the price. So now is your chance to join the real world, increase your power level and be grandfathered in before the price increases by a factor of four or five X post investment when the certification is available, when the access to credit is available, when the bank account is available, when the email address is available, when the job board is available, the real world 2.0 is completely planned out. We are waiting to sign a few pieces of paper, get the money and then we press go. Yeah, can you imagine being a young broke American? I'm sure some of you can because I know some of you are and being a member of our school and being offered a bank account with a credit card with a thousand dollar limit. Right. That's not money for wasting. There will be a guide with that credit card and that thousand dollar limit of how to use it, how to spend it, how to pay it off, how to increase your credit rating in the real world.  From the real world you see what I did there and you're gonna be making sure that your credit rating goes up So you get access to credit things like mortgages finance cars etc Business loans because of your membership inside of the real world Which is what started as some fringe idea between two brothers trying to empower all of their fans Yeah, money makes money so we have to give you money We have to give you access to credit. We have to give you access to money. That's being done by fundraiser.com Networking makes money We're gonna give you access to that by the job board in real world 2.0 certification We're gonna make sure you have a certificate So you dedicate a few months inside of the real world 2.0 you're gonna leave for the same certificate that you would get and Four and a half years at standardized university. We're not gonna waste your time as fast as you can work We will give you the certification. It is amazing what we have coming the partner when we announce him is gonna blow you away Real world 2.0 the price is gonna increase by a factor of 5x you have a certain amount of time Possibly only a few weeks to increase your power level class past 1000 you're the own  ones who will be grandfathered in of the price. You must increase your power level plus past 1000. If you side up and do not increase your power level, your price is going to increase along with everybody else's. And then I want to just tell you guys, because I'm a man of my word, I warned you. I warned you about what was coming long ago. These are not brand new conversations. These are conversations that have been in the work for month and months. They were simply waiting for us to monumentally and massively succeed. And the same company that is now going to be involved in the real world is going to be in charge of our tour around the United States, which is what we're going to talk about next. You will all get a base allocation. This means that if you're a knight, you should work as hard as possible to become a bishop, to work as hard as possible to become a rook, to work as hard as possible to become a king. Because you know the latest imaginary project comes true. You will be rewarded for all of that hard work and cold hard cash. Next, your power level should also give you a  You should have an air drop based on your rank and air drop based on your power level. I have told people that power levels have been to become extremely important inside of the real world. Power levels are based on you interacting with and helping your other students. I want you to help the other people. We are a community. We are a team. We are not DJs. We are a team of brothers who work together against the matrix to escape. And by helping others and being, you've been warned. By the way, here's a girl throwing money at me in the club. Listen guys, if this is not a reason to increase your power level, I don't know what is. If you, let me ask you, once the last time this ever happened to you, look.  You can trust his cousin. Why do girls give you money in the club? Oh, you're a cousin. Why do girls give you money in the club? So who's sitting with you? When I sit in the desert and sound your radio, no one throws money at me. Your cousin's a fucking geek. Is that what he said? Yeah, he said, what is that? I was reading, I was reading. I was reading, I was reading. Because my power levels 10 fucking trillion. Yeah. That's why, king, long shlong. Hmm. That's why. Because I dedicate myself to something. When girls have never thrown money at you in a club, you're a fucking nobody. And it's your job to change. I don't show you these videos if you didn't enjoy. I'm gonna show you these videos for you to want to try and achieve it for yourself. That's the exact point of why we're doing it. And you don't have to like the girl and you don't have to like the money. It's just an accolade. It's just a cool thing to happen, you know? When millionaires approach you and offer to do business deals, you don't have to like the millionaire and you don't have to take the deal. But the fact that they're approaching you means you're doing something right. So yeah, very cool. I... I was supposed to talk about snow white, but you know what?  The thing is nobody gives a fuck. Yeah, you're right. Nobody guys. I'm supposed to do a whole breakdown on this silly bitch Sit in there going snow white like had a boy chasing her and the real snow white doesn't need no man Bitch, you need men to come see your fucking movie clearly because your box office flopped So I guess you needed dudes to take their daughters and if you insult everyone's fathers no one's interested anymore So you did need men you didn't men to hold those cameras You needed men to start the production companies and you needed men to take their little kids to watch your crap And not if it happened so now it's all flopped so I'm supposed to talk about her But I don't even know what to say she's insufferable. She's annoying and and and She's brown playing snow white look I can forgive the mermaid Fine she's not supposed to be black. I get it Snow white is called snow white because she's snow white  The dumbest race swap I've ever seen. No way, wait, wait, wait. Are you saying the Snow White's a whole Snow White because she's white? Yeah, her skin is white snow. No, that's what you're saying. That's what, yes. Who said her skin's white snow? The original fairy tales. Interesting. Interesting theory. No, this is not a theory. I, interesting theory. I take back everything I just said. Happy, this brown bitch is Snow White. Why? Because I'm a racist. Because Tristan's a fucking racist. Tristan's a racist. And that's why it didn't work. You know, I was gonna insult Snow White and her insufferable feminist garbage. But now I've realized that everybody already hates her, including you, and everyone's just picking on her. And I feel sorry for her now, because I'm sure she's a very nice person. But she doesn't need some white night prints to come and save her under. She doesn't need a man to save her. She doesn't. So fuck that bitch. So fuck that bitch. She doesn't need me to save her. No, of course not. She's a strong, independent, brown woman. She's a strong, independent woman who's gonna have to get a strong, independent job because she's failed as an actor because no one wants to watch her craft. Just, and I know I got smoke for seeing this on it.  Let this be a lesson to anyone who wants to make James Bond black. Please let this be a lesson. Don't just don't wait Let me put some snow away on don't I don't want to see her here. We got she's not even attractive. She's supposed to be the fairest one of all Yeah, my hose are hardener. I mean she's all right worth a slam, but her eyes are too far apart Look at her eyes Tristan her eyes to we could park our jet in between those eyes mirror mirror on the wall Who has the most googly eyes of all I'm a narcissist Original cartoon came out in 1937 and a very evidently so There is a big focus on her love story with a guy who literally stalks her Weird weird and then it became like I will elbow everyone out of the way People will assume is a love story just because like we cast a guy in the movie and you burn up all of Andrew scenes could get cut Who knows it's Hollywood baby. I say if I'm gonna stand there 18 hours  and a dress with an iconic Disney princess I deserve to be paid for every hour that it is streamed on my We absolutely wrote a show So you still you still still stand up for him for me Yeah, I hear by the Prince She's not gonna be saved by the Prince and she's not gonna be dreaming about true love She's dreaming about becoming the leader. She knows she can be Okay, that's the that's the worst I don't I was actually unlikeable She doesn't realize that even though her movie sucked if she was more likable she could have done fine It's the Michelle Obama situation where she's surrounded by yes people she's surrounded by Hollywood girl boss It's fine to be brown and snow white people who you know that's a problem is Tristan We're famous enough. We're gonna be in the same room as her and I have to go up to her and say did you watch my murder to me where I said You're a horrible person. It's good. You're missing I'm saying maybe a fucking sandwich That's what I'm gonna say Tristan. I promise you that's I promise you this one. I'll go down I will come say hello the name is mirror magic mirror You're a seven, but I'd still hit it. Are you in?  You're still studying, she'll say yes. That's not good. No, you know how women's political beliefs shift over time, like they're taking the right man. Like her eyes. So her, who else is a liberal woman? Well, I'm just gonna start dating these girls. I think I can fix them. You're gonna try to fix all the, Rachel, the offer's open. So you're gonna fix all the liberals by having sex with them. Don't be so misogynistic. No, I'm not saying, is your plan to just bang all the liberal women and fix them? Yes, yes it is. There's loads of them. And then there's white wing women, you know, conservative women with their hats to take some red people. I wanna take all these women out on dates. I'd like that. Could they be smiling and laughing? Hey, you're not so bad. I just know it. Tommy Lauren. Call me. Oh, Tommy, Tommy got wrecked the other day. Yeah, I know, but she's like, oh, they're bad people. I guarantee if she met me, she'd be laughing and smiling at the time. Oh, Tommy wants me. Tommy Lauren wants me. And your tea is so bad. Listen, you were relevant six years ago. All right, listen.  Alright, you're still on the fucking internet because you're blonde and you're an era 8, you're an 8. I know you want me, it's fine. That you make a lot of good points. I mean you make good points sometimes, you can say I have a bad guy only want, but we know you want me. We're gonna sit down, we're gonna have a debate, you're gonna try and be allowed mouth. I'm gonna be funny, I'm gonna destroy you, and then you're gonna lose, and you're gonna kind of like that you lost. And you're like wow, he's actually quite smart and he has handsome, but I can't be seen with Andrew. He's a human trafficker, and then he's gonna text me saying it was so nice for the podcast. Yeah, maybe we would do it again sometime, and I'd be like bitch, and before you know it, Tommy Lauren is gonna be in the hurry. Baby mama number 60. With the rest, we'll be on Maury, Tommy Lauren, Maury Fox Special, I'll be saying I'm not the dad. It's the future, say you are black. It's a well, let's future so, I'll have this, the white of Tommy Lauren, all of these women who pretend they hate me. I am universally adored by women. Yeah. I am loved by women. I can't-  think of a single man on the planet that has more women than me coming up to him and begging to be with him. These women throw money at me, they're dead. Find the women video. Where's the women? I say no to more women per week than most men get access to in their life. Literally. I say no to hot women all the time. In their life. I've always saying all the women you're going to sleep with for the next 100 years have already approached us in the last week. Yes.  you who can were here looking for girls do you understand how gay that is Hi, I'm gonna wake up and try and-  message a girl and find a girl because you're a homosexual. If you focused on working with your team and getting rich and important, don't you understand that girls are searching for us? Girls are waking up going, I need a big tall, strong, rich, famous billionaire. Who can I find? Ah, Andrew Tate. Where is he? Oh my god, I saw Andrew Tate. Oh my god, excuse me, can I sit with you? And then you say no, and that she goes and finds two more friends who are both sevens, three sevens, makes 21. And she comes back and goes, can we all sit with you? All or such huge fans, we all like you very much as in bang us all. And then you're like, ah, come on then sit down. You guys are looking for girls because you're gay. If you focus on yourself, if you focus on your fucking power level for five minutes, you can stop chasing women and they chase you. You could be a lover man, you could be a hero. I don't go to the club with girls, I just walk it on my own, and then I blink and I'm surrounded. That's the life you should want to live. If you shouldn't be fucking trying to talk to girls. Ever paid black-  check, everybody black check, that's what, that's what, that's what it's like being me. You go out, aw, eight, hit me, another eight. I'll stay. You know? Right. So also, Tristan, everything I've said, I was a video into play. It's really important. We set a lot of things about the matrix, but we had, the matrix hasn't fully been cracked because this guy identified something that is going to get everyone in trouble. Guys, I know I said earlier the matrix has been one and the battle's over, but it turns out it's not because this is a very important thing. It's an important video and he's going to get in trouble for saying this. So before this guy gets assassinated, I think you and I should give him some credence, right? So let's listen to this. What is the biggest food industry fraud you've ever witnessed? Olive oil. Are you anti-aliboy? No, I'm going to get hit by the mafia here. Most olive oil is imported from Italy or cut with seed oils. That's why I always say, no where your olive oil comes from. And you'll taste the difference. The true extra virgin olive oil is one of the most boldest, sometimes bitter flavors. When America started going Mediterranean, diet, Italian food.  olive oils this mafia in Italy started importing or exporting olive oils cut with seed oils into New York City to their mafia and it just proliferated all over the industry. Fuck! The mafia is gonna kill him! Tristan, this super duper starship trooper, pooper scooper mowers! This super duper starship trooper, pooper scooper matters. There is nothing that keeps me awake at night besides the fact that they are putting seed oils in the olive oil which I don't even eat. This is fucking the mafia is gonna fucking kill this guy. Everything we've been through, the jail, the fucking seizures, everything we've been through is nothing. Compared to what's gonna happen to this guy who poofed out that you bite cheap shit olive oil and has seed oils in it which super duper starship trooper, pooper scooper mowers. I am fucking concerned for the welfare of this...  man this is the most important thing I have ever heard I super duper fucking care loads about this renovation and the fact he was brave enough to say it is mind bending it is mind bending nothing we have ever said has ever married as much as what he just said they are putting seed oils in the olive oil and that's why he's a skinny little faggot and this mire's loads we done here why don't you care are we done I can't enjoy the warm embrace of my children because they're putting fucking seed oils in the fucking olive oil and I've had enough there's a skinny guy on Twitter who I could snap in half who told me that olive oil for some  reason is the best thing in the world. All he talks about is olive oil and sunbathing, even though I could grab him by his fucking neck and ring the consciousness out from his weak little body. He thinks he knows about health, because all he talks about is olive oil. For some reason, olive oil is super important to all these health nerds who are afraid to get in the cage, but want to pretend they're strong for some reason. So, I won't talk about olive oil, and this guy, who accepts it all the way with olive oil, has just exposed the mafia scam. So, what are we gonna do about it? Please present, wait, when I were done? Tristan, please know when we're done. I'm serious, please present your plan to fix this. Tristan, we're not done. I want you to present a plan to fix this. Tristan, did you not see the fucking video? Fix this, fix it. Here's a fucking white board called Scentcom, called fucking Central Command, and get the fucking F-16.  and fucking do something. Fucking do something. You don't even fucking care. You don't care they're putting fucking seed oils into fucking olive oil. You know what? You have always been a selfish cunt. You have always been a fucking scumbag. Since the second you were born, before I could even talk, I learned words to tell mom that she fucked up by having you. Because now we're here in the battle of our fucking lifetimes. Everything that happened before they still doesn't matter. This is the most important thing that's ever happened, ever, and you don't even give a fuck. You don't even care. You're self-absorbed. You're selfish. You're narcissistic. You're childish. And everyone on this emergency meeting, including me, hates you. I want a plan to fix this. Ran on this fucking board. Now.  You know, I've tried guys. It's like he just doesn't just he just doesn't care. It's almost like Having a little bit of seed oil inside of some shit olive oil doesn't matter It's almost like it just doesn't matter at all. It's almost like that guy was just talking shit on a podcast It's some silly bimbo. No one watched it. No one gives a fuck Interesting just thinks I guess just doesn't matter. I guess it's just a stupid podcast no one launched and it's just shit All of oil no one buys I guess in his world Fuck sake  You got all that bones, you deserve, you're gonna bring for me like that. After the podcast, podcast plus on our own platform inside the real world. Cool. You're gonna write the plan on the board? If you talk about all the oil again, I'm not doing the unfair advantage. So... So, I guess it doesn't matter. No, it doesn't. Just say, just say in front of everyone. That woman... Just say, no, say it doesn't matter. I'm an expert on female physical. Just say it doesn't matter. And that woman was so... She lost all sexual interest in all men the moment he started talking about olive oil. Are you telling me that woman said you changed a subject? No, I'm just asking. Are you telling me when a woman sits down with a man and his version of a controversial opinion is complaining about olive oil that she loses all sexual attraction to all men forever because they consider him a complete faggot? Yes. Are you telling me that woman sat there, listened to that dude, thought you're a fucking pussy, you're not resisting the matrix at all, you're complaining about oil because you're a fucking home. Yes.  That's what happened and her pussy got dry. Yes. So dry she needs oil all the oil So she put in seed oils in her poem To have sex with that guy. Yeah, she'd have to So let's analyze no no, there's no Give me the floor Give me the marker. No, you threw it. I'm not gonna go back to you. I need the marker. I can't have it You can't have it. I just want to analyze no we're not I'm a man who wants to understand the world. No, you're not Well, you are, but this is you're just lying. I'm all I'm no markers. You threw it. You were mad and you threw it This is a you probably we have to analyze what's happened. No, we don't She I do I was talking to him. I will actually leave don't leave I want to just get to the bottom of this one. No, there's no bottom to get because the seed oils end up in her pussy We need to fucking understand we don't All right, what are we gonna talk about the on the unfair made  Well, we can't tell people here because then that would negate the point of the unfair advantage. The unfair advantages where we're going to describe and discuss our upcoming USA tour. Our plan is to travel across the USA. We've been talking to very large venues, but the problem with large venues is security and there's also some huge problems that come with logistics. So we want to do select events for 1,000 to 2,000 people in about 30 different cities across the USA. What will be included in these events is not only a speaking tour. It's going to involve something about the future of daddy. It's going to involve exclusive access to the real world token and it's also going to be exclusively only for the real world students. You are not going to be allowed. You're not going to be able to get into this tour unless you are a member of the real world. The invites will come on the app in your phone and that's what you will have to show to get in. You will choose inside of the app the city you're most interested in seeing us in and then the application, the invites will come through the app itself. Once again, the price of the real world is going to increase once...  the investment paperwork is completed. If you join now and increase your power level over 1,000, you get grandfathered in at the current price. The tour around America, we're starting with America only first. You have to have a high enough power level over 1,000. You choose the city you would like to see us in. And your invite will be sent to you with inside the application for the daddy, slash the real world. Your American tour with my brother and I, plus some special guests and anybody who attends is going to know who our next large investor is. We're going to give a breakdown on the banking facilities and the credit facilities are going to be given to all students. Everything is going to be explained inside. Plus a meet and greet. Plus some top G merch. Plus we're going to take photos with all you guys and hang out. And if any of you are particularly cool, you might end up on the jets with us. All of this is going to happen inside of the real world. Now is your chance to join to get a gold fathered in at the price. We are now going to go offline on rumble and do a stream exclusively inside the real world called an unfair advantage to talk about the money making opportunities that we identified.  while we're in America. The real world is a platform which primarily focuses on how to make people rich independent of geography. You can make money if you're in Peru, you can make money if you're in Thailand, you can make money for America. You make money anywhere in the world, as long as you have an internet connection. And we're gonna talk about some of the money-making opportunities we identified during our USA tour right now, starting in 10 minutes on a brand new stream, exclusively inside of the real world, called Unfair Advantage. We're gonna stream now to the real world only, where we're gonna talk about the things we mentioned on the show today and how you can specifically make money from you. That's going to be the next big thing. We are soon gonna be launching a fitness app inside of the real world. All I ask of you is to make some fucking money and go to the fucking gym. Because you do that, you can't really lose. And whoever comes up with it is gonna make a lot of fucking money. If you're not inside of the real world, well then you should be, because you're gonna miss the most important part of this money's meaning. Unfair Advantage, how to make money from these points, how to affect the world and away that's gonna benefit you. We're gonna be going live and-  the real world in ten minutes. And hopefully, if you have any semblance of balls who want to escape the eternal slavery in jail you find yourself in, we're now going to see the next broadcast emergency meeting unfair advantage exclusively inside of the real world. We're going to a stream now to the real world only where we're going to talk about the things we mentioned on the show today and how you can specifically make money from that's going to be the next big thing. We are soon going to be launching a fitness app inside of the real world. All I ask of you is to make some fucking money and go to the fucking gym. If you do that you can't really lose. And whoever comes up with it is going to make a lot of fucking money. If you're not inside of the real world well then you should be because you're going to miss the most important part of this emergency meeting unfair advantage how to make money from these points how to affect the world and away that's going to benefit you we're going to be going live inside the real world in ten minutes. And hopefully if you have any semblance of balls who want to escape the eternal slavery and jail you find yourself in you're now going to see the next broadcast.  emergency meeting unfair advantage exclusively inside of the real world. We're going to stream now to the real world only, where we're going to talk about the things we mentioned on the show today and how you can specifically make money from it. That's going to be the next big thing. We are soon going to be launching a fitness app inside of the real world. All I ask of you is to make some fucking money and go to the fucking gym. If you do that, you can't really lose. Whoever comes up with it is going to make a lot of fucking money. If you're not inside of the real world, well then you should be, because you're going to miss the most important part that's emergency meeting unfair advantage. How to make money from these points, how to affect the world, and a way that's going to benefit you. We're going to be going live inside the real world in 10 minutes. And hopefully, if you have any semblance of balls who want to escape the eternal slavery and jail you find yourself in, we're now going to see the next broadcast emergency meeting unfair advantage exclusively inside of the real world. We're going to be going live inside of the real world in 10 minutes.  So friends that's it. Hope you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video. And we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew. And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see a video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you have this restriction on Andrew date. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only away. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly. So that's it. See you again. Goodbye. 