 We're live guys. We're gonna freshen up our cast after our audition. We got a full panel here a bunch of people And you take your tape sleep out. Hey, let's get into it guys. There you go Listen if you want to get out if you want to leave you get here more than welcome. I asked you to stop with the question You didn't. Yeah, that's serious. Go put your shoes on outside. You don't got to put them on in here  All right, welcome back to the Fresh Fit podcast guys after our edition of for you into show quick announcements patreon.com slash fresh fit guys go ahead and check us out over there. We give you guys all types of advice whether it's you know cryptocurrency making money getting girls getting your credit score up real estate investing as you guys know me and fresh are both involved in real estate and yeah man anything when it comes to mail some improvement we got y'all man and yeah check us out over there help you guys also with your Instagram get girls all that other shit so check us out over there patreon.com slash fresh fit also Spotify Google Apple podcasts every single platform you listen to podcasts we are there just make sure you wear headphones because if you don't you'll probably get fired from your job fires were considered to be the top hated podcast world right now other than that guys also fresh a podcast store.com you know that I feel like shirts all that of the stuff it's there fresh a podcast or dot com so check us out over there for the merch and then also we're live streamed to twitch facebook twitter and youtube is usual and our twitch is twitch.com  the TV slash fresh and fit podcast, so check us out over there as well. And we got a vlog channel that fresh runs. Guys behind the scenes man, you want to see us go out, travel, I'll send a studio, check it out. How'd you can do it? Let's get it. All right. And then also, Chris, you want to tell me about your Twitch? Yes, got my own Twitch. Aaron Poxen, I did a pre show with the gang. Shout out to the Merch gang. Let's get it. And I will do a post show. We out here. We got a full house. We got Rolla Tamaasian Stoying and all of them in the back as well. Hey, camera ain't real quick. Hey, camera ain't real quick. Hey, there's the back over there. You can see if you can see Rolla, hey, behind you Rolla behind you. The camera's right behind you. You're like, I was like, give me out of here. No, no, no, it's all right. It's all right. It's all right. You know what I'm saying? It's got a big store right here. Yeah, Chasing. Yeah, it's on the cover. Yeah, it's on the cover. We got a full house, man. What do we do? Shout out to everybody. The JIFs, we're going to coach as well. Yeah. And our list is Cam and House. Couch Cam and House. No light on them, though. They're good, though. They are. I'm just kidding. Legendary guys. There's over 2400 you guys in here already. So please make sure to like the video, man. And comment below when the show is done for the algorithm. And then also.  guys, what else? For any video ideas, DM our audio engineer slash YouTube strategist, trade talk sports at trade talks sports on Instagram. And yeah, man, I guess we'll get it to the show when introduced to girls. So ladies, give us your name, your age. We do for living and your current dating status will start on body count right here. Oh, I love body count. Yeah, let's do body count. Let's make it a good show. Let's do body count. Let's do it. Let's do it. No lying. How's that? Say again? How's the body count? Like how many guys you fuck? No, no, no, no, no. It's how many it's how many guys fucked you women can't fuck men. You're actually what's what's happening recently? Would you? What do you mean what's happening? What is coming up or what's today? Oh, yeah, it's your birthday. My burgers. Poor man forever. Shut.  It's my birthday. He was birthday. What's the thing? Happy birthday. Happy birthday, birthday, birthday to you. It's beautiful. Happy birthday to you. This is actually the amazing. Keep going. Happy birthday to you. And to you. Happy birthday to you. Oh, baby. Very, very good. We are here, man. They ain't killed me yet. They ain't killed me yet. They've been trying. But I'm still breathing. That you're holding. I'm an old man. How old do you think I am? 35. 35. You don't know my age. You don't know my age. You're not going to look smart. 35. Yeah, correct. I'm not going to find today. I'm 30. Okay. So give us your name, your age. We're living in your current dating status. Anybody have a baby? Yeah. I'm 29. I'm modeling. I'm single. All right. Welcome. Happy single. And body count. I miss all of that. Right. Let's say 25. 25? Yes. Oh, shit. Okay. I'm going to punch you. All right.  your next. Hi, my name is Ladi Fernandez. I am 24. What is it? What do you do for work and then you're curing the exam? I'm a professional dancer and I do full-time modeling and yeah just because I include professional dancers you support. Does that include dollar bills? No, I do work in a nightlife as a bottle girl but I do perform. I perform recently at EDC Las Vegas. Okay. Cool. Uh, I expect it to paint this place. Oh, he wants to speak into the mic. Yeah, you guys think it's not like. Oh, my bad. I'm sorry. There you go. So they can actually hear you. So I guess because they're going to want to know, does your dancing involve people throwing singular denominations of a currency at you? Yes, but as a nightlife bottle girl. Okay. So not as a stripper. No. All right. Cool. All right. Fair enough. What about you? My name is Morgan Morgan. Thanks. I'm 24 and I'm a bartender at room 22 Orlando. Cool. Okay. Orlando. So you drove all the way here? You drove all the way here? Yeah, yesterday. Damn. Welcome to Miami. Welcome.  Wait, and then you're current dating status? Oh, I'm taking. There you go. Boom. Yeah. OK, what about you? My name is Kay Jenkins. I am 26 years old. I am a luxury real estate advisor. But I also just started an only fan. So if you want to see me naked, subscribe. There you go. I'm not sure. And then I have multiple boyfriends, but I'm still single. So life is good. Haram. All right. Haram. Listen, my room. Listen. My room. Before I come back. Before I come back. Before I come back on the show, we need a Haram button. Yeah. We need a Haram button. I'm a boy with a button. I'm going to put one in tonight, bro. Thank you, my friend. Yeah. I'm going to clip your voice and put it in there. You'll go last. Let's see who's going to be for last. All right. What was you? I got a skip to saying Uno. What's your skip? Huh? OK, I'm Ellie. I'm 24. I'm a freelance artist. And I am very, very single.  All right welcome and your two girls. Oh, you're two friends. No, you're two friends Chris wants to know my two friends. Yeah, yeah, don't below. What friends? Look down. My girl. My girl. You made a joke but you forgot the funny. No, Chris. Chris. Chris put the camera on you when he told me man. So they know you, man. You man saying that shouldn't the back. Make me look crazy. Yeah, look at making us look crazy. What about you? Hi, I'm Tisha Marie. I'm a professional man. Model model manager. Um, clothing designer. And I think that's it. Welcome back. And Kriya, is that us? Um, kind of single. Yeah, I'm single. Kind of single. Kind of single. What does that mean? Yeah, I mean, I know when she says kind of single, there's a guy at home who's heart just broke. I've been paying for all those dinners. You're like, come at me with kind of single online. He's not one. Sorry. Gee. Gee. Sorry. He'll do his best. Probably accepted.  or if you guys accept it. Yes. Thank you for watching. Okay. Okay. I'm Bianca. Oh, that's it. I'm 28. What else? Oh, I'm not single. What do you do for a living? Okay. So I'm currently working at a doctor's office. I graduated from nursing school back in May. Congratulations. Thank you. And you guys can go onto my Instagram, click the link on my bio. And then it's not only fans. I don't do only fans. It's a fitness coach thing. Yeah. What's your body count? Like four. Yeah. What's your body count? What's your body count? I'm YC so four. I knew it. She looks so innocent. All right. Wait. What's your name? What's your name? Introduce yourself. Okay, guys. Hi. I'm Selena.  power. What else do I gotta say? What's my career? I'm a professional whore. I don't know what the career she is, but my body kind of is like, like, I don't know, like, definitely over the hundreds. I don't know. I have something. Why are you living away from me? I'm not. I'm not. What I do for careers, I do only fans.com. I'm back to the end of the power. So pay my bills. Please. There you go. And what's your current dating status? Oh, I don't know. Depends what mood academics is in. God damn. Today I'm single. Tomorrow, I don't know. I might be able to. I don't know. God. But I love you so bad. There you go. All right. And Andrew. That's been on lease. Yeah. Andrew take four time kickboxing world champion. Whoa. Trillionaire humble.  All around all around nice guy dominant dominant would you describe me as dominant? I mean I want you to be I'm sure you do Who's this other guy you said his name I don't recognize it because I mean I'm up to be funny Do you know the information in advance who he is who's your man? Yeah, who's your man? Oh I mean that was me saying that but I have like five way friends I don't think anybody would mind though. Listen. I think the world's ready for that Let me just say something let me just say something here at the beginning. I'm ready for the asteroid I'm not afraid right. I think we've got to a point now. We need to just welcome Who's we though just because there's 72 virgins waiting for me. There's no virgins in my Asteroid I can't see any solution new boys are here broadcasting every day trying to educate these young ladies They don't listen to nothing Nothing I'm here now I'm talking and she's selling it. I'm single today in 15 minutes. I'm not single like what what we do and just You  I'm ready. I'm ready. Let's go. Oh, man. Yeah. I'm going to save some hair follicles today. I won't have to do too much. All right. The legend tape I will read these super chats and then Chris from this point forward. 20 up 20 up. Okay. So and guys, thank you so much for donations. We'll be using this on hookers and co-can later just kidding. My hand in the five bucks. Hopefully see the legend tape. Take. How can I meet you one day? I'm a member of Haustler University. I've been waiting once before this night. You can meet me one day by joining the war room. Haustler University is is where how I teach people who align with my world view how to make as much money as possible. That's what that's for but the war room is the level beyond that and I meet every single war room guys. So that's anything. Well, I'm Sophia. Mr. Take your brilliant and talented man. You should read the Quran. There are many gems of wisdom for you in that book to share with others. My brother trust me. He's he got guys. He lived in Lutin in England. I'm from the Islamic. Caliphate of great British. Yeah, don't worry about me. I'm from England. Right. I understand all about these is the Islam faith.  Yeah, I'm definitely gonna get a Haram button though. All right. We got a 279 from Will Simpeth Smith. Jay It doesn't like me watching tape. I wonder why okay Again, Will Smith my pain is greater than yours. I'll mighty push. Okay. Thank you. And then we got mr. Got plenty Brookboy stay bump in in my car stereo. We need more music bro. They flex it on him. That is my favorite Tate song to this day. Yo, why is it you do to me that song? I'll just fucking wrap it. No, I'm a rapper. I was just fucking around Okay, I was just messing around. If you're a rapper, I'm not a rapper. I was just messing around. I was trying to prove a point I'll start to prove a point. You know why let me explain the story very very quickly. Yeah, I believe that money loves speed And and everybody everybody agrees with me when they say this but absolutely nobody understands what speed is When me and my team work together when I say speed I say we have an idea at 9 a.m. And by 4 p.m. We're making money same day speed So I'll talk to some dude and he was like oh, yeah, I've been working on my music. Did it? I was like bro I saw you a month ago. You're working on your music. What do you got? I'm working on the song a month a month  climb out Everest in a month. You know, I do it a month. Why you poor? You're poor because you're not trying. A month, I could train for anything on the planet. I learned classical piano in a month. He talked to me about making one song and a fucking auto tune. So I made a song in a day to prove a point that this dude, and I got more views on my song than his shit song. So that's why. So I was never trying to be serious about it. I was never trying to be a rapper. I'm not particularly proud of the song. I don't play it. My car. I was just trying to prove a point. We'll play the song. We'll play the song. Yeah. Yes, funny. It's an iTunes. Your other song. Shaking Daddy is pretty fine too. Wait. That's the song. That's the song. That's the song. Okay. That's the song. It's a song. It's a song to the end. Okay. That's the song. It's a song to the end. All right. I'm waiting for the music video. Five bucks. Hey, Tate. I made 5 million off of crypto. And I'm planning on moving to a room to be closer to my family. What should I invest in? Wait, wait, wait. There's another one. You know what? You know, every time you have me on this show, right? Well, you knew talk. I'm like, what am I going to talk about? But there's always some idiots. you  who gives me ideas wealth is the worst thing that can happen to the majority of people. And I know I really mean this. I genuinely mean this right? Because he just said it. I made five million off crypto. If you make five million in the real world, you learn so many lessons about how to network, how to navigate the world, how to negotiate, how to conduct yourself with important people. You learn so much. You make five million off a crypto, you don't learn nothing. You're going to run around Romania and get shot in the head. You're going to like with you an idiot and like you're the wealth. I have so many people come to me saying, I want to make money. I say, listen, you're not ready for money. You're not a man. You're a dork and becoming a rich dork will not make your life any better. Facts. You know what I'm saying? The old way of making money, pre-proc, I've taught you so much about being a man. I see so many of these children just making money on some lucky ass gamble and they ain't learned nothing. And they're just just geese for from me. So don't come to Romania, my friend. I've got your, what's his name? Dobr Skwa. All right, me, my team, yeah, bring your five in. Safe. All right, RBC. So, and guys, we're going to run through these. All right, so welcome.  I'd like to say we love you here. Your clip talking about Islam was so viral, even my grandma all the way from now, River shared on WhatsApp Facts. Andrew got a link up with DJ academics to do you would implode the internet with content. I'm feeling you guys would be cool. Five bucks Joe Martin, great podcast level. What you guys are doing. Can I get everybody on the panel to give a shout out to all my people here in Albuquerque, in New Mexico shout out to Albuquerque, the ABQ Kevin Foo, Andrew, what do you think is better model for an online business having recruit guys? You should save these money questions because we're gonna do a one on one interview with Andrew this week. So don't worry. But having recurring payments or having them pay a large sum of front, love you bro, always recurring payments my friends. Five bucks Sean Muhammad have no fear and your taters here love to take credentials. Fresh did he bring Selena Powell on air one up academics for what he did. Elawal he might be watching right now crying. I guess cool man. He ain't crying guys, trust me. We all love academic Sean Muhammad. We have saved this man. We have to save this man at Oscars. Andrew I'm gonna need you to pass me two of your dumbest 19 year olds once I joined the war room. Okay, don't buy G.  live, myron and sick vlog fresh with tape, two bucks and my giant thanks bro master pulling the house five bucks. Thank you. Five bucks from Mike Anthony. Tate would you ever live in USA or as America on its way down where is best to live in the world. Don't worry. We'll discuss that. Yeah. Hey, there a broke ninja here. I'm for I'm here trying to regulate my sleep schedule. But saw Andrew here. So we must stay up for this shadow to fed and finance. Thanks much love. Got you fresh. The King of networking always have those aces up your sleeve fresh to fit. Keep shining proud of you guys. Bobo and Screech stay over there. And then how many more do we got? 20 enough from here. Okay, 20 enough. But let's get into the first question. So that we can start the show. Cool. Alright, go ahead. So let's just read a few more real quick. Yep. Point up. Fine. Alright, so Abraham Kane, shout out to FNF and the co-oper for this insane collab just secured my first client as a copywriter today. Thanks to Austin University and the professors. See you in the war room soon. Cool. 22 King Chris. Welcome back to the state's Andrew Tate. Thanks for coming on the show and supporting my bro fresh myron Aaron Tray and Tom. That's one of your real one in the  And the last one, Francivil, we got Matt Love and respect to Andrew take, Fresh of Fit and Chris, and then Good evening one and all. Tonight is going to be a brilliant show. Lots of love from the UK. That's from peanut butter. Ladies, thank you guys so much. Thanks, thanks guys. First question on the panel. Why do you think a guy should date you over other girls? And we'll start right here. That's a good question. Thank you. That's a good question. That's a good question. You got time to think of a tell us, young lady. OK. I'm like scrambling. OK, I think you're better than us. I think I'm better than you guys. Because we're not damn but in general. In general. No, I know. I know. I know. I said he liked them. I meant yes, in general. Because they don't make them like me anywhere. Can you just can you explain? Yeah. And...  No, because all these girls out here, they're not loyal. They feel like they're entitled. They want other guys to take care of them. They don't have women taking care of them. They don't have a nurturing. No, it's true. It's true about me. I mean, girls out here, they want a party. They want money. They want good things. There's nobody at home taking, like, cooking for you, cleaning for you, taking care of you. Things like that. So, loyal. And are you doing that? Well, you're nursing school. Guys, guys, let's finish nursing school. Okay. So you're let her finish her point at least before you ask us. Yeah, why do you do certain things at home for your men? I take care of my men. Okay. You don't party and go on you get it. No, I don't. Especially if I haven't met that. That's not going to stop him from cheating though. He keeps on me. Yeah. He's doing it. But if you're out there doing that, you're going to be like, you don't even learn. I'm going to be like, you don't even learn. But if you're out there doing that, you're not going to get a ring on your finger either.  I'll see a ring on your finger. Where's your ring? I got myself one thing. Oh, what about you? A ring goes up in from cheating either. A man cheating a woman cheating is not the same thing. Let's jump in and let's cut that crap here. Because girls always use that as an excuse, right? Oh, my man. He slept with some random chick once after looking after me for four years. I'm gonna go be a hoe. Why? Why? What's the upside? What's the upside? The only person disappointed in your actions are your father. Most men don't give a shit. Oh, I just don't know why father anyway. Don't do it. All right. All right. Nice. Thanks. Oh, nothing about that. But I would say because I don't know. I'm very independent. I've never really needed a man. But I've won it one. So just being able to find myself spiritually and not be needy and be able to hold my own without a man. I guess you could say.  Okay, cool. What about you? I don't think I would ever want to be with someone who I have to convince to want to be with me I shouldn't have to sit here and make a plea for why you should choose me versus anyone else. I don't need to lose reasons So just to speak you because it's you yeah Precisely that all right. I mean a man who's asking you what you bring to the table has nothing to bring himself. Oh Shit, okay Bring to the table you need to leave immediately Damn why doesn't matter what I bring to the table is there nothing on it already? Except your two friends What do you bring to your guy That sound is familiar Oh shit anyway shout to six nine  Yeah, no, what do I bring the table? I bring the table the nice the forks the silverware that fucking plays everything bitch because I don't so care of everything that I was wet, but I Mean yeah, that's it and I like to suck dick. So that's what brings me to the table Fair enough. All right, that's what you that's what you bring to the table sucking a lot of penis fair enough Not a lot of penis his penis. Okay, my ring anything else Nope, okay fantastic profound. What about you? But nothing keeps them out from cheating so fuck man. Just be a whore Word of advice. No, no, no, no, let's stop for a second. No, let's assume what let's assume what you just said is true Let's assume what you just said is true, right? It is what I said was true. Okay, let's assume what you said is true. Let's assume nothing nothing stops a man from cheating Nothing at all you can cook clean be inside. I don't know I'm not even gonna disagree with you. I'm asking  what's the advantage? What's the advantage to them being a hoe? Because a man is a whore. So why would the fuck would you be loyal while the guy is fucking every bitch in Miami? Well, I just, you might as well go fuck every guy in Miami. I completely and not really. Especially if you have the only fan, like a back-off at fuck it. Let me tell you what, obviously I'm not a female. I'm in a middle of it. But if I only a million, is that, isn't it? No, not only a million. I said, from those guys, God. If I was a chick and I believe the all men cheated, I would find the best men I possibly could and I would understand that there's no point in leaving him for cheating or being a hoe because he cheats because every other man is the cheat. Exactly, no. And I would be a few girls to him anyway, so that he preferred me over every other female. So he came home to me. That's what I would do. I said by that too, I was like, you know, why would I leave my not shit ass man? Cause all the other men are not shit ass man. So then why are you saying because he cheats like the fuck everybody? But then you got to like, cancel out. Okay, cheating is one thing, right? Let's cancel out cheating. I remember I was gonna fuck a bitch cool, whatever. That.  there's like the financial size as he at least taking care of you. No, I'm taking care of him. All right. Then is he being loyal? Is he like cutting off bitches? You don't like? No, he's not all right. Like there's other factors into it. You know, so you got to level up how not shit is he because there's guys who are like still treat you like a queen. And if you're gonna treat on me, treat on me respectfully, bitch. If you know I'm the FBI, change your password every day. You stupid ass bitch. Don't let me catch you cheating dumbass. You know what I mean? So over all of us actually, we basically don't let me catch you with texting this bitch. By the way, her ex cheated on her with me. So we had that little thing. I don't know why is that always here. He's asking us tonight. You're not gonna be a bitch. I'm probably fucked. I mean, he's a whore. Well, how could you find out? That right. Wait.  I'm not gonna tell you I'm not gonna give you my name How did you find out though? Because I go through his phone every day like it's my I Went through his phone and I stand for number and I went to her cash out and I saw her Instagram And I went to her Instagram. I was like, no, this is too pretty to fuck with this loser with the fuck And then All this heart and I Just took it out to dinner Take notes guys I went to this guy's table for like 30 minutes one night. Just have a drink. Oh, he's He's a chill, okay, and I had everyone come and be like girl You know who you just fuck with like you're Selena pals gonna be calling you I'm all  The next day I'm on the phone with my best friend and I get a fucking phone call coming in and I see a Color ID Selena pound. I'm like And even have me if there's a unnamed number in this old I'm saving it for him And I'm gonna find out who that is anyway Back to the original point. So yeah, back to the original point. My point is I'm not I don't know all those other little points You talked about how he didn't look after you and your fucking broke dudes, whatever. I think that's your fault more than his But whatever but whatever my point is it my point is I stop liking guys for who they are I like the bag now bitch. What you gonna do for me? Anyway, I think if a good woman has a man who genuinely takes care of her and she genuinely believes it's the best She can get and he goes out for one weekend and fuck some stupid ho But he still comes home to you and you know he truly loves you. I don't think that's good. I don't think that's good enough reason to leave it Do in fact, I think that's fucking stupid because the next guy is gonna  just cheat anyway. What do you leave in the guy you love? Who's who cheated for a guy you don't love who's gonna cheat? Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes men just do things and let me tell you something. Hello, tell you now a man could be head over heels in love with you ready to take a bullet for you and still cheat on your ass. 100% he can, he can look at you. Yeah, I mean, that's a fact of the game. Cool. The fuck is the sound effect guy? I don't know. Okay, fucking China said it's for it. It's it's fed of it. It's stupid. I understand how I will concur that initial communication of that matter of, hey, don't ask don't tell kind of situation. Yeah, she was very very well maybe appreciated and or overlooked. Yeah, if given the opportunity to you know, have that transparency. Yeah, if I'm out of the country and I get laid with my homies and some Venezuelan bitches all upon me and I'm gonna take it back to my hotel gang gang. Do I'm gonna do my thing, right? And my girl's gonna be cool with it because I'm in a different country.  I'm sorry. I'm trying to say two things. It's the whole thing, right? Thank you. But 99% of guys will be like, I didn't do anything. You have screenshots of this dude doing whatever he's doing and he will still can be, he lies so much, he convinced himself otherwise. Well, I mean, if you're going to be transparent, cool. Yeah. Do it because anybody who surprised how many women would actually be... No, no, no, no, no. I agree with everything you said, but I disagree with that point. I would not be surprised because every single female on Earth with a boyfriend, I would be like, I'm not a boyfriend, is already tolerant of the fact that they know their man's doing everything because if you're not, go down, go down to him right now and demand his phone with him for a week. You're going to make every excuse in the under the sun because of who I am the other year. And you're going to end up buying his bullshit excuse because you know that if you have his phone for a week and you're going to see the other bitch, you're fucking. You know it. You know it. I'm sorry. Every woman accepts it. I mean, accept it and then it's like, I don't want to see it. I don't want to know about it, but I accept it. And that's fine. You want to hit first. If you want to talk to your man, he's probably occasionally fuck something.  The only guy you're going to get who's going to fuck nothing is the guy who can't. Even if I don't have a free time, I'm a genius. That's a reality. So it's a reality. So I, sorry. No, no, no, no, no, yeah, go ahead. That's where we're. Just get it back on track. Why should a guy choose you over other girls? I believe I'll, I bring a lot of diverse qualities to the table. I know I look like a thought on Instagram and I know you all love that. But behind the scenes, I bring a lot of intellectuality. She's like a therapist. To the table, as far as abstracting the best out of everybody I come in contact with and having those kinds of conversations that are going to encourage my man to invest in himself and become the best possible version of himself. You know, there's home cook and I'm very old-fashioned. I grew up on a farm. I know I live in Miami now, but you know, I'm from a farm in Utah. And we cook for our men, you know, dinner every night, breakfast every morning. And we ensure the house is clean at all times. You know, laundry done all those sort of little things that like.  some like a hot girl like me that would see me as not usually a thing. I'm not my man with you, but it's always a thing. So, um, you know, I think I bring like that I said, like every quality of the tape, like I'm the hot girl that you can take out, bring with your friends, do business with, I can put on a suit, close the deal with you, but I can also be, you know, the housewife puts on an apron and cooks the meal for you. So whatever you need. And also do only fans. Exactly. Exactly. All right. I'm a freak on the side as well. Cool. I got you. What about you? Thanks. I feel like I'm really. Merch. Merch. Merch. Now go ahead and continue on. We have a, I feel like sure. I feel like I'm very trustworthy and I'm patient. So, but I'm not like a pushover, but to the point where I'll listen to my man and really try to understand his point of view. Like that to me is really important because that's where like arguments can happen. If you're not trying to listen to each other. So yeah, like patience is important. Okay. You seem very passive. Uh, I can be, but I don't think I'm necessarily like passive.  If I don't do that's the right word. I'm more like neutral. I prefer to just chill. Yeah, okay cool. I'm not trying to stress about anything. All right. What about you? I Don't compete a dominant so all I gotta say I know I know I know I know is one of my quotes. I've been doing for a long time But if you like me like me, I'm not gonna ever fight over a guy with a girl like you've never split into a DM before Hmm no, yes, I got everyone's crazy is you slain. I'm sorry. Well like you never you never fought over a guy No, I just cut through it so everyone's like believe me. I Maybe I'm the only but that I know I get what I want so someone's calling cap on that Yeah, I mean, I don't believe you but that's fun. You've never competed for a guy No, I don't have you ever competed for a girl, my friend Can I ever compete for a girl? Yeah, I'm curious Like  Men compete by people. Why is it random when you ask stuff is that we can be for men? Why do you think we're for men? Because men compete by default is just funny that women never acknowledge the fact that you guys also compete is just that you guys don't like to admit it and or live in reality that you do compete. Whether you want to admit or not. I'm all we all compete. We all compete. How's that women have the ridiculous hubris to say, I don't compete for anybody. Yeah, you do. When you put makeup on and you dress up and you go to the fog club, get your competing whether you want to accept it or not. Other girls are dead. Other girls are dead. Oh my god. This is narcissistic from what about you? Yeah. Can you define narcissistic? You define it by like textbook definition. You. Okay, which is you. What did I display that was just narcissistic? You you saying that we compete because we want to make ourselves feel good. Self love. I mean, no, I said we all compete whether. Okay. And when you get dressed to go to the club, who the fuck are you competing against? Um, actually, actually, I think it's a good idea. Maybe it doesn't go to the club. It's a good idea.  He doesn't go to the clubs, right? Is that correct? No. He doesn't go to the clubs. He's the liar. I see him at the club with my... Okay. Anyway, that's what I was saying. Whether we want to accept it or not, we all compete. We all do. Okay, good. You're taking accountability for yourself. Everybody competes. Okay, babe. You literally just question her. If she ever competed for a guy and she said no, and you said a cap, and then you compete to... I said, I said, how she ever threatened a bitch. I threatened every bitch who follows him. What are you talking about? I don't deal with that shit. I got multiple threats. Every girl. And I thought my life was in danger. That is so exciting. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That puts this point. Yeah. I'm saying, oh, well, old genders compete. What are you all love you? No, I love you. I love you. What are you all love you? No, I love you. Yeah, both genders compete. I'm saying that both do. I'm not saying I don't. In different ways, but do. I accept it and I acknowledge it. It's just funny to me that when girls say, I don't compete, no, you do. Okay, baby. I'm sorry. You nice to the girl. All right, what about you? I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  Yeah, I think everything is about. I want to bring it to ourselves just now. Good. Sorry, go ahead. I think everything is about connection. It's like how make you feel. If I bring you happiness and love and like a real and unique connection, that's, I think that's the key. Important thing. Okay. Okay. We got a switch up for connection. Yeah, I'll read some of these chats. We got three diglets, 20 bucks. Damn, that voice is scary. I think he's referring to Selena. Hybrid, five bucks. Cyphing, I'm sick. Fuck off. Yeah. Happy birthday to certified hood class at cool. The market is no, we're going 20 and I'm right. I mean, we aren't. Let's go. Okay. Are these comments after like what we were doing for a living or after what we just answered? No, these like rolled in like while we were talking a lot of time. Okay. The ultimate investigator, 20 bucks. Hey, Miss Selena, you're bad and all, but baby get grow up. Bianca is the baddest, Betty and the F and F history. Okay. Which one is beyond those cake right next to me? The goody tissues. Mr. $50, 50 bucks. Take, I will, I told you I would be in.  the war room by the end of the year had to be a brave soldier and made the investment today time to work. Good stuff, my friend. And we're going to talk about the war room in more detail guys later on when we bring it. My body color thank you so so so I can't. Anything else Chris? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey guys, just to keep the show flown, we're going to reach 20 and up. All your donations, guys, all the donations are going to be shown on screen. So we got y'all. We're going to make sure that they're all shown. We're 35, 35 bucks, 35 for one of the greatest to walk the earth salute to cobra, rollo and sterling in the house. My deepest respect to all of you. I hope to be in the war room one day. Thank you all for what you do. Marin is against it. Thank you. I appreciate that bro. And then I think Gene Boehne. 25 bucks. I received an email from you guys for a face I'm calling for the free tip to meet you in two studios. How are we going to do that? What? Oh, for the contest. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so if you receive that, we're going to follow with that email. Yeah, we'll let you know. And guys, that contest FNF spear bomb is going to go until the end of the.  Okay, we're gonna extend a little bit. C320 bucks, everyone is here. Welcome back, Andrew. Have a birthday, G. Hope to see Tristan with you next time. And then we got Brian O. FNF for the win, getting big tape back on, keeps Lena and Chek, so she doesn't drag down the show quality. Fuck off, whore. Joshua Bitts, 20 bucks. You guys have to have Andrew take in and micro-seat on the same show day. One day it'll be interesting to see how two alpha males interact and who gets a brand. Okay, Eduardo Morales recently got Rich Off-Forex, still a dork needs to join the war room to see you next year. And then we got Andrew. Have you found true love? My money's on Selena 20 bucks. With one Andrew. He's Andrew. I'm dead. You stupid. All right, say to him, miss anything Mr. Tate gives him blessings. His blessings to instantly become a certified classic. I'm joining the war room in a few months, Mr. Tate. Thank you for everything, resist slavery. Okay, and then we got coach E.O. Shout to you. Mr. Tate's left looks like a human asterisk.  have a great show. So then you guys are going to say back to you. No, no, there's left. There's an on the way left. Yeah, he just called you human astray. Oh, something to say about that. What you should do is you should repent. Just repent. Just say you know what? If that's what the public think of me, then I am sorry for all of you. I'm not sorry. I'm not sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Jesus, you have more work to do. Joseph W. My wife. What about you? Is the reason my I'm not what accounts the same or your more my body count. You don't know my body count. I'm a man of God. I bet your sedative is freaking. I know God. God. God. I almost had a girlfriend once. Me too. Yeah. Almost. God says the dick to me. How was that a sin? God sends the dick to you. Yeah, because sometimes I'd be like, God keep the evil spirits away. And he says, a fine ass man to me. And I'm like, God fuck. All right. So I'm.  I keep reading this. Why would I say sorry for that? Let me get through this. Sorry. I don't know if it's that way. 27, 99. A model woman delusions is the reason my dad is dead is present in the passing. It has me into the man I am today. My strong masculinity has helped my mom slash woman. Yes, the sex. I understand men and in turn has made them more feminine. Okay. King life. If a girlfriend looks like a character from celebrity death match, you messed up somewhere in life. This is a problem. And then someone goes, Sukuki Selena drank way too much before the show. I didn't even take five shots before the show actually say you're fucking up yourself. But then these are doing $20 something I drink too much. And then I mean, I mean, Danga welcome back to take 27, 99. What's a? All right, go on. What? No, no, it's fine. All right, I'm in in vinegar. Welcome back to 27, 99. And then let's get to the next question. Well, cool. So we got to react to. Yeah. And then wait one more deal. See.  Shout out to our boy DL Saint what's good fam Chris where did you find them to SMH more elegant women like Bianca Please respect to mr. Tate and rollo fresh if 500 K around the corner keep leading from the front gentlemen Thank you so much. I appreciate that my friends To go here, you know slanick, can you please put your phone away? I'm sorry. I think fresh told you already once right you're right. I'm sorry Yeah, like it's extremely rude. Please don't do that. I'm sorry. I didn't think they could see me because I couldn't see you They can they can see you yeah, you're obviously I don't know why you have a phone right? We're on commercial break. I'm sorry. Take them from me. Yeah, take the phone from her Oh my god am I running the show Let's play the video You guys you got night people in here. I like the video man. It's gonna be crazy show. Don't call them my phone Yeah, you got you got their her phone We just put it away so that you guys could think  I don't even look at my phone on the show. Okay, so that's the video fish. Thanks, Christina. Appreciate it. I'm sorry guys. So, who noticed that? Okay, so I'll, so any more chats, Chris? Yeah, we do. So right here. Okay, we got Selena legs like a... Okay, Mayer, Selena look like the star of Thriller. Oh shit. You guys are gonna say back to that, Mayer. We got to them. I love Triller. Okay, there you go. The Michael Jackson music video. Oh, oh my god. Thriller, you're trying to call your zombie. You guys are gonna say back? I'll take it to all fuck Michael Jackson. So let's not a fucking insult for Bid. All right. Okay, Sean Muhammad, they make it faces at Bianca for cooking and cleaning. Just imagine these chicks being mothers to your children. Recreational use only champs. First of all, Bid John's like, hey, I'm face because I can cook and clean too. Oh shit. Okay, friends, so talk about clean of sounds like Freddie Kuger. I crinkle every time she talks, my stomach is turning. So stop.  watching you donate $20 to say that bye bitch. And we got pill Cosby in the house shout out to you. You just made it out of jail. Yeah. Would be up for drinks after this. It'd be the night of your life. Not that you would remember. Oops. Okay. Fine. Is that what I remember? So I'm posing as Bill Cosby. All right. Cool. So I got a lot of money. I'm going to read the $100 comment about that. Yeah. Okay. We got someone just walked in here. Friggin boss level. Oh, Tristan. Tristan takes in the house. Hey, shout out to Tristan tape, man. It's not just in the house. Ah. Don't get the mom. Go. You want to say what's up to the people Tristan or? Yeah. The camera's okay. Yeah. There's a camera right there to your left. Chris switch to it real quick. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Switch. It's eight. It's eight. Hey, Tristan. That was right there. There you go, man. Look at Swap is usual. Doctor. Why don't you all wear suits like that? She likes to wear suits. I really like my men and suits. What's his name? ded but my com family. Weепies and på colescause grandfather. prototype Mmkay. Dre Tighten us off Demand ואת May we be safe? Yeah. I grew up in history. Nice. I knew I left you there for everyone. My mom.  Tristan. There you go. Shout out to Tristan. Okay, so we don't work out. We've got a video. So we're gonna wrap the video. We got a Ready video. Tell us your opinion after and then think of a question for us on the panel each of you one on one question to us. Anybody want panel. So, uh, you can. All right. So Chris, play the video. If you don't mind. Yeah, one second. Let me just, uh, can you tell them about the video real quick? What's this video? Guy. So this video is regarding why should a guy date a girl and go to telling telling the guy in interviewer why they should date them. It's funny because you guys answered a question. Now we're gonna hear other girls react to this question as well because they can answer it either. Okay, there you go. I think I didn't answer. Okay. All right. So here's the video. And it's not signing so sorry about the ads guys. Why should a man date you? This is what I want to know. Take me to see what is she even saying. What is your name? Say like a body. Oh,  Why should a man date you? Why should a man date me? Yeah, oh wow, okay. She has all stuff in real clothes. She has all this sexy and hot and beautiful and smart and talented. Because I'm great. Because I have morals. I'm hard working. I'm loyal and I'm honest. Shop one, shop one. We are not today. He shouldn't. I'm not today because she's on a big street campaign. Because I'm a lot of person. So I'm already better. I'm not going to lie. Come on. Beats wayer. Why should a man date you? I mean, look at me. You would have thought you ate. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I don't know if it's good. I don't.  No, no, no, no. A match never day, time, as a woman, we should be more into our relationship. That's what I'm saying. I'm so happy. We have good personalities. You're beautiful. What is your name? My name is Rachel. Why should a man date you? Fresh no bones. I've got our best downstairs. I'm sitting at 12 o'clock. We need to validate that. Oh, OK. Wasn't that nice? No, that was terrible. No, guys, OK. Let me know. Lucas is doing the real ladies. I'm not doing that. What? No, no, no. I'm an angel. You're not an angel. But I am. We go have NBA babies. It's all I got to say. I'm one of a kind. How are you? I get spread my shows apart so far. And I can be the same baby. What? I'm going to say we have a baby now.  I'm the same thing. I'm only fans. Who is in it? I'm Heather. Why is it a man day? Because I'm beautiful. I'm fun. I'm funky and hot. Stop the cow. I'm stuck down there. I like to be free. Really? I go to work. I go to the gym. Am I my business? I'm a oil. I'm hot. You push me. I just want both of you. I'm praying for Ashton. She still looks like it. They're at the end of the day. I'm not going to be free. I'm going to work. I go to the gym. I'm not going to be free. I'm not going to be free. I'm not going to work. Or other at the end of the date. What is it? We can stop here. I want question. I have one question. Why did we ask the club? New year. Obviously, Rachett, nun, Very intoxicated. Women were answering. Like why don't you go stand outside of a college or anywhere? Dist破. Don't ever worry. college. It doesn't matter where you ask. I don't know about it. It'll happen. It doesn't matter. You're in.  is a product of you surrounding like it matters. Female's primates, female's primates selection. Female's rely on how they look, right? That's their primary way to attract a date or a mate is how they look. It's all bad thing. I'm not saying, but that's your number one weapon, right? It's how you look. Men rely on status and women rely on how they look. So when you ask her how, why should a man date you? And she can't instantly say, because I think I'm beautiful, she literally doesn't have a clue what to say. Well, why should a girl who they do say again? Why should a woman date you? Okay, let's talk to the family. We can't really talk to you. They can't watch what they do. Actually, hold on. Don't worry. We're gonna get to that. We're gonna come back around. And then we're gonna say basically, now in reverse, what should a guy have to date you? Yeah. So come back around. And then Andrew, if you want to ask her that, you can. Real quick. Let's say for the panel. So, so we'll start here. Let's start with you. Now, we'll do questions for us right after. So we'll start here. That's a question. After this. So we'll say the podcast.  No, no, after this question. So the question is, what should a guy have to date you? She'll need to chill the fuck out. Hey, can you relax? No, like you're not gonna disrespect me on the platform, man. I'm just not gonna do that. All right. Okay, so what should I have to date you? Okay, so first I'll be at you. Go on. I mean, I asked the audience. Yeah, nobody's listening to me. They think I'm crazy. I made it up. The Virgin's are waiting for us. I get we give the ass to her. There are the other side. We just go through this little bit of pain. I don't have everything we've been waiting for this whole podcast. We're talking about it for years. Where's the good woman at? Just let the rock crash, my G. Let's go. Asteroid. Let's go. And it burned. There's the other way out.  No versions of Miami We got 9000 plus people watching 95 people would be exact man like the guy video we got climbed to 10 10,000 an hour and already almost 10k ladies here at the video share the video guys here. Let's get lit All right, what should I have to like do you okay? So first of all via gentleman Mm-hmm be intelligent and I got that I can learn something from him Of course I went lovely carry on on his hard work care all the stuff and Love me respect me. So no money not you can be broke of course. No money Honestly, okay, that's obvious, you know, you have to say it. Girl you you have to say it I mean I think you're speaking as he There's no smiles here you have to say it and I don't know if you speak that should exist All right, maybe billions life style billions. What's your thing already? So I like my men to like have their own path Mm-hmm. Um, yes, ambitious  I do like a god is spontaneous. Like I'm really like if they want to go to like Puerto Rico, let's go to Puerto Rico, let's have some fun. Like you know, I'm free spirit. What about the threesome? I'm down for that. Okay. She looking at me. Honestly, I don't even need a minute. She looking at me. She looking at me. Yeah. She looking at me. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm gonna have first of all, it's the blue ice cream. You like the blue eye? Light eyes are scared. I can look at you dead in the eye. Oh my god, am I gonna cheat on a fight? But yeah, I love you. I love you. I love you. I'm gonna get a number later. But so I don't need a shot. That whole threesome. I love a guy. I can do it just for girls. Girl, I got a smile. Okay. Is that all you will bring? You love it all right. Yeah. This ambitious hard work in, that's it. Yeah. Does he have to earn more money than you do? And no, I like making the most money. Really? That's interesting. That's very interesting. I'm always like making different types of bags. So. No.  All right. Oh, I like the hat. Wow. Yeah, I don't believe you. Yeah, no, I just. I hate my own bill. Stop self-sufficient. Stop self-sufficient. I'm paying my own bills. Okay. All right. Okay. Ms. Banks, what about you? I like a confident man and a loving man. Like just very open and expressive and a patient man. Like I like to be patient, but I also need a man that is patient. And we'll listen and I'll just blow everything off. Okay. We're all quick. We got in the chat. De Kwan will shire. De Kwan donated 200 bucks to say hi. Shout you, De Kwan. Okay. I'm gonna die. Hey, De Kwan. Hey, De Kwan. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. You're in my eyes. Like these boys. Oh, you said I made a face where he goes. Your environment is a product that your surrounding makes absolutely no sense. Your environment is literally your surrounding. I'll listen. Thank you.  you are a product for your environment is what she meant to say. Yeah. And I will agree with you. You are a product for your environment. You're a product of what you choose to surround yourself with. Correct. And that actually is one of the number one indicators of whether somebody's intelligent or stupid because everybody understands that you are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. So I'm so glad you paid $200 to prove my point. No, no, no, but what you said is true. But that means, but that means if you understand the fact that you are the sum of the people you hang around with and you hang around with stupid hosts, well, then that says a lot about what you're aiming to be. I'm not saying you do. I'm just saying in general, everyone is to be very, very careful of who they hang around with in general. Absolutely elaborate on that. If anyone's wondering, okay, what should I go have to date you? What should I have to date you? I think there's like the top three. Number one, I want to walk into the room. Speaking to the mic. Sorry. I say this top like three main things I focus on. And the number one is like boss mentality. So like when I meet like a group of men, right? And I walk into a room.  Whoever invited me there doesn't matter. I'm gonna review the room and see who's in charge. I wanna know who invited them all there, who put everything together, who's calling the shots. That's what I'm gonna charge with you, the boss. And the second thing is obviously confidence and the ability of who they are and what they bring to the table. Cause I've seen a lot of very in charge men, but also be very insecure. And so it's counterproductive, right? So when you have those two together and then also the ability to communicate, I think is the third thing for me. So when you bring all those together, when you're a boss and you communicate and you have confidence, like those three are like a lethal injection to me and I submit immediately. Just say my name, baby. There you go. I know you want me to. Fresh. All right. Oh, we got a dick one again. Two hundred bucks.  Dan, Dekwan. Okay. Here's another 10. To tell you, you still made no sense. Here goes, here's another 20 to tell you, you still made no sense. He made sense of what you said, you idiot. So, why don't you just pay him just so I can stick already? Oh, Dan, Dekwan, you heard that? Oh, shit. Oh man. You know what, you know what? Let's lighten the tone, because Dekwan's pretty funny. I must admit, no, Dekwan's making me laugh, but I'm gonna try and be a gentleman. It's a man's job. Listen to our jobs to we wander the earth and just constantly make sense of what women are trying to say. Isn't that what we're trying to do, basically? Pretty much. It's real, yeah. If you want to get laid, yeah. No, I'm not going to get laid. If you want to survive out here, they run their mouth for two hours, and at the end of it, you're like, all right, bitch, so you're mad. That's what you got to learn to decipher, right? But what you got to learn to decipher, or we know what she's mad about, but we did it anyway, and it is what it is. So that's the game. So we know, what do you look for in a man, but then you got some of this stuff.  I know. Actually, no, you guys to be you're surprised. I shorten my list. All I look for now is money. Oh, shit. Okay. Is it? She's been six months ago. Yeah. I remember you remember the first time I was on the show when you asked me that. That was the first thing I said. OK, you know what? I really I really wish I was rich. No, you sound like such a catch. I wish I had money. I really wish I had money. No, just because I'm struggling. No, I'll fuck up for you guys. OK, so I stand a chance. I will. Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You'll be fucked by a poor guy. You can't fuck. Listen, you will die by the sword. I'm talking about. We'll talk to you about this. I will mess you up. I will mess you up. I'll mess you up at a level you're not prepared for. Whether I'm richer or not. We'll see about that. All right. We'll see about that. There you go. The next fresh and fit is going to be her sitting here limp. In a fuck with the champ. He's been mostly like you. I don't know who blew her back. I'm sorry. You want to blow her back out? Yeah.  Okay, we gonna see Selena what made you change your mentality to shorten the list the list so you say honestly I Been to it all so I started liking guys for who they are Yeah, I realized I became like the bitch who like was like getting ice-co Like chimp to vacation to the one who's paying for all that shit and I still got dragged through the fucking mud So like you know what? Back to the old me you know, I don't want to jump in because I know we're trying to go around the panel and ask the question I don't want to jump in yeah, but it was really but what's really interesting about a lot of it I would never hurt me being loyal did bitch. No, no, but a lot of these conversations are interesting because we talk about male and female Fuck out of you. We talk about man's do men do this women do this and a lot of it is true Well, guess what I'm the female version of you know, you're absolutely fucking not anyway Anyway Back to my point when we're talking about men and women doing something we both only want Please you want to put  I want to say, please, please, Lena, let him finish and then you could say what you want to say. I'm sorry. He didn't answer you. He didn't answer up. You let him finish. Then you could say what you got to say. Thank you. One at a time. So because we talk about men and women a lot and a lot of those points are true because men think of certain way, women think of certain way. But there is also a huge element of just basic human nature. So what she said about I tried to be the nice girl and got taken advantage of. Human nature is to take advantage of people who are too pussy. That's human nature. I thought about man and woman, right? If you're too pussy, if you're a man, he's going to take advantage of you. If a man's too pussy for a woman, he can take advantage. If we're too pussy to the government, they'll take advantage for you to get four injections. That's how the world goes, right? So that's not that's a bit about man and woman. That's human nature. You have to have boundaries as an individual. So I think we it's a lot of these debates, a lot of these things, people get confused are like men say men do this, women do this. People do that. Yeah. Let's not confuse it because people do that. They'll abuse any power you give. That's what people do. What do you think? Sure, not. No, he's 100% true. A guy is only going to do what you are. He's to teach people how to treat you. Exactly.  I thought the guy was done with, oh, just treat me anytime. What you've got in pain. But that's what changed me. I'm so mean. So less cut bits. I've never heard anything so attractive. I can't waste any day. I got money. I can't waste any day. I got money. I got so much. So much. A soulless come bit. Just what I've always wanted. I'll give you what you want, baby. You want to hand back? Let's go baby. You want to go. I'm not going to go saving up. I'm going to go back to Kroger's and when I finish my shift, I'll get you any. There you go. So money only is what she cares about. What do you want? I'm no fuck button. Nothing else. You don't got to be. I'm never going to be a real shit. I'm going to be a whore's the damn fucking guy bitch. God. It is. It is. I'm just kidding. Let's see. What about you? What do you want to make? I think the primary thing for me at this point is safety. And I think confidence is one thing. Safety is really the element.  provide me a space to feel secure with you because I can do everything else. I can be the finance, I can be the provider, but I would prefer to step into masculine energy so that I can step back into like being a divine feminine. So that only comes with safety. You have to give your woman the space to be able to just step back. I have a quick question for you. Earlier, so would it be fair to say that safety is a pretty, you know, it's a tangible thing. It's important. Yes, absolutely. Okay. When a man provides it. Yes. So if a man is providing you safety and that's pretty important, isn't it fair to ask you what do you bring to the table? Because earlier you said, and you got to ask that is like that's bullshit. Yeah. No, you're right. You're right. So if a man brings safety to you, isn't it fair for him to demand that you bring something to the table as well? I will. I will give you that. I never said I was not bringing anything to the table at all though. She's not. I never said that I never said that I bring nothing to the table. If you provide new safety, I'll provide you the same.  but I think it's within a man's rights ask, what do you bring to the table? If he's gonna bring you safety, I think it's a fair to ask. I think so. So what do you bring to the table? So what do you bring to the table? So what do I bring to the table? To the man who gives you safety. Give me my hand. Give this way, okay? Look, like if you had your ideology, if a man was giving you everything you've ever asked for, what would you provide him return? Yeah. How about that? So I'm 24. I've been engaged for, or I was engaged for a while. So you know, I've, I've loved that. I should have put my ring on. So I was engaged for a little bit. In terms of what I provided in the fact, you broke it off. I did. Oh, you broke. I just look, I was too young. I wasn't enough. You know, facts. I was the right thing. I'm going to be real. That's actually the wrong thing. I did not feel like I was enough. Really weren't you? Married mentally. We'll talk about that. We'll answer that in a second. I'm sure we will. Welcome back. Let's get many women are not the same ladies. I did not. I didn't know. It does not benefit you to push back marriage, but it definitely benefits us.  I didn't want to marry him. I didn't think I was enough at a time. I was also only what 18 18 when I said I'm Mexican and Dominican. Trouble, I struggle. I still right there. I'm Mexican and Dominican, but in terms of what I bring to the table, I definitely agree with you in terms of like being like a classic classic timeless female. Traditional traditional. Be at home. I like to take care of the person that I'm with. I know that that's who I am just by nature. I'm super mommy in terms of like how I want to deal with my man like I want to cook dinner. I want to do laundry. I want to make sure that he looks nice and do all those things, but I also want to like she said, make sure that he's okay mentally like making sure that his future is on track pushing him to be the best version of himself. And I expect the same from him. Okay, all right. Fuck all that cooking. She's so we know we just put our kitchen on fire. That's why she feels that way. Nope.  fuck that I cooked and cleaned and did everything fuck that. Okay, I'm gonna treat you big. All right, Selena, we gotta let the other girls speak. I'm sorry. Go ahead. I guess I would say a man that's compassionate with his career, someone who's mature, that's a big deal with me because I do deal with a lot of men in the industry that I'm in. So just like having that trust within me that I'm gonna act right when I'm out in public with people. It's huge for me. Confidence as well. I can't be with a weak man who thinks that I'm his competition. And yeah, just someone who's honest, I guess you could say. Cool. And Bianca. I'm going to say someone that's intelligent, someone that can hold a conversation. Headstrong, so knows what he wants and goes for it. So self-motivated, um, determined, yeah. And did you man have all these traits? Yes. That's so cute. Lucky.  Okay, Andrew. What is the legendary tape wanting a woman? Please tell us. You know what would be even a little bit more interesting just very very quickly because we've done enough we've done enough panels. Yeah, and what do you girls think men want? Just quickly one word what what do you because I don't know most I don't know most women actually understand what men are looking for. What do you think? I'm a mature. Oh, dick. What are we? Okay, best friend. Okay, I know what I know. What? I think they want a little bit of everything. I think they want a little bit of how they want somebody thinking that could be free with. Yeah, but they also they also want to grow that's gonna they can come home to cook the meal. Is it gonna make sure they have food on the table? Yeah, that's it. Make sure they're laundry clean. You're also gonna make sure their bag is in their fucking right their bills are paid. All right. They want full force. I want to see a full they want to see oh they want to fucking everything. All right. I want a full force woman. And if you don't provide all of those options on the table, you're nothing to this point. I think that you have all full force like.  You're worthless. You can have all those. I'm gonna say it'll be worthless. It's up to the guy. You're a school, you're a nurse. Whatever you got going on. I got these things at home. It's gonna be an issue. Like, you had some men. You had something going on. I think that men in regards to having a woman think more long term or in the future. And a lot of the people that are on here, one of somebody that's gonna raise their kids like well. That's a good, yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. Okay. Selena, did you have something I know you just trying to say something before? No, I'm just saying like, I feel like a guy, you can't like raise a man in the sense. Like, you can cook, you can clean, you can do all this shit that these girls name. A guy's not gonna act right if he wants to appear. Oh, let me tell you, let me tell you. I was the good girl. I stepped out of this. Yeah, we heard this story blah blah. We got to hear the good girl. Now you're a hoe we get it. Listen, now let me give you all an insight into how men actually think. Kowloon.  So men live in a world which is extremely competitive. I know you girls think it's competitive on Instagram and filters and all that shit, but it's much harder in the mail. Yeah, because you're all trying to compete for how you look, right? But for men, it's far more competitive in many other ways. Because we have to compete not only on how we look, but it's also competing on things we can't even help, right? You're born short, what are you gonna do? You're not doing what I mean or you're dick small. What are you surgery? That's the problem. We're trying to compete all the things you just asked for. You want a guy who's intelligent, a guy who can hold a conversation, a guy who's wise, a guy who's dominant, a guy who provides safety, you're the guy who's brave, a guy who's capable to provide safety, right? So men are competing in many different realms. It's extremely difficult to be a man. So we're constantly competing on what we're looking for as status, men love status. This is the reason why men do the things they do. Why do men join the army and go out there and risk having their legs blown off? It's because they get to say they're a soldier. Why did I enter the cage and enter the ring 87 times to get to say I'm a world champ? I risk my life. Well, that doesn't make any logical sense. Why don't I risk my life to go fight some cycle from Russia? Because I get to say I'm the champ, right? Status. Men want status. So what do we...  We want from our woman. We want someone who's gonna help us with our status. And status is gonna be derived from scarcity, right? So you're not gonna be able to help us with our status if you're acting like every other chick out there. So that's why we want you to be beautiful, of course. But we also want you at home. We don't want you in the club. Cause I can get a beautiful girl goes to the club. Every other dude has one. But we want one who's beautiful and at home. Because that makes her unique. And if she's unique, I gain what? Okay, well, we're all on the right side. This is starting to make sense, right? So if you want to make your man happy, you have to sit there and say, how can I increase this man's status? It's extremely easy. I'll tell you something. I've been to 72 countries. I've lived all around the world. And it's really interesting to me where certain, I'm gonna finish. And you can go certain, certain cultures have certain, they act in certain ways. It's all a little bit different. But when I was in Russia, for example, I had to go from from Russia. If my boys came over, my friends came over. She the first thing she did was come and go, anyone want a drink can I make coffee? Did she, and she wasn't doing that. Cause she gave a shit about people having coffee. She knew it increased my status. But this hot bitch, the walk-ins are offering drinks I was there, camera, I know. Yeah.  They were the same. They were the same. So you're a female. And I'm saying this seriously, if you're a female and you're sitting there and you have a man you genuinely like and you actually want to keep him happy, the way you think about it is how can I increase the status of this man? How can I increase the status? How can I make him be perceived more positively in the eyes of his peers? How can I make other men look at him and be jealous of him? How can I act in a way where people are like, Ross, my man's the biggie? Well, that's how you act. And you put those pieces in line, you're going to have a very, very happy man. It's really not complicated. So when we say things like we don't want you going to the club blah, blah, blah, we're not trying to tie you down room, freeze you having fun. Okay, yeah, you might get drunk through something stupid. Whatever, let me tell you about that. It's about the fact that every single stupid bitch is in the club, but my bitch ain't in the club and that gives me status. Does that make sense? Does that make sense? I can act. I can act. Go ahead, make some. Go ahead. Go ahead, make some. Go ahead. Go ahead, make some. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm just going to say from Moscow, that's very true.  Shout out to all our Russians out there. So I want to go see nice all you had your hand and then you guys Some and then we'll just go one by one Sorry, Martin We got 10k likes We don't have 4.2k likes Guys get the like show all right like the video So we'll go who wanted to go Selena has to say I know you have something to say You believe in it be out guys to say you have to say to me We have something okay cool. So Selena you go first and then I saw her and then We just wanted to know like why the guy isn't it? I'll tell you why I'll tell you why we're at home. My y'all are out probably gonna hold Fucking who else Cooking your meal You know, but this is wrong You don't understand I've already I've already answered this question Everything ties back into the meta point I've already given you a baseline you can use to apply to any situation There you go you  And the reason your man will go to the club and leave you at home and run around with some stupid bitch who ain't even a fraction of you, even though he loves you with all his heart. And he'll still fuck that bitch is because that gives him status to be able to say, I went to the club, my girl stays home, I fuck that stupid hoe. My girl didn't even leave me. Now I'm back with my chico. Actually, love it status. He doesn't even fuck about her. She's a tool to use for tennis. And that's what I'm saying. You shouldn't leave that guy because he actually loves you. It's all status games. It's status games. Baby, no, because now that side bitch can lie here for me, bitch. And be like, yeah, that dumb ass. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're the reason that side bitch, the reason that side bitch can laugh at you is because you're stupid enough to fall for her game. Let me taste something. Let me taste something. If you're a real woman, if you are a real woman, you gave her a big day. That's right. That's right. If you're a real woman and some side bitch message you and goes, yeah, your man fucked me last night and I should get out of here. Yeah, exactly. You reply, I know. Man, hope you had fun.  I The most late response is like now I watch the video No, just say listen just say I know Oh, you just say I know I'm a guy I We're gonna Well, so Hey, I'm the how I say you don't have anything to say anymore. I would have a question so you're not meeting women in the club Where are you meeting the the woman giving you status? So we're not supposed to be in the club because we you know Guys guys one on a time at a time it is extremely annoying to the audience when multiple of the women are speaking at the same time One mic at a time so they can hear what they're saying and you'll get an opportunity to talk so they can hear what you're saying Please so where should we go now you're not supposed to be in the club when you have a man If you're single then  Absolutely go to the club meet a person. We're social animals. Why are you in the club if you have a woman? I just told you. I just I literally just said it. I literally just said it. But sorry, my run. I know it's your shot. I really don't want him to do. But if you press that stupid button and make me so happy. I got you brother. That's stupid. Like I just told you and this is what women don't seem to understand. Right. It's all about status for men. This is the world we live in and it's extremely competitive. So I don't want you to ever. The reason I genuinely say to girls, look, if you have a guy and he actually looks after you and you truly love him with all your heart. Don't believe in him over some dumb shit. It's because he ain't doing it because he doesn't love you. That's and this, this is that genuine advice. That's my actual genuine advice. If you have a guy and you know he looks after you and you could sit with him say, why do you fuck that bitch? And you go, well, my boys who dare to fuck that bitch, I'm sorry. No, I have enough. Can I just say, can I just say, if we, if we just take a second to just listen to what he's saying, just reflect. All these men out here with status that are rich, that are famous. Ain't shit.  all their women right next to them, their baby mamas, their wives, everybody, they're at home and they look super classy. They are, they are, yeah, it's true. But okay, if all these men out here, they start cheating. Okay. You'll get a chance to say your piece of her finish and then if they're cheating, their wives stay with them. They're all over the news. He was sleeping with this girl. He had an affair with this person and guess what? The wife stays. Yes, they do because they're smart enough. That's because you're not smart enough to get a guy that level unless you know the game. You know, the game. All the women that are right is an answer. Wives are classy. You know, you want to know what that's called? Intelligent. Measervical. No, it's not. Let's let her go. Okay. What is it called? It all depends on what you want. These women want also, they also want studies. They also want money. They want to be taken care of. They want these nice things and you know what that comes with? Men.  cheating like these these men with a lot of money with a lot of status cheating on you. Unfortunately, that's how it is. She's right. If that's the lifestyle you want, that's what you deal with. She's right. Right. Yeah. And let her allow me to simplify. Go ahead. It's called an arrangement. No, it's not that way. It's not called the reason. I'll tell you why it's not called the region. No, no, no, no, no. In light in me, I will enlighten you my dear. Please do. I will because what she just said is absolutely correct. And you have a man of certain status who excels in so many qualities. You have to accept. You have to accept on some level that every other female wants him. And although he only loves you, sometimes he's going to do some dumb shit. That's what men do. This is the nature of the universe. This is even about men and women, right? There's always a downside. If you want the most reliable car you can buy, you don't buy a Ferrari. You buy a Toyota. You buy a Toyota because it always starts. If you buy a Ferrari, sometimes it fucks up because it's a Ferrari, right? So you're going to get yourself a, you can all these women out here going, I want a Ferrari man.  I want to. Smart. Okay. Are you listening? Yes. He's literally talking to you. I'm very much so listening. Like, it's okay. I'm listening. You want yourself a Lamborghini or Ferrari man. You want someone who's rich. You want someone who's smart. You want somebody who's going to make you feel safe. You want someone intelligent. You want someone who's wise. You want someone big and strong and sexy. You want all these things, but he also has to be loyal. That's as dumb as walking the Lambo garage and talking about fucking gas mileage. It's stupid. It ain't real. It's not real. You have to accept. Look, listen, you can. I'm not saying you let your man make a fool of you. I'm not saying that. I'm saying you will just say to your man, look, some things are going to happen. I don't want to hear about them. X, Y, Z. I'm not going to let you have another fucking wife or no dumb shit. But if whatever happens happens, I don't pretend I didn't really notice, but I just want to know that you care about me and you make me feel like you really care about me. And that's the most intelligent thing you can do. And that's how you end up the wife of a billionaire. As you just said, you think you think the wife of a billionaire a Russian oligarch billionaire on a yacht?  out in Santa Pay. You think she's telling him he can't go talk to bitches? Okay, so can I just say I agree with everything you just said on the contingency of the fact that whatever um you know uh uh contact you ever speaking about they have money correct? I'm listen we know I'm just saying whatever contact you're just talking about the fact that they can do whatever the fuck they want. I'm not about whatever they're providing they're providing security and like you know whatever it is. It fixes a lot of problems. That's all problems. My my my most 99.9% of problems other than the fact that I have a you know disabled brother and it can make him better I get that okay but you're saying that all of this is contingent upon the fact that you know some woman is this be okay with some average asthma the fucker behaving in a certain matter no the only way that behavior is ever acceptable.  is if you have status to provide in return. If you, if you then gives you compensation. I'm going to say no. That's what I say. That's what I say. And just answer whatever it is told you that. I'm not saying no. I'm not saying that an average guy is going to, you're going to be dealing with those things with an average guy. No, you're talking about somebody that has status, that has money. They're growing in there really. And that's something that goes, you, you want to live that lifestyle? You want to be with that man? That's what you deal with. Completely. You accept the gas mileage. I accept the crazy gas mileage from a Lambo. You want to accept it on a Toyota? That's the game. Look at all those famous people that get that cheat on their wives and get caught all the time. The women stays always. Where else is she going to go? It's not exactly going. You had a point? Yeah. I'm agree. What'd you say? Is this true? Yeah, it's true. Whatever you say, I'll just say, although you, you have an average. You want to be an average guy. You want to be an average girl term. You want to say, what about you? I'll be your wifey. I'm just a little. But she said it's an.  arrangement he's was clarifying that it's not an arrangement. It's clearly an arrangement. I respect we disagree. I know. Because we mount seeking arrangement. So I really think that that's like actually very apparent to the point of like understanding a relationship and what you bring to the table and what that other person brings to the table. If it was a normal marriage, there would be no prenup involved. No understanding. Wait, wait, wait, who are we talking about? We everybody. Everybody in general. Not me. Okay. I mean, you can say it's an arrangement. I mean, if you guys have sugar, I didn't meet my iron on I'm seeking your arrangement. I'll talk about this openly. Yeah, good try. Not anyway. I mean, I'm not I'm not showing you a secret. I think you all know he trolls girls on there for whatever reason. Thank you for showing that I am authentic. Anyway, we're about to what I was saying nice try. But yes, just because just because you're with a guy and he provides and everything else like that doesn't necessarily mean it's a arrangement. Unless like you guys he's your sugar daddy and he told you I'm going to give you a. Yeah, you know,  You know what arrangement is? You know what, I'm about to see this girlfriend that knows the rules of dealing with a man. You know when they say arrangement, arrangement is a trick. It's a semantic trick. And they use a very particular word to try and change the dynamic of a situation. It's like, I'll give you another example, pandemic, right? It's another word they use to change the truth. Because if you look and use your own eyes, you don't see one, right? But they start throwing that word around everything changes. So arrangement's the same. Life is an arrangement. You're all here for exposure on a YouTube channel and return and give your opinions. That's an arrangement. You go into a store, you give the money and return for the product. That's an arrangement, right? So the word arrangement is not a bad word. Looking at a man is saying, he is high-stats enough and adds enough to my life. It looks after me enough for me to tolerate him occasionally doing some dumb shit with a hoe he doesn't care about. It's not an arrangement in a negative way. That's just common sense. It's common sense. That's common sense. It's compromised, right? And it's also reality. The most unhappy females on the planet, the biggest hos on this earth, are girls who are out there saying,  I'm gonna get myself the best man in the world and he's gonna be loyal. And all they do is end up getting with the fucking best man they can get who cheats. And then they get another guy who the best man they can get who cheats. And then they get through 20 of them and then they just take fuck it and then they're like her. Oh no, my ho. Well done, you win. Congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. Congratulations. You can get the cheats. No, but this is their own words. I'm on salt and the girl's her own words. All right, it's her own words. I'm on salt and I'll say again, soon she gets back here. Can I say something? Of course, yeah. I know everyone's gonna hate me for saying this. I guess I'm just different. I'm not from Florida, but I'm just so confused and why this lifestyle is like the goal for people. What about becoming a millionaire yourself? I'm just so confused that why the women is like dependent on a man or like going after the money, work for yourself. When you pin in work for something, then you will run into the person that you are meant for who has that money, but you can't sit here and be broke or not have a career or not have a job or not have an income. And it's back for a man to...  take care of you and not cheat. When it comes to cheating, you can be a man and not a boy and actually tell me what you're going to do beforehand and that's a lot better than you going to secure dick and someone random and not tell me. And then me going to the doctor and having fucking disease or something. I just don't know. It's just a open relationship. Yeah. I don't think or something. Yeah. I'll be out to go. Listen. A lot of women nowadays are lazy. They want their man to take their generation. Yes. They want their man to take care of them. Their goal is not to be successful themselves. Their goal is to have their man be successful to take care of them. The goal is to be a hose wife. So is that a generation thing or is that a classic thing? Because back in the day we stay at home mom, women didn't have jobs, women didn't work. No, no, no. So I'm sure that always existed. I'm sure that always existed. But right now it's a little bit more common. So we're on social media right now. Women are able to take advantage of the way that they look and stuff and make their money off of men that  want to look at them like that. Yeah. I'll just I'll answer it succinctly. Here's a thing. That sounds good on paper and that sounds fantastic. Being dependent, get your own money, be a strong independent woman or whatever. But you hate women that do that, don't you? Can I finish my point, please? Yeah, sure. And lighten me. So, and I'm speaking with her. Like, that's great. You can get your own money and everything. But the thing is is that as you earn more money as a woman, your potential mates go down with it. As a woman makes more money, doors closed. As a man makes more money, doors open. It depends if you find a partner that you're going to build with because if you're running out of money, let me just let me just let me just be honest about this. Like that whole build together and et cetera, et cetera, women don't build. Man, they move in. We could sit here and say this bullshit about women sit there and they're going to build or whatever. Women nine out of 10 times, one take guy that's preassembled. Will they take a chance on a guy that potential? Yeah, that's possible. But if you give a woman her own devices, she's going to want a guy that comes preassembled, especially if she's assembled. That's the main key. If she's assembled and she makes  a certain amount of money. She's not going to take a chance on a guy that earns significantly less than her. So you can say that. Yeah, that's true. So why is it so many people saying, so why isn't any woman? Can you please let me finish? Yeah, like I mean, is there an issue because when I'm making a point you interrupt and then you're not listening to what people are saying. I wasn't interrupting. It's you're looking for conversation. I was speaking with her to answer her question and then you can definitely chime in after I thought we were all here. Well, you weren't listening and paying attention before. So that's why it's one of the same. He speaks. She speaks. She speaks. And then you're going to say your point. You know, I'm saying I've asked other people who stop interrupting you as well. You know what I'm saying? So anyway, so like what I'm saying is that as a woman makes more money, she just doesn't have the same amount of options as a man that makes money. If a dude makes a lot of money and he has status, he's going to pick a young baddie. He's not going to necessarily go for a woman that's his age, his caliber and his financial success. That sounds great on paper, but it just doesn't operate that way. When men have status and money, they deal with  with more attractive women and we don't care about a woman's status, but you do. So you are locked in to your socioeconomic equals essentially with men, but those guys don't necessarily want you. Yeah, that's fine. That would never jeopardize what I've worked on my life for for a man to take care of me. That would never. And that's fascinating. No, that's a different for you, but I mean, that's just sad. That's a different, I'm different, but I'm just saying, it'll make us a man. Why would I work my ass off? Why would I work so many hours? Why would I study for so long when I can have a man just paying for my bills just because I look nice. I want to leave you though. They're going to be crying. But women don't think no, women don't think like that. They're that size of the person. They find another man having sex for no fucking reason. The ladies, men get punished when they divorce you and they have a significant amount of money. Well, there's a reason why the term cheaper to keep or exists. Guys don't divorce women initiate the force. You know, we got role in Somassian here that can break down all the stats on that, but women initiate the force. Did you have something, Kay? Oh, sorry. With my help.  Can you please stop being disrespectful for the podcast making these weird faces and stuff like? I just mean just I just like listen. I just feel like a lot of your Perspective is very short-minded In regards to the fact that I mean first of all you do you utilize and I'm the first one to be interested to attention You're the first one to utilize a sugar daddy website To quote unquote troll young women to come on your website so they are your podcast so that you can Whatever it is you do to them I know manipulation or Degrade whatever is you get a kickoff of let's find okay, you know So I just don't understand why you would feel the need to feel so high in my deal for someone where you know 99% of women that you actually Troll on make way more money than you really really way more money than you are okay not fresh fresh makes it a lot more More money. That's very apparent. I see. I'm not but and then y'all can whatever  Yeah, but it's very apparent who makes more money or who has more connections or who's more whatever. So my thing, no, no, no, I finished, I'm still waiting for you to make a point here instead of making personal attacks, but continue on. I don't make it for my thing is I don't understand why you feel the need to personally attack women who utilize men to upgrade their lifestyles. I have. I think when did I attack? We don't attack you. I don't know. I don't think you are by any means. But I've felt and I've seen personal attacks on women that have been degraded for a certain perspective or lifestyle that they portray because you don't necessarily agree with it. And you've personally said to me on multiple occasions that you think women who make their own money or who have their own thing going for them are completely useless to you because you want to you want to be the dominant. You want to be the man that provides and you want to be this like.  whatever it is you call yourself. And so without providing financial assistance or anything else to women, this is like, this is what the agreement that we had with each other when I first came on, was the fact that you're on a sugar daddy website and you're trolling women that are looking for a sugar daddy. Financial assistance for that matter. Oh, financial assistance for that matter. Living in a city, in a big city, Miami, Miami is not easy. And then you bring them on here to the grade them for finding men that pay them way more than you make. I'm gonna draw that out. It's okay to say this to many of you. Stop, stop, stop the show. All right, this is fantastic. I love this. Yo, I love this. King von, what do you say? I am what I am. Yes, thank you for cementing that for me. Thank you. Here's my question though. So you made a lot of allegations there. Where do I sit?  great women are saying these these allegations that you're making right now. I think if you were to go back and look at multiple of your episodes, what is it that you do understand that you have a reputation for degrading women online? Correct. Okay. Can you tell me how so? You're you're aware. What did I say? You're aware. Reputation. I'm not quoting you because keep in mind, I don't keep in mind. I'm not a I'm not a fan online. I don't watch things. I don't. Okay. I'll do that. So but I have screenshots. Okay. And multiple subscriptions and followers from multiple people from what I was last on here. And and it's a word on street. And Miami, that's why you don't step out. Well reputation. You don't step out on the streets because people would fuck you up if you stepped out. Okay. Anyway, that's not true. What I'm saying. I like you. All right. You want to do very well. I work and I'm very focused on what I do. Is that what it is? Because first, first step sound. I don't go to the club. Well, it's because I don't go to the clubs. Doesn't necessarily mean I don't exactly. I don't go to clubs. With the last time you went. So I don't.  focus on that because I'm focused on other things. Yeah, you bottom down. That's not working on a fantastic point. But my thing is, please tell me how I degrade women and or these other allegations are made. Because reputation, people could say a bunch of things about you that aren't necessarily true. Reputation is reputation, but that doesn't mean it's the truth. So tell me how I degrade women, as you say. Would have I said that's degrading women. Baby, didn't you want to know, Jumper, and say that you guys were the known podcast into grade women, though? Oh, no, no. There is a 20 cent that's that. There's no jumper. I mean, man, I know, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no chance. New year's article. I'm going to be on no jumper tomorrow. And I'm going to be on no jumper tomorrow. And don't be on this. I'm going to be on my number one podcast in the world. And you guys did go on there. Are you flowing? Baby, you said that. That's all you guys said that you guys were the number one podcast. So, Selena, Selena, I'm sorry for her right now, because she's making a crazy allegation. So I want to hear. I'm still waiting for you to prove these allegations. What are you saying? When they're at the grade women, That's not true, that's not true.  Baby you said that. I never said that. Stop. So tell me. So one of the old days, let's go find, we'll find the clip. Because if you're going to come in tomorrow, it's fine. It'll be, it'll show fine the clip because she's not behind me personally. I've never felt intrigued enough to give you the time and energy to like go and back on my show right now. Watch your shit. Yeah, because y'all wanted me here. I would love to be here. That's great and all what are you doing? But it's Yeah, she's going to consider her thing. Christina, Christina, handle that. Alright, so go ahead. So what are you, so I'm still waiting for you to like say how I degrade women. I'm still waiting. So I'm, here's my thing. Are you looking? You're just talking in circles right now. Is that how you feel? Is that how I feel it? It's a fact that I think that that's what I engaged with you one other time. And I've had you be completely depicted by my perception of how you approach women. What I do.  You approached me on a sugar daddy website and asked me to be your sugar baby. And then could afford my allowance. We couldn't afford my $10,000 allowance a month and said, huh, that's funny. Why don't you just come on my podcast instead? So he pays $40 a month to be on a pod or to be on a fucking app. It's called speaking arrangements to troll women. Yes. And I know a bunch of girls have talked about it because that's his thing. That's how he gets women to come here. So I just want to be very clear. I'm just curious why you think that's what it is. Just fired. You asked me to be on a weird, so fucking weird. And then I'm the gold digger. I'm the gold digger because I know that I can abshot more out of you than you ever were. OK, so are you done making your point now? Because let's really talk about this then. You wanted $10,000 a month. And I said, no, because I'm not going to pay you. I don't want $10,000 a month. I make well over $10,000 a month. But I'm saying I'm not paying no girl any money. Like, I don't do that. So thank you for sending me.  I've never got pussy before. I've never got pussy before. I've never got pussy before. I've never got pussy before. Have you ever got a Uber? Stop interrupting. Sorry. So thank you for cementing the fact that I don't pay girls off sugar sites. That's why you want them. And then also why you want them? Because I use it as a dating sign. I've said it many times. We do it all the time. Day, it's like why the why the why the why the why pay to be on a sugar daddy website. It's called seeking arrangement. So you can seek an arrangement. Why not get on Twitter? I'm seeking hope. What happens to be a bottle of sex or a trowel? So you're fake. Are you admitting to your audience? You're fake. Yes. We say all the time. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. I love it. So just say it now. So just say it all now. You should realize. He couldn't even get me to go on the first day with him. He didn't get. We ain't. He got no head. He got no pussy. He got no nothing for me.  Listen, it's bad for the amount of down. Yeah, it was get pussy. No, no, no, you're going to get pussy. Listen, what I want to hear is the thing you had to understand. What's up, baby? You asked for 10 K a month. I said no. I never asked for shit. You want to take one? Why you ask me what my perspective was? No, you talk my arrangement. Okay, I'm going to talk now. You want to 10 K a month, right? And I said no. And I said, you know what? Come on my pot. I'm going to guess on at you. You should have on the pod. We got views. We made money. I made money. And then, and then you're here now back on the pod. And I'm still making money. You don't pay you no money. No, you don't pay shit. You didn't get paid in anything. Really? Okay, because you look dumb right now. You're trying to put me on blast and it's actually working in my paper. I don't pay chicks to hang out with them. Just. You just pretend to. I mean, even better. Yeah, anyway, so. So, the finish. Now that you've been disrespectful trying to put. You've been disrespectful trying to.  me on blast and you won't ask me to leave you can leave the podcast yes you can know she leaves I believe hey I actually work I love you okay I know I'm leaving I know I'm leaving I'm I'm in still I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm I'm in I'm in I'm in I'm in Sad Chad Chad I'm daliva I'm I'm daliva I'm dal�� Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad Chad So guess.  No, I can't mind. Let me talk. Let me talk. Yo, let me talk. This is respectfully. I came on for for Kay. Clean this clean that clean that. No, we will respectfully. We will respectfully. That's not fair. My wife. You get off the show. No, can't. Get out of the show. Kay. You can leave. Kay, get back on. Kay. She got it. Look at this. Kay, get back on. This is actually a concept right now. It is. Kay, get back on. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Get back on. No, she's leaving. She's out. She's out. She's out. You're all right. Cool. Okay. Yes, I do. Actually, I own a lot of properties, but okay. I don't know about this video because he's really like.  I'm not fit. He's like, actually, all right, you got to go now. Did people make fun of you on high school? No, you got to go. That's what I feel. All right, yeah. Now you got to go. This is coming right now. Yeah. Yeah, I girls made it. Yeah, hello. You got to get up the show now. Hold on. Where were you on your mother? I was so lucky. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Well, expect that. That's all you're doing. We know. Check it. Check it. And then there were no. Thanks God, they were here. And then they were nine. Stay tuned. Stay tuned. We all have day no friends. You have no friends. OK. We all have day no friends. No, no, no, no, no. We all have day no friends. Hold on. No, there's other homes there. Do you have a cell? Do you have a cell? Do you have a cell? Do you have a cell? Do you have a cell? No. Do you want to do her for a ride? Yes, yes. Do you want to do your Instagram? Yes, yes. OK. You'll know what they're home. What's going on? The world. Do you see the asteroid? There's something. I like worse. Absolutely.  She's gonna Alright chat please like the video goes right now my head is is pain in ass Chatsy guys we got a pocket likes shots of ladies It's it's right here. It's Is that true? No, yeah Go on patreon.com Sub to our channel like them video guys right now we got 12 thousand people watching Do you want anything to To the group  to the people watching us right now, the Duterte Caramone. You know, let me tell you something. I'm Tom Tall. I'm Tom Tall. Let me tell you something. My brother and I used to run a web camming studio. It's how we made our first million dollars. And I used to deal with crazy women all day every day. But let me tell you something, man. These two fresh and fit work hard. These girls are nuts. These girls are insane. So obviously I'm just enjoying the show. But yeah, these girls are absolutely crazy. No, they are not twins. We're happy. They're not that one who want to be on the podcast. I know this isn't how you want to be on the podcast. Maybe you'll see me in the weeks to come. But you know, they're dealing with these crazy ass girls right now. And I just thought I'd hold the fort in the short term. Wow. And I'm over here. And asking about the black guy. My brother gave me that black guy. He give you, he give you worse if you were brave enough to fight him. So you know, you can laugh if you want. You need it. All right. So let's face out on the beach.  Oh my god. He's got the biggest thing here. What do you say? Lovely girl. We're going to be drinks, but I said I'm very well taken care of right here. What do you guys think? The polite version of Andrew. He came to school. Yeah. Of course. He's nice in the polo. So we got our drinks. We don't like right now. All right. I'm so glad. Are we still alive? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I didn't like how this girl threw my phone. Wait. A lot. Oh. She threw out my phone. Yeah. Through our phones. Three phones. Oh my gosh. No big deal. I don't know if it's your phone, but it's my phone and you. All right. If you want to get the phone for the night. I don't know, but my phone was thrown. Wow. Not your phone. Not your phone. Oh someone's phone's been thrown. Like mine. No, they do. It's not like I pay for everything on my own. You know what's funny? No. What's funny is when they when they said to me.  Andrew, you're a special guest, decide that I was gonna say you know what deep down on a gentleman. I think she's gonna give a second chance. But she just wouldn't shut up for the three seconds I needed. I need a three seconds to save her. I'll give you three seconds and I'll fix all this. I'll do that now. I'll be like my run to work. She's a little bit drunk. I might listen baby. Providing safety. You know, I wouldn't get that shot. I wouldn't have been telling them about all. But she was just starting to run their mouth and now that's what happens. Now that girls in Miami. Now she's gonna score. So, that's the game. That's the game. That's the camera on us. It's the camera on us for this crazy. It's really on us. It's on us. So we're the stars in the show. We're the stars in the show, girls. We're the stars in the show. How it should have been from the beginning. Hey man, I agree. You know, we're the stars in the show. Yeah. Alright, so let me let me ask you all a question. Let me let me think of something to ask you. But it's kind of distracting because I'm interested in the in the thoughtary in the distance. In the thought tree. Would you would you ever act that way as a woman? No, wouldn't you just like?  If I was a chick, not even as a man, right? If my run said to me, leave. I'm not gonna get up and say, I'll fuck you up. I was like, thank you very much, my friend. Goodbye. Well, first of all, she knows what type of show this is and what he's gonna talk about. But for her to just disrespect him like that, that was just going too far. So I mean, it is what it is. I know. But I think some of these girls who get thrown off kind of want to get thrown off. Yeah, I would just not appreciate that. Kind of like a sadistic thing when they're like, you know what, a chick's in your face, like slap me, hit me, I dare you. And she's like, and you're like, I know you want it. You know, sort of them. You will never ever catch me doing something embarrassing on camera. I refuse to have something. They're out of line. Don't. No. What is that? Like, you can't just have fun. Like, girl, come on. I can have fun, but I'm not gonna embarrass myself. I can say right now, but like with their own. No, but he's been on me, guys. I'm infected. We could go home and see them. They see me on the TV for a while. They see me. You're a sign. You're a sign. You're a sign. You're a sign. What are you infected with? It's a new album.  Well, you know what actually is, it's not even about, what is about is choosing your battles, right? Life is hard and you need to analyze situations and realize when sometimes you don't stand a chance. Like, there's been times, I was, I'll give you an example, I've been arrested by police in some crazy countries, but in Ukraine, I was totally innocent. But I know that the biggest stupid thing I can do is run my mouth to the police in Ukraine, because I'll put a bullet in you that I care. So like, what's, she thinks you're gonna argue her way into my run saying, okay, I choose someone, you can stay. I just, sometimes you go on, no one will be in, right? And leave with grace and dignity. So I don't know what you ran her mouth for. That's my personal opinion. I don't understand. That is what it is. I just think they're crazy. Yeah, maybe. That's just awesome. The keyleg is to, the keyleg is to, but it is what it is. I agree with it. It's a little exhausting. And more. Which I don't understand. All right, so that was definitely turn of events. I mean, honestly speaking, I had to show begin, because that was definitely taking up a lot of time. And I showed everyone watching right now.  They're thinking Washington, Larry, no, I like this video. My god, that was crazy, bro. I mean, was that wrong? What are your thoughts? What? Everything that just happened. Oh, silly. That's just silly behavior. I mean, damn. Honestly, I think that was the plan from the beginning. Probably. Yeah. So that seems planned. That did not seem like it was spontaneous. I think it was kind of a respectful and annoying to him. If that's what you feel, what's the little idea? I mean, I don't understand. They're not bad people. But I just think how they did it wasn't the best. Because obviously, you know, home iron is like, you know, like, we're here. We had to talk between men and women about topics. But they're just like shouting and accusing. So I was living too far. But I wish it the best. I think I think you guys just get out of each other as energy. And that's how we got to be to that point. It could. It didn't have to get that one. Yeah. And I think it does very personal. I should think it's very personal. I was. Um, I remember you over that. In total. Stop.  that she'll talk here. Okay, so what can I say? I don't want to sound like the boring old man, but I am 35 today. So that does make me an old man. And you know what? You can get very far in life if you learn how to not be offended and how to not emotionally react. Then these are some very important skills for life, not just about podcasts, but it's about life. If you want to get far, you're going to deal with situations with idiot people who say idiot things. And I really truly believe there's literally nothing anybody could say to me that would make me lose my temper on this podcast. You could think of the most nasty shit you could possibly think of. And I guarantee I was this mile because I'm an adult. It's composure. Exactly. It's the game. Go ahead, the poker face. You just see that lady, Tati, Tati, there he is. That's right. Well, is that what it is? I don't know. We only eat this job. That was fucking awesome, man. No, I can't say that you smell like this dream. Oh, yeah. Oh, I can't. That's a complete...  I just like wash my arm. I could disinfect myself. You're some mouthwash. Take that energy. Guys, those girls are fucking dirty ass chicks, bro. Like I'm probably infected with the whole virus right now. Like those chicks, like, bro. Oh, man, that was fantastic though. We got a bunch of great content. Sorry, Andrew, to put you in the middle of that shit, bro. I've been to war before. I'm young. I'm used to this. So it's so bad. Oh, man. Cool. So, yo, guys, thank you guys so much for the support, by the way. Just so y'all know, you're probably wondering, what the fuck just happened? So I got y'all right now. I totally didn't want to leave. They started talking shit. What's her name? The fat one on the right, the walrus chick. She spent on me. And it's like, fuck you. Because girls can't take L's, bro. Literally, it was like, OK, well, tell me how I'm like whatever. And she couldn't prove like, oh, you're talking shit about winning blah blah. OK, prove it. Oh, I don't know. But I know there's a talk of shit, you know, at hominem attacks it as well. But yeah, I read some of these chats. What was your discussion while I was gone? Sound like good conversation. Yeah, we're talking about that. We're� ERROTION  about the importance of composure. Yeah. Yeah. Also, we're talking about how when you asked me, when you said to me, uh, what's the guess? I was like, Hey, what do you want? I was about to save them because I thought so. I'm about to say, you know what? I'm such a gentleman. We're going to give them both a chance. I was giving them one. There were like, one of them gone. I was like, damn, well, Andrew's here. Yeah. Andrew's special guest. Andrew, like once it's twice a year. I was like, All right, Andrew, try to save. What do you want to do? I'm looking for my mom. I'm looking for my mom. Well, I'm already an Andrew. Please don't, uh, Andrew. Hey, we got our boy, Tristan. Yeah. Hey, I'll do more. We'll save $1. We'll save $1. There you go. That's our boy, Tristan. Look at that chat in the bag. He goes, he thinks he's worth $10,000 a month. Is it $1.00? Is it $1.00? You know, Tristan, the people asked for you, bro. We need a one on one interview with you on the pod as well. All right. Fantastic. So, um, it's Andrew's show. But let's talk. Here for two weeks. Here for two weeks. Here's a hop in here.  We got both Tate's house. Yeah, the guy in the blacks We are the audible audible guys. We got we got Tristan Tate in the house man. We are do alive But we do live man. We do a live chat. Yeah, see this is not scripted whatsoever man. Oh, only on fresh We're fucking fit guys. You know I'm saying welcome We got a tray by the cell the the mic and all that stuff and meanwhile read these super chats real quick Shout out to the guys ladies on the panel. I hope you guys like this man. We bodyvoviral And let's make sure we take those dumb hose Instagrams off the description as well. You know I'm saying all right Travel travel drone life shout out to the influencer app for iOS ladies get yourself featured online and And okay, and then we got Alan Webb 20 bucks Holy crap. We got the same birthday vodka cheers Cooper Tate team sag remain untamed cool australia 20 bucks and then his lips will be big enough  once I can no longer see her face. Okay. Ian Simmons, when he bucks, how much was her face? I don't know. Some idiot probably paid for it. Cf Guzzi, freelance writer girl, I don't care what you bring to the table. Let me just get some milk though. Okay. 20 bucks from Oscar Rodriguez, Amal Ambler. Being a house husband will get you disrespected, emotionally abused. Happens to me almost to self deletion. Being your mask in all times, fellas stand for something or fall for anything. Facts, Mr. Williams, 20 bucks champion. Excuse me why I seem to and be petty. Bianca, lady, love how are you tonight? Anyway, we're well, the boys really have to come up in the world. We had the throat goat, but oh man, ho a hose and muppets. I never thought I'd see her again. Yo, real talk. I know pride trace songs and a couple people go, love that shit. Yo, they kicked the lead off the show. So it's going to be like, fuck. Okay. 20 bucks Oscar, tray, not brought. Y'all let Chiseled Squidward Selena on the show. What the fuck? JK Bianca TT. Here's the thing, man, to he. I didn't know Selena and that girl were going to show up guys. And you guys are probably wondering like, yo, why?  She go off on me like that little personal thing. I'll take you guys on my new label. Yeah. Like a street time. No. Here's the factual factual. All right. As you guys know, I talk about this openly all the time. I use essay as a dating site, right? I use it like a tender or a bumble. And she goes, oh, I want 10K a month. And I laughed and I said, no, I ain't paying no girl no money to hang out. And I don't do arrangements. Like, that's not my thing. And I was like, we know how about this? Because she had just moved to Miami. I was like, come on the pod. You know what I'm saying? We're going to have a digesting. Come on. Whatever it is. Because I look at it like, all right, if I'm not going to fuck, now I'm going to make some money off this check, right? It is what it is. I'm always either sex or money. If it's not, then I'm not going to fuck with you. That's how we move. That's how we move. That's it, baby. You know what I'm saying? City boys, we up. So anyway, so she comes on the pod. Drunk is fuck, by the way. And you all saw it. You guys could go back and watch that episode. It was the one where we're supposed to have money man on. But and money man ended up making it because he had to do a show with future. So so she's like drunk in embarrasses herself. We have 15 girls in the studio. She wasn't getting a lot of it.  and she gets mad and walks out. Cool, whatever it is, what is? She runs into me in the elevator one time and she's like drunk off her mind, coming from the pool. You're a fucking vassal dick. And I'm like looking at her and then I'm coming from the gym by the way. And everyone's an elevator like looking at her like, oh, fuck's wrong with this bitch, right? And then she just like gets off and walks off and I'm like, whatever. And then like when I see her around the building, whatever, she like avoids eye contact and I ignore her too. But yeah, that's so fresh. I didn't know you were bringing her. You said, oh, I'm bringing Selena, but you didn't tell me you were bringing that chick too. Yeah. And so the last minute, so basically, this guy had to network, right? So you set him up. No, no, no, no, I have to get her to bring Selena. So that's my only, it was Selena because obviously, oh, I bring Selena though. The thing is like, one, I wanted to be viral. I know Andrew is here and that will, anyway, viral because what just happened? Yeah, I guess, but goddamn. God damn it. Got what cost man? Man, I'm gonna let more hair. I'll say this, right? They're not.  bad people just how they brought up the conversation was kind of weird and not cool at all. And then to talk to the host like that, he's a host. You can't do that. You're on his show. So I mean, come on, be respect. That's why I let her talk. She couldn't bring up any good points. But anyway, so that's the story. That's why she's that's where the anger comes from. Why she like went right away. She tried to go for the jugular book. She just made me look better. Because like, for all the people out there that say, my aunt is sugar daddy, whatever. There's your proof, niggas. I don't pay bitches. Nothing on those sites, man. Man, we'll be finessein and juggling and trolling. Yeah, I'm like smiling in my head because he's like, you're broke. But I know, you don't want to pay me 10k a month in my head. I'm like, oh, shit. Nobody paying that. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. But anyway, Tristan, what was your take? Tristan, can you introduce yourself to the people real quick? Because people, they might not know who you are. You know, I was going to wait for my black guy to fade away. No, if anyone doesn't know, it's kind of hard. Yeah, I'm the, I'm the European keep boxing champion. So the company is fighting myself, but I still like to stay in  So I fight this guy all the time and yeah, he's good. He's good. Who's older? Why why is your brother? We yeah, absolutely. He's my brother. Who's older? Yeah, don't be playing on it. We're brothers. We don't look like brothers. Yeah, I'm like brothers. Oh Yeah, oh my god No I don't believe it brothers. Who's the big brother? We see the idea guess him. He is why looks cute and soft Am I the older one? Merch I don't know I don't think your brother's in place Let me play We lied The whole take brothers our whole brand has been a scam from day one You don't even know this guy  I found it in Taco Bell. Yeah. Let's pretend we're brothers. It's super exciting. It taught me how to mimic his accent a little bit. I don't quite have it. But it's full of one up until now. So congratulations. What is your name again? We're bad, yeah. You're a very smart girl in Italian. You're a good girl. You've exposed yourself. Name them, man. Tristan, you're seeing that craziness unfold in the back. What was your thoughts on that? Well, my first thought, and I was the Tristan into super chats. I'm like $10,000. She told me to be able to zip bars. I was like, no, no. And man's. No. Monani. And I know what that was. She had a feeling her mouth and shitting, you know. She's trying to go. Yeah, man. It's whatever fake body. It's it's everything. Sometimes people just have too much to drink. And maybe that's what it is. Maybe she came here to intentionally try to set you up by talking about nonsense that you've addressed publicly, as you said. So the way she kept trying to press you, yeah, trying to press you on that issue, I think it was maybe some kind of orchestration.  It's set up because you said you didn't like you from the from day one as it is So I think she was here to try and you know bring that out in public But you you're spoken about a hundred times. Yeah, but she made it look better. Yeah, yeah Exactly she proves what you said so There is a real game behind you's and sugar sites we talk about all the time I went to break it down for you. Yeah, how to probably use sugar sites to finesse and give what you want Yeah, so you can see you can get a girl so mad for the point where they show up What you know what a pay me 10k let me do Okay, all right, so We have to quit and then yeah, Andrew you got to leave the question you get to the truth if you want to ask What the ladies the question and then we'll go from there. Yeah, is this the first time you all have been on a podcast with some ladies together I think it might be yeah This lady just say these girls give her up give her pick me vibes girl most quality women would rather be pick me that I've passed me around Facts. Oh Selena is in her 20s, but her voice sounds like she's been smoking for  40 plus years. Yeah, man. Bill Cosby, 50 bucks. Oh, yeah, I said that she's a crack head bitch when she left. By the way, guys, I got you on the good. So, patron, get on patreon patreon.com slash, slash, 50 bucks. Guys want sounds intimacy and sandwiches, two of which can be solved with night. Cool. All right, guys, we're going to have to go 50 and up, man, just because there's a lot here. And I definitely want to get to the chat. Sorry, get back to the show. So I'll read some of these 20s. And then we're going to go up to 50 and thank you guys so much for the donations. I appreciate it. This will all go into the hair follicle fund for me to get my hair back because dealing with these girls is fucking top row. I guess spit on it. I sold it and shit. You know what I'm saying? We got all our camera, but got a bait in this dream. Yeah, dude, like I literally was like literally scared from my little shit. I was like, bro, she's spent on me. This bitch is 30 for real. That one else in there. I thought it was like a half an hour. Huh? Huh? What? Hansen sizing. No, it looked like for me. That's what I was like.  Might have been semen from a duchy just suck before to show who knows man. I'm infected all right So but don't worry. I just clean myself just now But we got a girl to left the vandrew as team is team cap caption. Okay. I don't know if they meant that for the other girl Do you all say yo real talk they need to go fam. We got you bro. They gone 50 bucks. I think slated doing something that is not Pepsi. Okay. Yeah Yeah, she was covering the storm bro. I know spray got the beer bug who knows is even worth bringing up average guys You all got a laundry list of things and don't want someone someone making 40k. That's the average income What are you doing that's above average what males you worth high value man also shout to take in Bianca Yeah, bro, you got on and that's from fans of zero bro average women don't want average men bro You that's what it is life life is an average man is probably one of the worst existence is on the planet In fact, it must be it must be terrible. I have no idea But he was 500 bucks all the way from Australia. Thank you so much Yeah Bloody hell the two next to Andrew are so there's just  and killing the show quality. See that Tristan? Agui. Yeah, already. You bring me on the show, man. What are you doing? Tristan. Hey, baby. Roberto Marino, 50 bucks. F&F loves women. That's why us guys are here to try and get women done. Yeah, we hate it, girls. We want to bring them on every night. 50 bucks. Jet setting, Kells, Shout To All The Bros, The Tates, F&F, Cooper, J. Waller, Rollo, Everybody in the House, H-U-2.0. Oh, War Room is up next. The Hustlers University is what he means. Okay, keep checking these hoes. Okay. And then, all right. So Andrew, Tristan, you guys are a special guest. Yeah, I want to discuss. Sorry, I'm Marin. All right. Okay, let me, let me, let me, I have a question. That's one real quick. Oh, this is your from your boy, actually. Shin Yen. Yeah, Shin Yen. Who? I think he's a member of the War Room, right? Yeah. Shout out to him. The War Room represents a welcome's the master of Wudon and his brother, the Towsman, to the land of their birth. See you both tomorrow evening. Hey, shout out to you, my friend, man.  All right, so I get to ask questions now. Yes. I'm still like I'm just literally ladies on the panel that are not not finally that are not low IQ. Usually I'm answering the questions. Usually it's all Mr. Tate. You must tell us this because we're the police blah blah blah. So this is going to be interesting. I'm going to get a chance to ask your question to the more people turn it to you guys as well. All right, let me think of something that's going to dig a little bit. Let me think of something that's going to make it interesting. When's the last time a man made you cry and why? Oh deep. Okay. What did he do and why did you cry and how did it all work? I was going to put us on blind. Yeah, let's make it interesting. Let's go. Hey, so he was like in various stress about his job wherever we are. The gym and he just sent me a text. He said, like, I want to work all by myself when I was okay. He gave you a own time. That's fine. I have my car and he's valid and then I say, please give me a car because you have the ticket. He said, no, you can't solution by yourself. So that he bl-  me for WhatsApp and then I have to go and get my car and then bring a hundred and fifty dollars to get my car back. So of course I cry and I'm very upset about it. Obviously. How did it how did it all work out? Did you have makeup sex? Then he gave me a money and then he said I'm sorry but I wouldn't have said sorry. Yeah he apologized. He said I'm so sorry. I overreact. The cry of happiness or something? No no, sadness. Look at that happiness. Sadness. One of the last time he made you cry. I'm sorry. The last time he made you like oh my life ain't worth living. It actually hurts you. It has to be someone that I like. Like it's like it's like it's gonna be some videos. Well I don't know. Maybe you cry over guys. You don't like I don't know. I'm just asking the last time a man made you cry and what he did and how it all worked on the end of it. The last time that I cried over a man was over my father because you got arrested and you know. I understand but that's the that's the call out but you know I had. I like I like I like. You know what you should always respect your father. So I'm not gonna see.  my father and the end of man. I respect. I respect that. You should always have my tier. He's my first love and my first breakup. I respect that. I respect that. I love my dad. Yeah, you should always love your father. A.K. Happy birthday to him. This is why I see it's good that we've now sectioned into this because this is now like get my chance to just explain why arranged marriage is such a good idea. Right. So you love your father. Why can't he choose the man you're with? I don't believe in all of the now. You know, you're no. He's a man. Mm. A range marriage all works out perfectly. Like so, let's go to Saudi. We need to bring it back. It's because you haven't found the right man. That's why you feel that way. When you find the right man, you'll marry him. You will. Yeah. You're never. Sorry. I've been working since for 10 years. That's 10 years. You're going to say you're going to say you're going to die not being married. Let's be realistic here. It's because you haven't found the right man. When you find the right man,  What's the last time a guy made you cry? Why are you left Orlando? Oh, we live in Orlando. Orlando and our different. That in school is really big fights. And this is when we broke up over. A fist fight or like screaming match? Wait, was it new year? No. Okay, sorry. After that. So yeah, we get into a really big fight. And I ended up just crying and walking away. I ended up ending it. She won't tell us the details because she's still she's still with the guy. Yeah, I know. She's still with the man. He's watching it now. Don't worry, my g. Look, I can tell she loves you a lot. So I understand because if I was him, I'd be like, oh, what, my, my chicks now and his dudes around that are don't worry. She's been very respectful about you before the show. She was saying she had a man, she was very, very clear. She's very respectful young ladies. Don't worry about nothing. Yeah. She ain't put your dirty laundry out on the internet. Nothing. She's a good one keeper. Damn. Okay. I'm ready. Okay, I see what he brings to the table.  I don't want to get my out, I don't want to get pucks in the head. Apparently big girls, apparently big girls. But in terms of whatever, I cry all the time. I'm a big baby. What's your zodiac sign? I'm a Gemini. But I don't let people see me cry. So I'll pretend it doesn't matter. And then I'll just cry later. Yeah. You know, so my whole thing, the last time I cried, maybe like a week ago, I was in a situation with this guy and I stuck around for longer than I should have. For sure, three years to be precise. I stuck around for three years because you know, this is someone who I said, OK, I'm willing to, I'm willing to wait for you to get your shit together all men cheat type type deal never did. We reconnected after having like a period where we were just no contact whatsoever. I found out that he and he might be watching.  So, but whatever, who cares? Oh, shit. He actually still has a girlfriend. He told me that he mentioned it prior, but I'm not crazy and I have an iron cloud memory and he never mentioned having a girlfriend. So he told me it was okay and I found out later that it was very much not over. So to me, I thought we were getting back together and we were reconnecting and then I found out later that I was played, that I was hoed. So, luckily for you, you're on one of the best platforms in the whole United States. And you can tell his girlfriend who he is. Hi! Hi! Right now! No! No! Hi! Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. Hi, Mr. Graham. This, so... I'm Stan. No.  She knows she knows no names. They know she's not leaving though because you know good woman. Yeah, I'll get woman Wait, Drew I don't know I only cry when I'm angry so I guess I would say when I found out that my ex was sleeping with the 18 year old And he was 42 Oh What the high like them rockers That guys go seeking arrangements game Can we get them on the show on Wednesday How do you meet her? Yeah, I don't know. Oh, some little game that people play on the phone. I don't know They're when I walk into the restaurant Watch or something Oh, wait, what did he admit to my man's he's in the games to the phone get this when I came in the restaurant He acted like he didn't know who I was  This is my ex that I was engaged to by the way too. What? Yeah. He up and his kids with us. That's what you want to be independent. That's why. Yeah, of course. Because it all my sense cases of trauma. Trauma. I'm going to be up in that. Is that every man though? Is that every man going to do it to you? No, not every man. But so. It was just him. Maybe. Maybe. But a man. He had a kid so. That I was taking care of. Let's let that anyways. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Don't cry again. Don't cry again. I definitely won't. Um, Oh, last time I cried. Uh, because of a guy. Yeah, obviously. Um, we just ended things. You broke up with me. Um, it was more of like, I think we should do this. And I kind of agreed. Like, it was very much. We broke up in y'all. Yeah.  Yeah, yeah, you're here. Yeah, back up done with you. Uh, no, it was, it was for like another, another girl so. Oh, out. You're lying. How long did you make it together? He gave you that. We were together for a year. Oh, wasn't that much.ried. Why did, why do you know why he loved you for the other girl? Um, I. He was like one of those influencers. But I'm not even, I'm not mad about it because it was more of like, they're, now they're in the same, they're at the same level, you know, like I was not an So you did all that wifey stuff for him. Yeah, and you got fucked over. Yeah, but I'm, I'm again, like I'm not mad about that's, that's me, that's in my nature, that's who I'm always going to be, whether you fucking me over, you don't fuck me over. But he's, he's where he needs to be right now.  know, like if anything I learned from him, but now he could learn from her. Like, because she, I don't think, am I? Stupid. She was stupid. No, she is she a street walker. Does she know? She was a little scepter. Check. No, no, no, not at all. I'm not even going to downplay her. Okay. She's successful. Uh, she has her shit together and they're in the same ends of she. They're both fitness influence. Yeah. Okay. And I'll say this because you mentioned like, Hey, but you still got fucked over. That's the risk that comes with it. You know what I'm saying? And a guy that there's always that potential for a guy to break up with you and or leave you or cheat on you. But just like Andrew was saying earlier, if a guy cheats on you, but he's the man of your dreams, it's not that big a deal. Man, it really isn't like cheating women. Yeah. You always have the choice to walk away. You can walk away if you want to invest. That's something that you want to deal with and you just walk away. That's not what you deal with. That's not the lifestyle for you. That's the risk that comes with investment, right? It's not just about relationships and investment. If you want to invest money in a company, you risk losing it.  So it wouldn't make sense to just go through life saying, I'm never going to invest in anything, because I might lose. That's not how you win. You have to take chances to win, and sometimes you get burnt. Sometimes you get burnt, right? But one of these days you're going to meet a man, you can do the same thing, and it's going to work out perfectly. So you, there's no point in meeting the right man now, and then refuses to do it, and don't invest, then it all goes wrong. That's investment, that's the way it goes. I don't know who this dude is, obviously, but I don't know, I would've kept both of you personally. I would've been like, listen, new chick, I got a new job, baby, I'm out sometimes, I go see this influencer chick, it's good as for work, you know, I'm my fucker, a little better. Gotta collaborate. We don't collaborate, boom, boom, and then. That's an embarrassing. That's me, that's what I would've done. This is a right one. Andrew, you know you should tell me? Oh, go ahead, Bianca, finish with it. You know, you don't got anything to say? You're gonna say it, say it, come on, say it, let's go. Say it, say it. No, I'm not going to say that at all. I got what I needed out of him. I learned from him. I know how to run a business fitness industry, but now like that.  I'm making money now thanks to the knowledge he gave me. Absolutely. And I'm a good girl. So he served his purpose and now we move on. And that's how life works. And that's not just relationships. That works the way in business. It works out with everybody. You meet with someone for a few years. You work together, you learn something, and then it breaks up whether it's business, relationships, anything else. And that's a very intelligent way to approach it. Absolutely, very entitled. Andrew, you should tell him the story about, because we're talking about I would have kept you both. You should tell him the story about how you started your webcam business. And you flew the girls in. OK, now you're dumping me in a long story. Good story. No. That's a good one. I would be intrigued to see what the guys would look like. Unless you want the ladies to ask a question of the guys on the panel. No, I'm not a special guest. I'm not here to start. I'm not here to start. Yeah, I'm here to start. Oh, ladies, what's your guys to imagine yourself in a position of girls? What would you do in this situation? I went into it. Just kidding. No. All right, so let me get some context. I'm going to tell the story and do a problem. Yeah, there's 11,000 you guys in here right now. Almost 12,000. Please.  like the video guys, I don't want to stop the show. I lost so much hair follicles, the only with these girls. And I got spent on by a big hoe. So guys, I'm probably infected with the whole virus. So the H virus. So please like the video for us. All right. So come to some context, right? So I don't I'm all in the industry anymore, but I used to run a webcam studio like five or six years ago. So you know, like before only. I knew it. Listen, yeah, it's it's an interesting story. I'll explain how I got there. So now it's a lot more common. The idea of only fans, webcam, that kind of thing. But when I was doing it five, six, seven years ago, it was a lot less common, right? So I was a kickboxer. I was four time world champion, but kickboxing is not boxing, right? We make money, but we don't make boxing money. So I made maybe a hundred, hundred, fifty thousand of fight, which is okay, but you fight two or three times a year. You're not, you haven't got money. You're not. Bonser ships. Yeah. You make a bit of money. I mean, I'm living in London. My rent's 25 a month and I'm pushing all these nice cars and so I'm making money. But I'm making that much money. Long story short, I invested in this place in Thailand, this property, which I still have now, which is not worth anything because of this virus and they closed the country blah, blah, blah. And I need.  needed to pay, I think it was like 400 grand and I had a payment date and I paid 300 grand and I was, I had to pay the last 100 grand, I only had 70 grand. Now I, I, I was 30 grand short, right? And I thought, I said to Tristan, I said, you know what? Once the last time I got lucky, lucky. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, bro, don't trust the big G. I'm going to go to the casino with this 70. I'm going to turn it into 100 because we have like a few days about pay this bill. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, it's a big brother relax. So I want the casino lost all the money. And you know what? I was, I was, I was, I was driving there, right? I'm driving to the casino in the BMW and I'm like, Google in, doing the math. Like, okay, Blackjack has the best statistical odds. Roulette has a 2.7% advantage. Blackjack has the best advantage. I memorized the best Blackjack theory based on the other card they have showing in my card. Whether you hit stick, I memorized the best theory to the best possible statistical odds. I wasn't even playing emotionally. I was playing.  by statistics and got wrecked. So it lost all the money. It came up to T. Lost all the money that we don't argue because we're broke. We don't re-refuse to argue. So it's like, I told you. It's like, yeah. Now we're really in trouble. I didn't tell you. Yeah. So this is in London. This is in London, right? So I, through, I don't know how much I can say on YouTube, but through kickboxing and through fighting, you know, you know, a lot of dodgy people, a lot of bad guys. It's kind of one of them industries, right? So I had some friends so I could head up for a hundred grand. So I hit them up, but these are guys you have to pay back, right? So I pay the, I make the payment bubble, blah, blah. And then I needed money fast and to make, I'm trying to shorten the story because I don't want to go on too long, but I try to money fast. And I said to Tristan, look, I owe us 70 grand. So I'm going to lock myself in my room and I'm not going to leave till I've made it. And this is, this is a long time ago now. So this is maybe 10 years ago. Think about 10 years ago, there was no Twitter, no Instagram, Facebook, a bit, my space. This is the beginning of the internet. Like the idea of making money online now is so common, but back then you didn't.  know all these entrepreneurs selling stuff and Instagram. None of that. I didn't know anybody who made money on the internet, but I was determined to find a way to make money on the internet, right? Second thing you needed 100 grand. Yeah, well, exactly. I need 100, 50. So I said to Tristan, look, I'm going to make some money. I'm going to work out how. So Tristan's like, yeah, whatever. So I'm sitting in my room all day, you know, fasting, meditation, all this yoga, fire crap, sitting there thinking, I need to find a way to make money and I start googling up what money is. And it's actually interesting how the world works because now I've made a whole bunch of money outside of kickboxing and all the lessons I learned back then now apply because I understood the banking system. I understood how money works. I understand fractional reserve banking. I understand all these things quantitative easing. I understand how it's all a lie. Money's fake. It isn't even tied to anything. The gold standard's gone. Inflations here and the common man's getting wrecked in real time. So I actually learn a lot about how money works. And then I got really angry because I learned how money works and I still didn't have any. So now I'm really pissed, right? I'm like, oh, so money's a scam and I got them. Right, so I was really angry anyway. So I was watching.  YouTube video and I had to write and they were talking about liabilities assets difference between having asset liability blah blah and I started writing down my assets as I okay I got a couple cars got a house I'm big and strong but I'm already fighting I don't know how to use it and what I had was and please ladies don't attack me but through my kickboxing career because I traveled the world what I would do is I'd fly around the world and I'd win a world title or I win a kickbox and fight and then I'd be with one of the ring girls for a week or whatever so I had all these girlfriends all around the world and you're gonna ring girl yeah you can see it on my YouTube channel if you win nice to meet you if you win you get a ring girl if you lose you get nothing but um but so they all fall I was the big G right I'm in London I'm the world champ that a little do they know I have a mafia debt now so uh so I had all these girlfriends all around the world whatever whatever and by coincidence I was talk I wrote them not didn't write them down but I thought of them well that's something I kind of have and I was talking to Tristan  and then we were talking about how we literally were talking about how we'd never open a strip club. So we're never gonna open a strip club because it costs too much to set up, it's too much to invest, we need to make money, we don't have any money, so that's stupid. Anyway, and by coincidence, and I was never one of those guys, and I will say this now on webcam, I was on the live to think, I was never, and I never happened one of them porn guys, I don't go on porn sites, I don't do none of them shit. I never have, because I've never needed to, right? Never been interested. By coincidence, I was on some website, I think it was a gaming website, some not-dopper, some crap. And the corner said, talk to live girls now. And it's something, I think it's because I just thought about the fact that I had all these girls, I was like, so I clicked on it, and I saw some Russian chicks sitting there on some crappy webcam, and like these little tokens coming in. I was like, okay, so maybe I could get... I can't just stand. I can't just stand. I can't stand. I can't stand. I can't stand. I'm sitting there going. I love the house. I can't stand for a necklace. I love that. That was my system. I can't go on. I can't stand for a necklace. Hahaha. Sorry.  So I was like, this bitch is making money. She even hot. And she's just sitting there. And this is, remember, just the early days of the internet, like dial up. Like she was sitting there, like, whether it's close on, like, moving like this. I was like, that makes money. That makes money. So I messaged all my girlfriends. I had five of them. I was like, look, you're moving to London up the side of me to be together, come in London, love, love. She's like, what a lot of you? If nothing's doing London, so don't worry about job for you, baby. It's gonna be fine. You're gonna come work for me. And I was sitting there for a while thinking, how do I organize the fact that these five girls are coming in thinking they're my girlfriend? And I want them all to do this job. And I decided that honesty is always the best policy. And I also decided that I'm not a coward. And I also decided that if all five of these chicks attacked me at once, I've got the IKIDO I can do with it. I'm gonna stay. I've been around the block. At least two of them are gonna be around. I've been around the block, right? God, like, I don't want to take them out, but I could. So they ain't got hands. So they got much to worry about. So I flew all five of them in on separate flights and sat them all down at the same table and said, listen, ladies, this is what we're gonna do. And I talked about the webcast.  business, talked about how I'd been with them all, asked them to all to come to London, et cetera. Three of them told me to get fucked, go back on a plane, two of them stayed, and the two who stayed worked for me for a very long time and from there, for the, about the next four years, it built into an empire, right? And I'd have him 75 girls, five locations, it was turning over $4 million a month, and it all kind of, it went crazy from there. And yeah, that's the story of the webcam business. It's kind of what it is. And that's one of the reasons why I retired. I'm back now because I'm a violent individual by nature. But I retired from fighting because I started to make a whole bunch of money. And then it got more mainstream and I bowed out of it about four or five years ago, we sold all our interests and we're not in that business anymore, but that's how it all worked. That's all it went. So that's how it had to tow. But I was just honest about it and thing, but I actually had a lot of respect for those two girls who stayed. I had a lot of respect for them. It was me and these two chicks. We were living in an apartment. We were a happy thruple for a while. And when they, my girls will make us money too. Don't forget that. I was just saying, wait, I was just raw. I'm sitting with my feet up being like, well, you lost all the money and then you see that. No, no, no, no.  That's the exact same thing. It's just for the record. So the webcam, how do you and the other girls? No, it's done. It was just a girl's. Oh, it was just a girl. I was just a manager and you know what's actually really, you were the pin. I was the pin. Yeah. And we can talk about, and we can talk about pimping as a whole, because we can talk about pimping, because pimping has a very bad, has a very bad name. Yeah. And I really, I genuinely believe that pimping if it's done correctly is not a negative thing. And I think that overall if you're a pimple, you're a positively inspirational and motivating person. And that is your job, right? And I want to say this because everyone always does. I'll bring it down. I'll bring it down. I'll bring it down. I'll bring it down. Because people are sitting there saying, why does the girl work for you? Why wouldn't she work for herself? And I'll tell you why. Because the girl works for herself doesn't make any fucking money. You have the opportunities. It's not even just a girl. A girl can make a girl can make 3,000 a month for herself or 50,000 a month, 50, 50 with you. And the difference between men and women are a few things. But women are...  I'm not trying to insult anybody, but women, if they find a way to make money, they make enough to make money to pay the bills and then they go party. Whereas a man goes, oh, we find a way to make money. Let's never sleep again and make money forever. So we have a different mentality towards money. That's the first thing. Second thing is we can provide emotional support. It's not easy to be a webcam chicken, get no tips, right? So if a girl would log in and no one would send her any money, she'd be upset. But she could come to me, the pimp, and I'd be like, baby, oh, that's because there's a big football game. There's some football game on. It's not your fault. Everyone did shit today. I'm lying through my teeth. I'm not the girl's children. But she feels better. Now she's happy again. Now she'll try again. She'll go back with a renewed courage and she'll make it, right? If she's by herself, she's like, oh, no, no, it likes me. Fuck this. And she'll quit. You'll see even now with only fans, the best biggest only fans girls that exist in the world today are working for agencies run by men. Any girl who's independent makes a couple thousand here and there, blah, blah, blah. They ain't making big money. The girls who are making big, big, big money. A man comes along and says, here's your photo sets. Here's what you're doing today. Here's your schedule. Boom, boom, boom. Get people in your account, pretend to be you. Go for your sugar daddy's or online. Bang, bang.  bang, bang, bang, money. It's a business. I was straight business about it. I was not involved in this business trying to be damn bulls-area. It was all money. Of the 75 girls who worked for me, it was money, money, money. I had zero interest in trying to fucking fuck them all or run around, have three, some none of that shit was pure business. That's why I made so much money. But Bimps have a very, very important role in the whole industry. I'm telling you, and overall, all we do is provide motivational support. The idea that you can convince the girl to do something she doesn't wanna do and make her do it on mass every day, four years by force is bullshit. I can't come along to you and make you do something you don't wanna do. No, all I can do is make it comfortable and make you realize this worthwhile. And financially reward you. I had a business that offered girls a job. The same as McDonald's does, the same as the office does. Sit on the computer, make some money. That's all it was. So I'm here to defend the pimps. All right, but we're not bad. I'm a feminist. I made a bunch of chicks rich. We're a man out there who made a girl who paid a girl more money than me. Now between me and you, we've made four girls million.  before only fans existed. Damn. So when only fans, when only fans was first ones, I don't know who this crazy drunk bitch who's sitting at Andrews seat now is. But let me tell you, only fans follow 430 people on Instagram. I'm one of them. Because I started when I was still in the industry, I was running a huge only fans, the management company. So they know who I am. They probably don't know who this girl is. You know, only fans isn't a British company. Oh, indeed. And they know who I am. That's why they follow me. You can check this out right now. Call me a liar. That's the story. And this is another thing. I'll make one more point. We a lot of men talk about how bad is a girl has only fans, et cetera, et cetera. I know some bad bitches, right? Some beautiful women who have an only fans account and her man is running it. And they're making money. And they're like, they're in the, they're in the moldy. They're, they're pushing lambo's. Like I, I, when I see a girl with an only fans account and I know she has a lot of money, I don't think, oh, I think, ah, she's married. Happy. Man is actually taking their pictures. Yeah, for sure. And taking their views. 100%. I don't have to get it together for years.  And as you know, I mean, yeah, I'm going to be behind the scenes. I won't say what it is yet. Uh-oh. But I'm currently doing it right now. I'll bring it to late soon. I was going to do it for a while. Thank you, Chris. I'm doing for it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm on the monster. Are you going to start fighting? Are you going to start fighting? No, I mean with girls like, man, right. I'm going to start doing for it. No, no, no, no, no. And I'm going to go to you, man. Any questions you got? Just message me anytime. Thank you, sir. I know this. I know this. Very well. Ladies, what's your take on that number one in that position? What if you stayed if you flew you in and you saw the other girls there? And then number two, what are your thoughts on Pimpen? We'll start. Now the girls are like, whoa, that story was long. What? No. Would you have stayed or would you have left me in my hour of need? Or would you have stayed by your man and realized if you work together, you can be a team. Which one is it? Say it into the microphone. But don't think about him right now. No, I didn't like him. The man you've loved most in your life. That's what I think about that. That's what happened.  to me right now everything that you're talking is happening in my level now. I'll make you more money than he will. So let's just exchange details after this. You know, I'm like you and only fans superstars. He probably doesn't know what he's doing. No, everything that you say like going into me because I haven't managed during his talking all start doing all the stuff. And I'm considering my mind if I should, if I shouldn't do it because how I feel, you know, so I just listen what you're saying. That is true. There we go. They're only fans 522 followers and they're over there. I'm following. They don't follow your manager. So, you know, let's talk. Okay. Cool. What are your thoughts? Miss Ring girl. She's looking at me with a little bit, a little bit of anger. Don't get angry. Yeah, you know what it is? Some big strong fire one day romance to her after a show broke her heart. She's now seeing his face. Attached to your body.  Fuck this guy. That's what's happening. White true or false, at least give me a true or false. I mean, I like his energy. Yeah, okay. I mean, you know, I mean, nice about him. He's showing the truth and like, I like that. Yeah, I do respect that. But um, about the whole pimping thing. I don't see. I was a, I am a bottle girl. But one time this guy had the audacity to tell me, Hey, um, let me get your body done for you. But I'm just like, no, I don't need all my body, like, sorry, like, I just know. I'm sorry. I can buy it myself. I'm just a natural role for me. But audacity? I mean, yes. That's it. That was Chris. Yeah, that was Chris back there. Okay. Um, all right. So what about you? What are your thoughts? Honestly, I don't even know because I get it. Like I get it. He needs help. But I don't know if I want to compromise myself and how I'm feeling to help the guy.  You know what he was as well. I understand that but let me let me give you a little bit more content. I rather finesse on my own. You got to help the guys to help you. Sorry, but that's on your own. Didn't exist back then. I'm not from the scene. No exists. Finesse in your own doesn't exist now. It's because it's small, small money. I'm talking about big money. It's the products only fans. And back then and back then it wasn't really compromising yourself. Like I said, it's like rubbish cameras. It wasn't really a thing. That's the first thing. People wouldn't find you on these. You didn't have Instagram. Like it was all that. And secondly, I didn't really approach it from a position of I need help. I don't there's nothing in my life that I approach from a position of weakness. I don't approach things from weakness. Right. You can put a gun to my head. I'm not going to approach it from weakness. I approach it from strength. So I wasn't sitting there going, baby, please help money money. No, no. I was like, listen, I'm your man. So you're going to do as I say. And we're going to run an empire. We're going to get rich rich. Which is an edge you take from them. All of it. Oh my. Why would they need? Why would they need money? Any money? When you talk about them, they might.  They lived, they lived with me. They get to live in a nice big house. They lived to give a nice big house. I took care of them in every way. And once they worked for me for a few years, I looked after them. And when they retired, I gave, I'll tell you the truth. When they retired, I gave one of them across her career. She worked for seven years and she made five and a half million dollars. And when she retired, I gave her a million dollars. So I'm an asshole guy. But at the beginning of all, it was like, look, you live here. You do as I say, I'll take care of you. This is what we're going to do. It wasn't about money for them. I wasn't sitting there trying to pitch them some business proposal. I wasn't approaching it from weakness. I was like, look, you're my girl. I want you here. You're going to do this. What you doing over there going to school. You're not going to reach me. You're my girl to five girls at the same time. Yeah. Yes. I'm just terrified. I don't want to lie. But I didn't see the point in lying to them all. Put them in different houses, running around like a creature. Like I just thought, let me approach it with honesty. And I knew that I knew the nature of the reason I did that is because I knew the nature of earth is that if all five left, one  would come back. Because that's how things work, right? So I knew it on level one at least. So I thought, well, let me let's see. And I got to so it all worked out. I was thinking to at least. Yeah, well, I did okay. I did okay. I got to three and the three who left, I think they were great because they're so broke. So and far less attractive. The decade is a long time. A decade is a long time. This is a long time ago. Remember 10 years, the world was a different place. The internet, everything was a different place. These girls had no chance of getting caught, found nothing. There was no, so none of the things you have to completely imagine. I know I'm an old man. I don't know how old you girls are. But 10 years ago, you had my space. It wasn't like, it wasn't like to them. My face at top five. Now there, she put it like that. I don't think I would do it. I guess it's just not what I want. And that's what I respect that. I respect that. All right. What about you? No, what was the question? Would you stay? Would you stay when you brought you in and flew you in and he tells you there's five of the girls there. You thought they're only girl. Hey, we're going to build an empire. You're going to help me with this way. Of course, you would have stayed. What's the worst thing that could happen back in the day? Like you was saying, you were basically anonymous on the internet.  I could say that I was freaking Jeff Bezos and you know, you would believe it because there was no way to verify Those kinds of things. So yes, I would take a chance on making a meal high five boom see they go writer died And he it's not like he was gonna stop talking to them if I said no True, I said like he was gonna stop talking to the four other girls if I said no Yeah, it's true the three girls. You know, it's funny about human nature the three girls who left were so angry at the two who stayed They messaged the two who stayed for years leave him leave him leave him They couldn't stand that these girls are now in the mall devs these girls are with me in Santa Pay they couldn't stand it They were furious. Why don't you leave him? Blocked them long ago, right, but they couldn't sleep at night. No, and that these girls were enjoying their life They couldn't stand it. It was a general. No jealous. Yeah, there were jealous. That's what it was What about you? I have no problem with webcam people and what they do But I've never been a fan. Thank you. Just showing my body or having any  proof for my future children to just pull up or be at school and something like look to mama or the legs wide open. I'm good on that but I'll support anyone else wanting to do it. I will probably fuck him and then just go back home. Fair enough. Yeah. One last spin. One last roll of the dice. Uh, okay. Well, it's a complicated question. It is, it is kind of a complicated question. I would say that, um, as somebody that was seeing you, I wouldn't like for you to look at me as a business rather than as the girl that you're seeing. Yeah. Um, so that would be kind of hard for me. But I will say that as a ring girl, if I, if you thought, and I am sleeping with you, I'm probably not the type to like want something more with you. So if you would have.  Let me see if I'm explaining it right. Like a female logic at work here. Yeah. She's insulting all of your girlfriends. No, I'm trying to process all my thoughts. If I'm the type of girl to sleep with a fighter after they've fought, then I'm probably the type of girl to be on webcam. Okay. Let's pair. So I would probably say yes. If I saw you in a different way, I would. Remember this is a man that you like. Any girl can be a webcam girl, honestly. Exactly. But if I saw any wind girls like that. True. No, no, but he's talking about those ring girls. I'm saying from them out of five girls, if he fought and then he hooked up with one of the girls right away, that's you're probably looking for something quick, fun, all these things. So yeah, I would probably be a webcam girl as well. So now, if I'm looking for, like how you said, I'm in love with you or I'm looking.  looking for something more with you, I don't want you to see me as a business. I want you to see me as like the girl that's gonna be like next to you helping you grow, but not like that. What if I framed it in a way where as I do love you and I haven't seen you in a few months and you are gonna help me and we're gonna grow together because we have this business? Okay. You said earlier, there's that one girl that you go home to that you know that. Now there is yes. Okay. All right. If I'm sitting at a tape, you're not gonna have that girl that you're saying that you go home to that you love sitting in another table with four other girls that you want the same opportunity for for those four girls. You're gonna have, it's like you said, you're gonna have that girl at home and then you're gonna have the other four girls working for you. That's different. That's, I understand your point. Okay. But, and I'm not saying this is necessarily true. Because now you're looking at me like the other four girls.  and I'm supposed to be different. I understand what you're saying. Okay. And I'm not saying that that's not true, right? But what I am, let me give you an example. Of the two girls who stayed, I'm not even saying I'm still with one or either of them now, but those are probably the women I had the most respect for in my life ever. So I think the girls who stayed understood that if they actually stick by me and we work on this together, it's not gonna be a matter of me seeing them as a business or seeing them in a negative light, it's gonna end up me seeing them in a positive light. And that's how it turned out. I do have a lot respect for those two girls. Those are the two girls I would do the most for. Even if they have a new man now, whatever, whatever. I actually have respect for them as individuals because I really have a lot respect for women in the modern age who stick by their man no matter what. You know, like all the girls everyone mocks, when I see a chick and like her man cheated whatever, and I was like, look, this stupid bitch, she's an expired man, that's the woman I'm like, you know what, that's a real woman. I like that, I like that. I respect that. I respect that. But and the fact that those two girls like, who are these other girls that are that? I was like, look, I told you the truth. I had to.  girls around the world, et cetera, et cetera. But I do care about you. I do want us to work together. And they're like, okay, let's try it. Let's do it. I respect them as individuals today. I get that. But you're not going to give her the same opportunities that you give the other girls. You need to make her different. You need to give her a different opportunity. Now, if you're giving, if you're giving me and somebody else the same exact opportunity, that's something different. It's going to upset you. I understand. I know you have valid points. So who's the girl that's staying at home? I understand that back in those days, there was nobody at home, right? It was me. It was me and those two and we were a whole. That's how it was for a while. Exactly. But now if you're telling me that I'm supposed to love you, that I'm supposed to want something different from you, you need to treat me different than the other four girls that are sitting at that table. You're going to say, baby, we're running this business together. And these four girls here are going to work for us. But you guys, you guys got to remember, this is after that's during the grind phase. But once you're going to be the first one to get the Gucci bag, you're going to be the first one to be taken.  on a trip, you're going to be the first one to get the fruits of the labor. With other groups. Yes, I meant that you're the person to get good. No, I was going to say, but what you didn't understand about the set up. So if you think it was Andrew and two girls forever, from the day the money started coming in, the it grew. No, I wouldn't quite say more like a pyramid scheme, but those girls who were with us from the beginning, who were there when we were broke, who came to work for us when we lived in a two bedroom apartment or three bedroom apartment, when it got bigger and the house was bigger and the lifestyle was nicer. The girls were like, oh, yeah, I want some of this. We're joining then. They were below these girls. So you can talk about the same opportunity. The other girls were one making months more money because they were on, they were, they were, you know, we were giving them bigger percentages. They had been working longer. We respected them more. We were treating them better, but it was, we were never going to lie from the get go and say, you know what? It's just me and you and the other girls are different because from there, we were like, okay, we have this business now. We're making X amount of money. Let's scale this three years after that story that he told you about. We were cash millenaires three years after. So, and those girls had a premier position.  above everyone else. So it wasn't equality. No, but one thing is I want to share with one girl. I want it. It was equality between them too. Yeah. Yeah. What I'm saying is that you, you sent me, if I'm supposed to be important to you, if I'm supposed to be the girl that's standing by you, that's supporting you, that you want to be your right or die, you sit me to the side. You don't send me with the four other girls. You send me to the side and you say, baby, this is what I'm thinking about doing. And, and if I'm down for that, I'm going to help you get some girls. No, I understand what I'm saying. You don't understand her point. I understand the point. She wants to be the pin. She said that she's on my fear. So let's talk in. Yeah. Let's talk. Yeah. Listen, this is hypothetical. Let's talk in. I would, that's not what I'm saying that I'm going to do. Let's talk in. This is hypothetical. This is me putting myself in that situation. Let's talk. I'm trying to say, let's talk in Pimp language. So what, what your, because there's a language. Which is where you're asking, you're, you're telling me to place myself in that situation. That's why I'm talking like that. But earlier, we talked about not caring which or man is doing if you're the.  main one. So how can you care? You can't build with someone. You all just tell me earlier that building is it non-existent. So you can't sit here and tell him, oh, you have to tell me what we're doing with these girls. No, you have to be on their level. So he makes a decision that you're higher than anyone else. That's how I look at it. If you're trying to be any type of wifey. But you can't have both guys. Yeah. Okay, but I'm sorry. I thought we were talking about this specific situation. We are. I understand. I understand your point. Right. So and what's actually interesting is if you want to look at it because I kept going and getting called a pimp. I really never thought myself as a pimp. I've reached purely a business man. But in the pimp world and the pimp language, they have something called a bottom bitch. And that's their number one girl. And that's the number one girl that runs all the other girls. So when you're saying you take me to the side and mean you we run these girls. That's how most pimp's do it. Even the guys on the street. They have their number one chick who they can trust. That's their number one girl. They can say give instructions to and she helps him run all the other girls. Yeah. So and for a long period of my webcam.  I did have one girl who I trusted the most and me and her were a team and we ran all the other girls That is how I ended up but at the very very beginning with these two girls How am I gonna know who's more dedicated to the task? It's kind of like hunger games within six months. It was within six months. It was clear, right? But at the beginning of it I didn't I was new to the business like anyone else, right? But after six months most of my empire was run with me and there was one chick who I could really trust and I trusted Or never single way and it was me and her running all of it So it is what you're saying is very very possible the idea of a man and a woman and they work together And then there's all these other girls, but it's a business and they're a team and blah blah So I understand exactly what you're saying right didn't get that way. I'm not saying that I'm okay with it I'm not saying that I would be that girl that stands by you to support you. That's not what I'm saying But I'm putting myself in a situation if you want me to be different then you have to put me in a different situation Right, but but those but he is saying that that girl will be put in a different situation because She's higher on the total pool than the other women, right? She's gonna be the first one to get like the rewards when the fruits are laid out. Okay  I'll be fair. There was a competition between two girls for a while, but it didn't last long. That's kind of how it worked, right? That's kind of how it worked. I think one of them bowed out pretty early, one of them got arrogant about it and said, I don't want to compete and then she lost it. Ever seen the scene in the dark night when the Joker breaks the pool stick and half and drops on in the middle? Yeah, that's what they're like. The dark night, the dark night, that's what they're like. My favorite movie. What's up with you, Rose? Good luck. No, no, no, no, no. All right, so we'll turn to ladies. You guys get a chance to grow us now. Do any of the ladies have a question or comment or disagreement or anything on that? That's all I have a question. That's all I have a question. I have a question. Okay, so like the video, by the way, guys, please. Like the channel guys, because I look, some to channel, there's 11,000 plus y'all in here. Like the video, some to channel, guys. Do us that favor. I have seven point K likes. Yeah, seven point K. If you all could get us a 10 K like, that'd be dope, man. I will fucking love you guys, because that's gonna push this video. You guys are gonna be able to see this on the newsfeed. Try and think those two bamboes are, yeah, whatever. Like they're gonna look dumb. Ooh, smoke. Yeah, oh, maybe we'll do that later on. Okay, we're going. Okay, so.  considering that you guys have been with a bunch of different girls. No, no. I told you earlier. I told you all to man of God. Man of God. Open it. Man of God. Man of God. Man of God. Man of God. I'm sorry. She said that Jesus. Thomas Nure. Where's the holy water? Says the person that says that they would get with the ring girls right off their fight. When I get with I meant read the Bible. We were playing cards. Okay. You have a lot of diversity. You have a lot of different women coming at you. What would set a girl apart for you to see her differently? That's that's my question. That's a good question. That's a good question. And I think at my at the point in my life now, why we're dating and I was trying to find a new girl. I'd be looking for so many tiny things. You know what? Like they say in the eyes of an amateur. There's many possibilities, but the eye of the expert or a few. Right. So like if you're a boxer in your amateur, it's it's chaotic. But if you're  if you're a professional, it's pretty simple. It's left or right. You know what to look for. So I feel like, because I'm an old man, 35 today. I kind of feel like I know what to look for. And I'd be looking for a billion tiny little things. So if I, if I was to have a new girl, I walk into a high-end restaurant and some guy or someone or some girl. Oh, hi. And she's like, oh, hi, did an instant rip like, why the fuck, why do you know this bitch in this restaurant? How many times you've been in this restaurant? Who said, who's that? Oh, Rantelang. Who's that bitch? Who's this dude? Always my friend, he's a promoter at Red Flag. There's no such thing as male friends, another bullshit. Bam. But like women, women don't actually realize what men find attractive. Because if you did, you'd all act completely differently. Bam. You ain't got a clue. Bam. So if you go like, girls dancing in the club, like, no, stand the fuck still. Yeah. Don't do that. Don't do that. I don't want to see it. Let's draw sexy. Stop. You're like, stop dancing in the club. People know who she is, her being busy on our trust.  and busy bitches. And I'm like, it's Tuesday. That's crab lunch. Oh, I can't because you know, I've got a new opening of my friend's store and then my cousin is a TikTok influencer and then after that, I'm going to the haul shut up. Oh, I don't like that shit. No, I'm telling you, but I know this through experience, all these tiny things add up to the same thing. They all add up to the same thing. There's no such thing as a girl who goes in the high-end restaurant to everybody knows who's busy all the time who ain't jumping on some dick. I don't want it. So me personally, what would set a girl apart? It would be, I know it sounds completely unrealistic. It could be a very beautiful, kind, courteous woman who really doesn't know very many people, really doesn't do very much, extremely small circle, who was honest and open about the fact she's dating somebody, right? If she wants to take a picture of the food, if she takes a picture of the food and my hands in it, I'll notice that. If she's angling it, my hand, my hand ain't in it. I know it's these things. I've been around the block. I ain't going to say nothing. But like, all right, bitch, here you want...  the fucking short ribs, but this just one thing is going to upset some dude you're talking to on insta, right? Even I'm at the point now where I've been around. I've met beautiful women and when I say beautiful, I mean, 15 out of 10, private insta, private insta, no profile picture. So why don't you profile pictures? I don't want guys to follow me. She that's the kind of shit I like. She's and I'm like, yeah, that's a woman, right? But a lot of that's cultural as well. That's very hard to find the USA Columbia. If you know, there's other countries you can go to where that's a lot more common in the USA. Ever all the girls are about cloud. They don't get fun. But but it's different. So what I would be looking for is a bunch of tiny little things. You're in the USA, man. I know big. But it's a bunch of vacation. It's a bunch of tiny little things and those tiny little things, if it's kind of like, it's a good thing I'm not a girl because if I had the knowledge I have and I was a girl, I'd be dangerous, bro. I'd be dangerous. We see all the time. I'd have all the billions in the bank. You don't know how I'd finesse. Oh, I'd kill the game.  I've been sitting there all, I've never been here before, like on my 25th day in shit. I'm chillin'. But yeah, like so, and one more thing I want to say, another thing that is ultra off-putting and girls don't realize this, it's extremely off-putting when a man goes on a date with one of them real confident girls. It's off-putting and I'll tell you why it's off-putting. It's not because I'm insecure. It's because I've just picked you up. You don't know me. I'm a six foot three kickbox and rule champion. I could be a psycho. You don't know me. You're sitting next to me. You're confident as fuck. How many times as big dudes picked your ass up? This should be unfamiliar. You should be a bit nervous. Like how the fuck is this guy? But you're all like, oh, hi, yeah, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, I'm like, oh, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, it's all right. Another Wednesday, yeah, I hope. I understand. So it's even, you could come and sit in my car and just be confident, know some girl in the restaurant and then sit down. I think the date went fine and by the time the end of it, I'm like, nah. I'm bunched. The small things. Yeah, the small things. I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, yeah, I'm like, what about you? My answer is going to be very simple.  But when I'm gonna talk about the eye of the expert as Andrew is saying and the small things you could notice So when you've been when you've been with when you've read the Bible to as many women as I have You noticed small things that most men don't so there was this girl from out of town She lived about two hours away from me So I could only see her one day every week or you know two days every two weeks etc And I had to go to Istanbul for business. I thought this girl's quite quiet. She doesn't have Instagram She was she was passing all the all the main tests So I flew to Istanbul she knows I'm gonna stay in the best of the best places I get to this five star hotel she opens her little suitcase this young girl and she pulls that hair dryer and I'm like She doesn't know that all five star luxury hotels have hair dryers in the bathroom. That that's main chick material You see all of your girls. It's the tiny details I said you were saying if I was a girl and I knew this information I'd be dangerous It's tiny things like bringing a hair dryer to a five star hotel I'm like she doesn't need it, but the fact she bought it means she's applying to five star hotels with a bunch of dudes Because otherwise she'd know that basically some information. Yeah, it's another  That's already when you have her in the car and you're taking her to a hotel. No, that's a point. But no, I knew her for a few months before that. But another point is it's other things. This is why I say women don't understand what men find attractive. I understand you girls want to live your life. And I understand that you want to put up sexy pictures on Instagram, whatever. I don't have a problem with a girl putting up a picture in a bikini. I don't actually have a problem with that. What I do know, if I see a girl in 15 different locations, she ain't pay for that shit. Yo, I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck. What hustler, boss babe? I don't care what fucking shitty clothing brand you put your bio. You did not pay to go Singapore to buy Tokyo in the last two months. You're a fucking liar. Because dudes are paying for that. And if you are a self-made millionaire, you're there with your friends. Why you buy yourself at every picture? You are a self-made millionaire legit. Let's pretend it's a fantasy land that's completely true. Why are you alone at every dinner? Why are you alone at every bar? Why are you alone on every beach? Where are your girlfriends? And you're a millionaire. Bring your friends. You're gonna touch it. And this is another thing. So I'll even just look at a girl's Instagram and just go.  too many locations. We know too many locations and and and this is the thing, but the girls don't really have to try and hide it. The reason I can say all these things and girls don't try and hide it is because they don't have to hide any of these things. All the things I'm saying to you are things that turn off every man, not just me, every man, every man notices them. But they'll still simply ask anyway, because you're pretty. And this is the game. I don't, there's a lot of red pill guys and a lot of guys who hate on women for getting away with what they get away with. I don't blame the women. It's the pussy ass dude that puts up with it. We all set our own boundaries in life, right? If you're going to go out there and act in a certain way and dudes are going to tolerate it, then why would you change? Absolutely. I understand these girls who do what they're doing and they're still getting so much attention. Why would they stop? They don't give a shit. She's sitting here saying she's sucked endless dick. She can go out and get fucked tonight. She probably is. So why would she stop? Right now. So why would she stop? Is that her fault or the dude's fault? It's the dudes fault. I blame all the fucking sims. It's the dudes who are doing all this stuff. I want to show a video on Twitter of like a 450 pound woman talking about oh when God made me you know he blessed me with all these bountiful curves curve.  I got quite big. I made a splash on Twitter before I lost my second account because I retweeted and I said, you know whose fault this is? All the dudes are a fuckinger. If she wasn't getting, sorry, and sorry, sorry, American women, if a woman that size was living in the country I live in, she wouldn't be so confident because no one's hitting her up. No one's in her DMs. No one's trying to have sex with her. She was bedbound. She was bedbound. Yeah, no, no. She was disabled, baby. We all like curvy, but like bedbounds and no. That was it. It was an exertion to stand up and make that little TikTok video. And I'm telling you, but someone's dickater. Right now, someone's dickater. And that's where the confidence comes from. So we blame men. We don't blame the women. There you go. Why would you? Take that out, man. That was a good question. I like these questions. This is fun. I realize how much I know. Come on, let's go. What else? Are you any ladies? Anybody else? I don't know. I have a question. Sure. Or a comment. So I'm just, I'm still trying to understand. So why, when it comes to cheating, why can't the man have enough balls or be in the...  sure enough to bring that to the attention of his partner because me being bisexual, I would much rather my boyfriend or husband to approach me in a situation. So I can fucking join in. Hey, well, yeah, that's a good, that's a good, that's a good, that's all question. So which men because I, I am like that. Yeah. So what you mean? You took it on my 99% of men with all the hiding and all the pussy asses. I, I, I as a joke last week because my cousin was so afraid of getting caught doing what he was doing. He was like, Oh, well, no, no, she finds out I as a joke last week, invited eight girls. So I read the Bible with to the same party at my house with no other people just to move away to him. I lost two, but I was like, you're all here. I know all of you. This is the situation. And I always try to be like that because I don't want anyone living under any of the transparency, but there's, but there's no, the transparency is important, but there's, there's ways to do transparency, right? Yeah. So here's, here's how I would if I was not a man of God in a virgin, which I am, so I'm out of God. I wasn't a man of God. Here's how I'd approach it. I would never, I'd never go out and bang a chicken. Come on.  to my girlfriend and say, hey, baby, bang the chick. Because I don't think that's necessary. Yeah, I don't think that's necessary. She doesn't really want to hear it. It's not true. They know. I just do what I do. But if she caught me, I'd try and hide it the best of my ability. See, I don't want to catch anybody because I'm crazy. I'm in a bin jail. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, but if you said, who's this girl? I'll be like, ah, well, I slept with her a couple of weeks ago. Is what it is. I wouldn't lie about it. But I definitely wouldn't be coming home and say, hey, I did this. I did this because I don't think that's necessary. But if I go call, I'll be like, yeah, this bitch, whatever. I don't think she's meaning close though. I think she means pretty. Tell me I'm going to my happens. I'm going to sleep with my Jordi. The people are not OK with that. We've already had the women are not OK with that. And they're probably afraid of losing you. I would much rather be OK with my man, tell me. I mean, miss really being prepared and telling him, yeah, I want to then to him just meet up and find an out about it and begin upset about it. That's very much. But you're different. I said him physically. I don't know if I'm talking about that. The reason most men lie is because they're afraid of losing them. Majority of the women are not OK with it. Yeah. But you're not OK with people.  Cheat and I might not mind my head. Yeah, I was just going to say simply put like the reality is it's two things. They're scared of losing a girl. And then the other issue is that most guys are not at the value where a woman will tolerate him stepping on. Hot women. So it's a two pronged issue. It's number one, the guy has a scarcity mindset, right? And he doesn't want to lose a girl. And then number two, if you were to be honest with the girl on teller, I want to fuck other bitch or I want to do it. She'll probably leave because he does not have the necessarily acquired value to be able to be able to exert that, I guess that that rule. I want to smash other chicks because a lot of girls, let's be honest, especially in the West, think that they're special. I deserve everything blah, blah, blah, no offense to the ladies here at the table. But you know, Western women tend to be a little bit more entitled than they feel that a man should be faithful to them, which you go to other parts of the world. It's not like that. Women kind of understand. And lately that guys, especially of a higher status, you're going to have to share them. But here in the West, since women make their own money and they're successful in et cetera, they think, well, I'm the same as a man. You shouldn't be cheating on me and that's just not the way the world operates.  Also, let's be real here, right? Think about this. Women sit accountable to truth, but they really can't, because let's give a example, right? Thank you. Everybody told you, what are we gonna do? You would sit yourself, what the fuck? Because you may say, okay, one or two of my handel. Every single time? It depends though. It depends on how mature you are and how your communication skills are. Because me, on other end, I will much rather someone tell me ahead of time, so I can either, like I said, join or fucking lead. But when I said disrespect, I said, same, you're a point, right? You can stick your dick in someone without letting them know and then come back and stick your dick in them. You all know how many of these are not there. Listen, you're mature, right? I guarantee you, most of them are not that mature. The handle that. Because you might handle it. I tell you, 99% of the women can handle it. Well, let me give you another frame. Let me give you another frame. And you're right, you're extremely mature and most of them can handle that. I gave you another frame. What if the dude fucks, what if the dude, and I know this is gonna sound crazy to you, girls? What if the dude doesn't even think it's worth telling you, dude, because I'm telling you, you underestimate how dude can fuck girls and not give a shit. You think we can plan it? You think it's the plan? No, I don't. No, I don't. Because it's just be out.  This isn't even worth the conversation. But the same reason you wouldn't give a conversation about Dildo or masturbate, it's like, who cares? It's just like, why are we even gonna discuss this by text? Like, bitch, okay, don't know, all right, don't care. Like, they don't care. And it's never gonna work the way you said, because like you said, for every woman who says that, 49 out of 50, don't mean it. Is that cool? So when I say, I'm not saying you don't mean it. Yeah, I'm not saying you don't mean it. I'll take you a face value in our respect what you say, because that's the kind of guy I am. But every woman who said that to me, I don't necessarily tell them, but I basically let myself, call, I'm sitting there texting, she's looking at my shoulder. Well, who's that? You know what, you know what it is, none of your business here. I don't know what I'm gonna say tonight, I'm doing this. But the girls will say this at the beginning relationship and I leave myself open to getting, go, I'll leave hair brushes and shit in my room. I'll look at it and I'll think, well, you know, she said she was cool with it. So let me leave that hairbrush right there and see, you know, it is not. But she's not. Yeah, it's, she's not. Okay. So it's the other women. Why we're not honest with girls like you, is because it's the boy who cried wolf. They all say they're fine with it. But until, I'm, I'm just,  But third wall, you want to know why women say I want you to be honest with it? You guys really want to know why women always want to reserve the right to be able to disqualify you if you don't meet certain requirements up front. There you go. That's why the reason why I want to be honest is because she really wants you to be honest. It's because she wants to quickly assess if you are going to put her in a compromising position where her emotions can get hurt and she doesn't want to do that. So what's she going to do? If you say, well, I'm just trying to fuck. No, I'm going to go deal with another guy that can give me a little bit more emotional investment so that I can get something back from my pussy. That's what it is. Women always want to reserve the rights of disqualify you quickly if you don't meet their requirements. And the thing is this women want the monopoly on manipulation. Let's keep it a thousand. Women game is manipulation. Guy game is showing status, whatever it is. And then maybe if you have some game, you can do manipulation. But most guys don't have the ability to manipulate. So women want to be able to reserve that right to have the monopoly. I'm manipulation. But if a guy has game and he plays the same game of women plays.  AKA manipulation lies. Oh, I love you, baby. It's okay. You're the only one blah, blah, blah. Play the same game. Now the woman is fighting fire or with fire and women don't want to have it. This woman always want to decide it advantage when it comes to dating and dealing with men. So that's why women want guys to be honest so that you can quickly disqualify him and he can't run game on you just like you're running game on him. And I know that sounds horrible for me to put it out there in words. So you all can run game, but we can't. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that. No, it's been like that. But I'm saying that. I know that's some saying if someone would tell me if I were hand like if I wasn't okay with it, I would go out there and do my damn thing, be out there fucking in the air. But like it's about respect and what you bring to the table. That's what I'm trying to say is that most women don't want to forfeit the monopoly on the ability to manipulate and run game. Most girls run circles around guys. Not the other way around. It's rare when a guy can run circles around a woman game wise. You know, women don't want to ever be put in that position. That's why women have a serious issue with guys that she and or guys that aren't honest because it takes your ability to away to make it informed.  decision on what you want to do with the said man. And that's why that's why I like fresh and fit. I just want to say so every episode of watched of this podcast you got usually high value or at least beautiful women talking with high value men and they discuss these things and people are watching this you know mind low. What we have to understand is 99% of society isn't anything that we're talking about. It's women impendudes. That's 99% of society. So fresh and fit brings a different kind of perspective to the conversation because there's always high value dudes and beautiful women. That's not the way the world works. Every man you see out there but by and gross reason Walmart you know his ugly fat two out of 10 wife is at home. So the neighbors dick and men get screwed over day after day. Yeah, men, men all the time. Men lose all the time. We talk you know this truth. You talk about we everyone talks about men being bad but you have one percent of men. You have one percent of men maybe two percent out here can be playboys. The majority of men are desperate to get anything they can get and they'll do anything they can to hold on to it. There are more men  who are lonely, suicidal, a woman will never truly be lonely. My how unattractive, how ugly your personality is, you can always get dick. There are men out here who are genuinely lonely. You don't understand the struggle of a man, because women want the best men in the world. You want the best men in the world, and as much as you will sit and say, I don't want to cheat, you know instinctively you will share the best man in the world as opposed to have Joe Schmo. That's why these girls will go out in the fuck Chris Brown. I think Chris Brown's fucking loyal. These folks, they're loyal. They don't care. They don't care. They're like, he's Chris Brown. They don't, they don't, he's being, him being loyal does across their mind. So the truth about the biology of men and women, the truth about the biology, as that for the longest period of human time, women shared talk to your males. The king had 100 wives, and the peasant men had zero. This is how we've been evolved. For the longest period of human time, women have literally evolved to look at a guy and go, you know what, that dude's worth sharing. And as much as you can deny that and say that the modern world's taught you different and your independent blah blah blah.  your biology deep down operates on that level. Otherwise, you wouldn't be chasing these sports stars. You know they're married. You know they're married. When you see a famous rapper, you know he's got chicks. You care? No, you don't care. Do I? This is the reality of the game. So when we talk about all these things, we make men sound bad. Tristan nailed it. The majority of men out here are, they can't do anything besides live a life and pray. Their chick doesn't just leave them for someone better. Bam. If you're working, if you're working in KFC, you're a pretty normal dude. And the problem with being a normal dude is that now you know your chick fucks normal dudes, which means everybody's competition. So well, you see go to the KFC. You're going to be worried because the other the KFC dude can get her girl. She might go burger, you know, Wendy's and boom, you lost her, right? So it's different at the top as a man, but this is a very, very unique experience. And when we say things, we know that we can sometimes like great on your chicks, et cetera. But you need to understand that the overall what.  or winning this war. You women run the world. Yeah, you're killing us. Yeah, yeah. You run the world. And the majority of men are just cucked out for their chick, praying for a bit, a pussy once a year. So you women are running. You women are running it. You are running. I said, at the time, women are running circles wrong guys, which is why the popularity of this podcast is exploded because there's no YouTube channels out there teaching guys had a, sorry, teaching women how to get guys. But there's a bunch of channels out there teaching guys how to get girls because for women, you guys play it on easy mode. Tristan, you have some? I saw you want to say something. Look at you, I was just saying, when we used to run our webcam studio, I know this full well. And we know how sad men are because we saw it first hand. You keep in mind, these guys think they're talking to a girl alone in her bedroom. There's me four female members of staff in Andrew sitting behind 40, 40 different live streams watching every single one. And you think all these guys are saying, hey, get naked, show us your boobs, show us your tits. No, these guys are crying their eyes out. I should never have married my wife. I wish I had a beautiful woman like you. My wife won't even have sex with me anymore. I can't divorce her because I'll lose the kids. And it's therapy. I've had to swear on my father's grave. I've had to coach.  admins on talking dudes out of killing themselves. They're threatened in suicide on webcam. Yeah. So I've seen the dark side of the male reality. And of course it's paying people like me and we make millions of dollars from it because we're the old with a tiny percentage that can harness that female energy and use it for our benefit. But it destroys men out in the real world. Yeah, the real world is not getting wrecked. Not getting wrecked. Right. And here's the thing like like and this is such a refreshing conversation because I've always said it, you know, girls don't really care about your struggles man. They just take the best guys. It is what it is. No, I'm not going to have a pity party. We're not here to know. No, I'm not. We're just here to give you guys another perspective that you might not know and or understand or can't understand, which is fair. Like who cares? Women don't give a fuck about losers and it's been that way. What? Andrew, what? Like 40% of men are pro-creators beginning of time. Since the beginning of time women have never fucked losers. Yeah. Since the dawn of time. Since the dawn, listen, if you're living in caveman days, what would happen is you're chilling. You're chilling with your man. You're looking the distance. You're looking the distance. You say, is that tape? Oh, go, go, go. I walk up with a...  club, take your whole tryout on keto, all 10 of them motherfuckers. I beat them all by myself. You become mine now. Now you may be angry about it for about 15 minutes. But when you look around and see all them dead motherfuckers, you'd be like, you know what, he's big, man. He is. And you had this easy and you win and you can't and you can't hunt. You can't live without man. Shoot better. You better hang out with the big G. That's right. So that's that's how it's always been. This is why the Kings and the warriors had all these women. Hey, man. I'd even know you instinctively want an alpha. You're talking about security. Security means that he can mess up a dude who tries to mess with you. That's it. If you saw the guy you trusted with security as asked whooped, you would have said, I'm leaving. Yeah, I'm leaving. This is very. This is human nature. So this goes all the way back. This is a perfect circle back to the very beginning of this podcast. When I said, if you want a man who has everything, you have to accept. There's probably going to be a degree of infidelity. I'm not saying he should treat you like shit. I'm not saying you shouldn't be number one. I'm not saying you shouldn't be special. I'm not saying he should take the piss and go too far. But if you want a man with every.  every single quality, it's in his biology to a degree to be, to be, to not be loyal to you because men of that caliber have never been loyal since the dawn of human fucking time. Yeah. I mean, we're going to be with a man like that. Yeah. So you, you can go get any one of you beautiful girls can go out there and get Joe Schmoe tomorrow. And he'll be as loyal as you, you could ever hope for. He'll give you his phone password. He'd never talk to another girl. He'll get down on one knee in a few months to start begging. Please marry me like a little punk. It's dangerous sitting here. It's not your sitting here on the first ship. Yeah. Case closed. It's that you're going to be rolling a Lambo with some dude at six months into the relationship. You were like, what do you think of marriage? You're like, don't believe marriage. Fresh and you'll be like, I'm not sure. I'm not dressed by the way. And you'll be like, you'll be like, okay, where are we going tonight? And you're going to go and have your fucking nice night. So that's your choice. And that's your choice, which is biologically driven. And the sooner.  you look in the mirror and understand that your biology is speaking to you to accept certain things, the sooner you can accept them and be a happier individual because I'm telling you, you can have a very happy relationship with a very high quality man who occasionally fucks and pussy and they will get the fuck over it and they will be happy. So I have a question. Yeah, I have a quick question. Wait, let other girls say I'm questions. Do you guys have anything? You want to add? No, I'm going to say something. So like the 1%. I get it. I understand they are high value in like, they come to the conditions, but is there a happy medium between the loser that you guys talk about and the 1% because honestly, not everybody can handle 1% type of guy. Not everybody can handle those conditions. So therefore a lot of women out here are not fucking. Agreed. I agree with you 100% and yes, I would say there is a happy medium, but if you're going to be a woman with the happy medium kind of guy, you also have to be strong enough and woman enough to accept that you're going to go through your life seeing better dudes and you have to make sure you don't go anywhere fucking near them.  say, look, I've got a guy he's good enough, but he's loyal to me. That dude, every single possible human metric probably outperforms my man. But you know what, fuck it. This guy he's been good to me. If you can do that good, but if you're, but most of them don't think they're way, most women don't literally don't operate on that way. They operate in shit. I know him from TV. He's this. He's that. He's that. Fuck it. And that's the different. That's a different. It's a different programming. I'm, look, we talk about losers and stuff. Low level guys still get laid and they still get girlfriends. We're just saying that their relationships aren't worth having. That's what I'm saying. I don't want to say this to. Oh god. I'm just. If you have someone else before I was no, no, I'll carry on. I was just going to say the most destructive advice is what those two girls gave you all earlier, which is well he went around and fucked a bunch of girls. So I should be able to run around and fuck a bunch of guys. And that's probably some of the most destructive advice you can get. And a lot of modern day women subscribe to that city girls Nicki Minaj, etc. Cardi B. But it's kind of funny because Cardi B now is married and she's not doing any of that, fuck shit. Cooking a cleaning. You know, I'm saying, you know, I'm supposed to record her. Yeah. And she don't want her. Hello, baby watch her video.  those at all. So, so even though women say that, you know, it sounds good to say, fuck, niggas get money, blah, blah, blah, I'm here to get a bag, whatever. Cope. It's not it's coped. And not only that women are not programmed to sport fuck their way around multiple guys. They're just not men can do it without an issue. Women can't though. So when women get that advice, it's extremely destructive because you might lose a guy that's worse something and it's by sucking off some other guy that isn't on his level. Now you lost access to that guy with girlfriend privileges. Now you're going to go back and it's yeah, you're completely my run a little and also another point that's really important. It's not even just about losing guys, et cetera. I will stick by this point. A woman cannot support fuck her way through life without taking psychological damage. Yeah. You will be psychologically damaged if you just start fucking dudes here, they're in everywhere. And once again, this goes back to your biology before look, you have to look at humans in two in two different ways. We have the societal version of the human, which is how society teaches us. And we have the evolutionary biological version of the human, how we've evolved to be. If a woman had sex with a man, there's a strong chance you get pregnant. If you got pregnant, you would die without  man, right? This is in the caveman days, right? You needed a man, you got pregnant, you need to some of the fucking hunt and stuff. Millennial programming. This is programming. So your programming was, if you had sex with a man to be attached to him, you want him near, you want him close, you want him around you, right? Because you have to protect you, you might be pregnant. The idea that you can run around now and sleep with all these dudes and feel zero emotional attachment to any of them ever. It's hard coat. That's you trying to trick your brain and watch enough new age crap. You can run around and fuck a bunch of guys. It's not going to affect you emotionally in any way. The saddest, most miserable women of the world are women who are sluts. All of them. They are unhappy. They're unhappy because there's something inside of them that they know it's wrong. They know it's wrong. They don't feel right within themselves. I know girls who suck with one or two dudes and maybe the dude they're with maybe ain't perfect. Maybe he does this, does that, maybe he cheats, whatever, whatever. But they look at their man with such admiration because they haven't had enough dicks to lose that old school. Pure. Remember when you were in love when you were 15, that shit still alive for them chicks. And that's why a little  what it is, count is important for a girl. A man's completely different. We're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're trying to shame them for having, that you guys are all pic me's sluts always, same girls would have low counts. When I heard this girl talk a shit. So I was, I was, I was behind the scenes. I wasn't even on this. I was listening to this girl talk. I always do. So when I was, when I was listening to this girl talk at her notes, that's all this podcast. She was like, yeah, you know, I could be the girl who gets money and, you know, you're the girl who stuck at home blah blah blah. Here's the thing, look, men and women, men and women. We all get old. Time is the fire in which we all burn. And I'm telling you, the woman who she's making fun of for staying home while she's in the club. When she's, I mean, how old was she? She's like, she's like 28. What does it matter? He's a boy. Yeah, he's one way. Give her, give her seven more years. Yeah. Seven more years. And she's going to be lonely with lower, lower and lower quality men. The woman she's laughing at, who is at home, will be older and uglier and less attractive. And so will her man because that's what happens to people. We all age, but that woman will be  with two kids. She's not going to be thinking, I need a bag, I need a bag. Her husband's taken care of her. She's got her two beautiful children and she's living in a life that is worth living for a 40 year old, a 45 year old and a 50 year old woman. Did she get her grandkids and her progression of being a woman through life continues. This girl is going to burn out, burn out. And if she somehow does manage to get pregnant from somebody and tricks his ass, he ain't going to want nothing to do with her. There's no happy family life. There's no ball of gold at the end of the rainbow for this kind of setup. So yeah, in the short term, she's in the club and the other girl isn't. But give that 10 years and look at your situation honestly. And tell me who's happy and who isn't. Yeah, man. And I want to say this too because the other girl was like, I was like, because you said, oh, I broke up with my guy and I said, oh, that's not the smartest thing you want to get married young and the other girl, the weird chick. She was like, well, why? Like, you're not married right now. And I'm like, Jesus man. Like with women like.  Men, if men do the work, we age like wine. If women, even if the outdoor do the work, you're still going to lose value as a kid. Older. I hate to say it. Like a woman that's 35, that's attractive, is never going to be able to compete with a woman that's 25 and attractive. I'm sorry. It is what it is. Like men like youth and beauty, just like you want to guy that's tall and has money. So when she said that, I was like, you know, this is destructive advice that modern day women give each other like, oh, just pushback marriage. It's okay. No big deal. And it's like, no, bro, you can't compete. You know, mother nature gives you your gifts. Father time takes him away as a woman. That's the reality. If you, if you, if you, That's kind of like the conversation that we were having a couple of few months ago, where it was the older that you, the older you get as a woman, the more your chances dwindle of having a, like of being married, you know, having a child, because no, right? No, nobody's going to want to have a kid with you when you're 36 or like, or you want to, if you even want to bring a kid,  It'll be tough. It's like your chances of being married or getting married at 36 and having a kid dwindle versus being 25, you know what I mean? And getting married. Just to wrap up on this point, do you know how I know that women instinctively know that a low body count is beneficial? Because have you ever seen a chick in a chick argue? Do you know what the first thing a woman calls a woman? She doesn't like? You're a fucking slut. You're a hope. You're a hope. Oh, yeah. So now how about you? Now how about your dick is bad? Because you don't like that girl. But then you're a city girl. I like a bunch of dick. So women know instinctively that being a slut, ain't a great thing. Damn. So they weren't that. They weren't that. Super Chess and then last thoughts here? Yeah. No. IQ of the conversation went up significantly after those girls left. I don't know why she knows. That was me joining. That was me joining. I'll read these Bianca and then you can go. Yeah. OK. And the shots of ladies for being good sports and being good sports. Yeah.  is a lot of good road level applause. And we've been in discussion. You do have to agree with everything we say. But, yay, this is great discussion. You're not hurting the quad to the shell. All right, we got King of Lords. Darnmaren had to put up with some serious lottery tonight. This isn't the place for some basic aging, pretty woman to flex her ability to profit off her looks. It's to educate oneself about what a high-value man really value and want next. Yeah, bro, it is what it's bro. But that's what you deal with. Both those girls notice the difference between the girls that were like super promiscuous holes on only fans and the other ladies at the table. Yeah, y'all can see it right there, which are own two eyes. This is what it is. Roberto Moreno, 50 bucks. What does Andrew tell a woman who wants to be exclusive with him but wants to have multiple girlfriends? Thanks and shout out to the alpha of alpha's Andrew freaking. Should I answer that question? Yeah, go for it. But I really want to make this clear. This goes into the point you made. I don't think it needs to be pre-plan by like that. I think it'd be very, very weird for me to sit there with a girl I really liked or I loved because I believe in love, right? Men love women, women love men. To be the...  were the woman I love and say, oh, in the future, I'm going to fuck this bitch. I just think that'd be strange. If I was with a girl and she said, oh, I really want us to be together and be exclusive. Because listen, baby, I love you. I care about you with all my heart. If something happens, I'll tell you, but I love you. Don't worry about it. That's all it would be. It wouldn't be like a big deal. It doesn't have to be such a big deal. And if I went away to Vegas and I came back a week later and she go, well, I think you did this. So I did this and this, bitch, but who cares? Well, that would be it. It doesn't have to be such a big deal. I really don't think it has to be. And I know this is like mind bending in the West. But I want to make one more thing because my run nailed it earlier. And the West where girls can make their own money, et cetera, I've been all around the world. There is not a single bad bitch in Russia married to a mafia boss who thinks his ass is loyal. Because in those countries, he's just like, well, I'm a bad bitch. I got the Bentley. He's a big man. He does what he does. But I got the Bentley and I'm at home. I win. I win. There's no concept of a high value man being loyal. And most of the world, it's only in a few countries. And then it's all in the media and shit. And people are like, oh, well, yeah, he doesn't. I do it. All this shit.  garbage and the girl at home is laughing at the girls in the clubs. This is one that's different to the girl who's sitting here. I'm taking care of their just sucking his dick and they know big nothing. And this is what I said that girl earlier said she said the side bitch messes. She said, well, if your side bitch messes you, I look stupid. I said, no, the smartest thing you can say is I was in a manless night. I know, but he pays my rent and I'm living with him. Bam. And we're the one having a family and you ain't got shit. Same bone. So I hope you do it again. They enjoy yourself. Literally. That's as far as you can finish. Oh, you sucked it for free. Okay. Bye. Like the fuck it. And she's jealous of you. The girl, the side chicks jealous of the chick who's looked after. Like you have to re-change the frame. I'm telling you in most of the world, it actually works this way. It's only in America. A few of the countries where people think this is crazy. What countries where women, you know, scream independence and stuff like that. Typically where it is. And I've always said, you know, reality does not can reality does not conform to social constructs. This ideology of, you know, independent women, strong independent.  woman, I don't need a man, whatever. This is modern garbage. It's just doesn't exist. It doesn't operate like that. And when you go into, you know, you go into countries where, you know, feminism is really a thing. The women tend to be happier, actually. Yeah. Much, you know, feminism is actually a strong predator on women, not being happy because you take women from their biological needs, which is most women, a big predicate on happiness is a man and children, man, which is why like when these women were saying this shit, they were saying I was like, bro, you're, this is like, and modern day women up to fail and lose. And here's a sad part, the scary thing is this, if a man gets old and realizes, fuck, I fucked up. At least he can like, change his path and get a career and make money, whatever. There's a bunch of guys that become millionaires in their 40s, whatever. They realize, fuck, my values determine on my status and what I create with a woman, city girl life, hot girl summer, hot girl summer, hot girl summer year after year, 35 years old, 32 years old, 33 years old. Yeah. We're all the good men gone. What the hell? Good men are with the 19 year old sweet stupid.  realized I have the most negotiating power while I'm young and beautiful and this sounds horrible but fertile Yeah, you know, whereas like the strong independent woman 32 years old career woman You can't compete with a 21 year old. Yeah, I don't care And here's a thing Selena agree with that though Because I guarantee you the type of girl that she is she probably pulled a lot of executives The artist whatever from those very women But what she doesn't understand and her time is coming as well. Yep. You know what I'm saying? You're mostly I with the old and with the new That's all I could just say You know what father better more confident, you know what I'm saying and men want younger tighter firmer And that's why men get the status so they can have a bad a bad enexida you want a career you want independence? Or do you want a family? Damn, there you go. That's the good one. That's a good one. Yeah, wait for us. Oh, okay. It's your back. I thought you're gonna No, no, she's wanting to buy from oh, okay. I thought she wanted to okay. Well, I mean she wants to but but she's gonna go to club. Yeah It's my best one. Hey, now I Yeah  I get it. Robert, we read their answer that one. Someone said Bianca's Bay. They love you, Bianca. And then it was funny how Selena tried to shame you though. It was kind of funny. She tried so hard. She did shame me. I kind of wanted audience to see it. Yeah. Like she was like, these guys are pick me. But I got a lot of emotion. Got the motion. God damn, the sword is sharp tonight. My earned the game and information that tape brothers are dropping is why we watched this podcast. Keep it coming. This conversation can only get better. Roll. It's my seat. Don't worry, guys. We are going to have a panel with the Tristan with Tristan Andrew and Root Tomassi. So I got y'all. Don't worry about it. We got Hong Van Tran, Mr. Andrew Tate. The first time I saw you on FNF was the clip video on depression. Isn't real. Thank you for the arse kicking you gave us, man. I now push that same message onto guys. I know the knowledge you jets all give us is truly God's work. Thank you all. Don't worry guys. We're going to bring Andrew on. We're going to do the one I want interview and we're going to talk about depression at length because I got a lot of hate on that as well. And it's interesting. You guys do you have a room in the war room right now or no? Yeah, the warms open. Yes.  is just just we quickly explain what it is. The war room is our network that we run. We run a network. It's global. We have members in 54 countries all around the world and it's a brotherhood designed to help people escape the socially induced enslavement, which is coming upon being bestowed upon the common man. I don't know if a lot of the men out here don't seem to understand. And I know if you live in Miami, you're a little bit insulated, but any kind of a man with a warrior spirit in the current world should struggle to sleep. Because it's getting crazy. It's scary, bro. It's getting crazy. And you can't beat this stuff on your own. You're not Rambo. You need a network of men. So even us living in Europe, Europe's the most crazy, but we're traveling free. We're going where we need to go. We're getting things done. And that's down to our network. You need people you can call when the cops come knocking so they don't have to inject you full of drugs. So that's what the war room's all about. And you guys bought a Bugatti to network. I'm doing the war room myself. If I get approved because I want to have that network as well. So it's very important. Yeah, we, yeah, my, I got the, I got a video actually this morning. I put on my Instagram. I got a video of the car being made, which.  just kind of cool. Yeah, I don't think any I don't know if any got it. It's a Bugatti. I don't think any cars were 4.5 M. But um, I we now get to go to events for Bugatti owner. Bugatti owner is only. So it's the Russian Alley Garth. It's the Arab shakes. It's all the big boys. So we're going to be there. We'll be networking and it'd be interesting to ask an Arab shake or a Russian Alley Garth what you think's about being loyal. But he would say what does that say? Yeah. We got a little money and then we got and we're going to talk a little bit more on on the War Room and more detail guys as well. Yeah. tape brothers are going to be here for a bit. So we're working on some really cool stuff that's going to be coming guys. And then last one, psych last 50 bucks. Happy birthday, Andrew. I need your opinion and cart. I'm car shopping between the 2022 BMW M5 and the 2022 car event BMW 135 K Corvette 86 K. What will a girl take you more serious? I get I get I get the BMW M5. What I would say is if a girl only takes you serious because of what car that you're driving, which car you're picking right now isn't the biggest worry that you need to have on your mind.  Bam. You know what? Let me make one more point on cars, because I have a few. How many do we have? 22? 23. Goddamn. You name a car. I have it. Bentley Lambo. Got them all. A car is an amplifier. It does not change who you are. Yes. If you're a dork and you buy a Lambo and you pull up an Lambo and a dork gets out, you're just a super dork. You're like, ah, oh, he's some tech dork. He works for Facebook. But if you're a big strong man and you pull up an Lambo and you go out, you're a big strong man. It ain't going to change who you are. It's going to amplify. And that's what money does. I said at the very beginning of this podcast, most of you people are not ready for wealth. So many people think, I need money. I need money. I need money. Most of you meant, ain't shit. And money ain't going to make you shit. It really isn't. Because the maldoons who get finesse the hardest are the rich, soy, pussie-holes. They get finesse the worst. You got to be about it first. And this is another thing about the masculine experience. Women can be fantastic women. You could be amazing people without much trauma in your life. You can go through life, live a pretty happy life and be an amazing woman.  If you want to be a good man, you need to go through some shit. A good man isn't a man who's had an easy life. You find a man who had an easy life and talked to him about security. Nothing. The only man who's a good man is a man who's been through it. We need to suffer. Look at any superhero movie. What happens to the superhero? He suffers. Batman's dad got killed. Like, you're bad shit. Then you become a superhero. You need to suffer first. So all the young boys out here who are obsessed with money, you haven't been through enough suffering. You're not important enough. You're not man enough to be rich. Because you're going to buy a Lambo and you're just going to be looking like a fucking target. You're going to get shot. That's all going to happen to you. People don't want to shoot me because they look twice and go, Mike Bounce off. And I want to say this too real quick. I've said it. When I get mad when I say this, but I'm just going to say it anyway. So I'm going to get hit with the whole. Massagna. Yeah, it's this man. It virtually builds men and destroys women. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I hate to say it like that, but that's the reality. You know, the more experience as a man goes through, the more tried and true he is, the better may he's going to be for the woman, the more tried.  Tribulations a woman goes through typically at the end of a penis from another dude or a bunch of random dudes the worst She's gonna be off, you know adversity builds man and intense destroy women We protect you for a reason we want you to have fantastic happy lives if I have a woman I love I want her to live in a bubble of happiness. I don't want to ever think she needs to go through some trauma to learn some shit No, I'll put my I've been through enough shit But if I feel like I need more I can put myself through I'll get back in the cage no problem I'll put myself through it. That's my job as a man. I need adversity. I don't think a woman needs a horrible life This is why we think so differently. We operate in completely different planes And I'm telling you if you ever meet a man who you despise on every level If you look at me think you're a little pussy piece of shit It's probably because you had a nice easy life Nice easy life. This is why women are attracted to gangsters and all these bad boys right because we've been through something You have to go through something to be something as a man. So we're carrying some trauma So we go through some shit to be some shit now we want I want to realize with a shit meaning we want status Meaning we go back to our original point We want a bitch to give us status. We don't want some chick who's gonna fuck that up. So hopefully it's all starting to make sense  circle. Bam. Bam. There you go. Because what you didn't say earlier is nothing fuck status up more when you were explaining to these women that men want status and a woman to help you with status. Nothing, nothing fucks a man status up more than a girl like these girls to my left and right earlier. Look at Will Smith. We all always win. Nothing. We win. There. Nothing. You win. A man's status more than loving up a girl like this girl or this girl who was here earlier. Like so they're the opposite. They're the exact what men shouldn't want and don't want son. Where'd you find me? 1000% I know what I feel like. Yeah, bro. Like, yo, that's why no guy wants a wife without bro. It's embarrassing man. It's extremely embarrassing to you as a man and that's a fantastic way I could have said it better myself. Easy right here. 50 bucks. You know, Andrew Freak contain you are you're one of the reasons I got into Moist Thai slice kickboxing. That's just changed my life. Man, it made me way less depressed and full of anger. Great way to join a brotherhood. Thanks, hey guys, and don't worry. We're going to have more of the taste man. We appreciate it. So,  He just gives you a lot of thoughts on the show. He hit it a little bit. She's got it. How was the show? Go ahead. How was the show? It was a good man. That was amazing. It was really fun at the beginning with Selenia's. Selenia power, whatever. The other girl that was excited. Yeah, KK. Yeah, the two don't hold. I like it. They give a little spacey to the show. Yeah, yeah. So you'll find this. Right now, someone else is talking about them. After they let everything become more soft. We're not sure. The more they're more comfortable. No, better. I think. Thank you. I know. Absolutely. Yeah. What about you? Honestly, I actually really enjoyed it. Yeah, I saw you listening quite a bit and like taking it in. Yeah. I like to talk a lot. So I was just like taking it in. They had personality, but I didn't like how they threw my phone. Yeah. They threw my phone. We told them, don't fucking like. We told them like what the fuck? If we...  weren't here. You know, you know, like, it was very disrespected. Anyway, down. But honestly, on a great time. Thank you for having me. No, and thank you for being a great kid. Appreciate you. Appreciate it. Thank you for having me as well. Like, honestly, always watch the show. I'll thank you, Loudy. Oh, wow. Like, my favorite. Yes, I live in Atlanta, but I'm from Kendall. Kendall. Oh, that is trouble. That is trouble. Come on now. You're trouble. I know that already. Who is sitting under attack. Okay. Oh, don't touch fresh. Honestly, I love hearing everyone's perspective. Like, I don't agree with everything, but I don't think that's the point. Like, we just need to see both sides. Correct. Cool. That's cool. Thank you. What about you? I think that I, so I had a bit of this conversation earlier, within like the last, like, month and a half about just what men want, wondering why I felt...  stuck for a while. So it's just refreshing to once again see the different points of view, apply that knowledge and have like the entire direction of your life change. So this is kind of just somewhat of a refresher like even the hairdryer thing. Like little things like that you you as a woman don't really notice but men are not as dumb as you think they are. No, we're not. Well a small percent. You gotta remember these are guys that are that gotta be calibrated with the ladies. You know these guys are obviously they live with women for several years they know you know these. No, men have gone. I had a great experience once again. I really appreciate how I don't know I feel like a lot of the fans disagree with me one lie but then they'll be in my inbox on Instagram saying like oh we totally agree with you like your wife. They're trying to get laid. Yeah so it's okay so I'll still live y'all. They're trying to get laid but okay. I'm Bianca. I'm Bianca. What's uh you know  that I love. I love coming on the show. I like hearing the difference in mentality for women versus men and kind of understanding. It's a good idea today. I mean I understand. I'm a very open-minded understanding person but like you were saying you know there are things that I agree with and things that I don't agree with but as long as I understand where you guys are coming from I think that's what matters more. Fair enough and the people find you guys. Yeah so I'm on YouTube at Tate's speech. I got you know I got banned for hate speech one so I came back at Tate's speech. So I like the video by the way please. I'm not banned yet and I'm on Instagram at Cobra Tate. They got the blue checks. Yeah you can find pretty easy. Instagram Talisman Tate. So you start typing the word Talisman. No one names himself that. That was my that was my fight name. So uh yeah start typing the word Talisman into into Instagram and you'll find them. There you go.  And guys, we're gonna have them back on the show. Don't worry, we're gonna roll it. It's my story. We're gonna have one on one interview. We're gonna definitely do one with Tristan, because we all need to meet this guy. One on one. You know what I'm saying? And now I'm also gonna do one on one interview with Andrew. So you guys are gonna get all the sauce. Please guys, from my hair follicles and from all the stress that I dealt with getting spit on by these dumb bitches, please. Guys, we'll follow all the support and girls here. We'll follow Andrew and his brothers well. Yeah. Support them as well. Join the war room. Yes, support us on Patreon and guys, see you tomorrow. So, thanks to our YouTube channels. Take confidential and take speech. I'm gonna link everything below. Yep. And check out the ladies. These were the fantastic ladies that stayed on the panel unlike the other idiots. And yeah, guys, we'll catch you guys. And guys, I will play my brothers after this, if you know what I mean. Okay, wink. 7 pm guys. We'll be back. We're gonna teach you guys how to troll girls on essay. I'm sticking around on the sugar sights. On the sugar sights. No. On the sugar sights, guys. Peace. Peace. All the night is my home. Did you lie? 