 Everybody's heart's been broken, every single man, every single woman has been through a period where they want and someone back who didn't want them. Difference between me and everyone else's, I never left my pride or my dignity go out of the window for it. That's the big problem with the law of this heartbreak stuff. It's not that you're in the feeling heartbroken is bad. That's a part, a natural part of the human experience. You just can't sacrifice your dignity for it. Yeah. I'll tell you a very quick story. This is a story I've never told before. When I was, I was 23. When I was 23, I was dating a ballerina. She was the prima ballerina of the Cambridge Ballet School in England. I had no money. I was a fighter, but I was coming up. I didn't really have any money. She lived far away like an hour and a half away, but she used to come see me and we were good for like a year, year and a half. I love this girl. She finished ballet school. She started dancing in clubs and London. She couldn't get any ballet works of surprise, surprise. She ends up doing dancing and not stripping, but dancing in the club. So now she's around the London money every day. She's out dancing all the time. She's up late every night. She doesn't want to drive it out.  I have to come see me none of this shit. So we're kind of falling apart a little bit and She ended up talking to someone famous David Hey, I don't know who he is a boxer So anyway when I finally saw her again She was like we had an argument like well you know why you think you're a fighter this guy that guy this guy guy I'm like look so I had this argument with her back and forth and I explained to her that these men are just gonna Use you and you're gonna do it at least get paid and when she left the house Tristan said why you tell her to the dudes I'm like no, I'm just understanding that in my chest position. I've lost this game The game is done now just sooner or later she's out all we do is argue she's in the club every night Just the queen sacrifice right right right should we we broke up three months later I don't know if she's different or who she's I don't know I never spoke for a sense But that's kind of the analogy you have to be able to apply to life sometimes chicks But I'll go yeah sometimes they have to go to save the king and too many dudes most of the time men Truly lose at life is because they've attached themselves to a queen and they won't matter up. They won't sacrifice her No no matter what I promised I'm gonna stick by you This to our marriage vows no matter what no matter  and they just stay on that synchronicity until she eventually leaves his ass. And it's sad to see, but men keep doing it. What women want from men? Well, the first thing we have to understand is that it depends, right? Of course it depends. It depends on how old the woman is, what part of her life she's in, if she's looking for excitement and adventure or she's looking for a family and to settle down, it completely depends. But in general, if a woman is gonna dedicate herself to a man, then that man has to be all encompassing. It has to be a man who can fix most of her problems. He needs to provide stability and safety, which everybody knows. But not many people consider that he also has to provide drama for her. He also has to be entertaining for her. If a woman only talks to you and you're the only man in her life and there's never any drama or there's never any, I wouldn't say conflict. I'm not saying I should certainly start an argument, but if there's never any drama because drama is excitement, then they're gonna naturally try and find drama somewhere else and that always ends very badly for the man. You don't want let the try and find drama outside of the relationship. Women sit there.  watch the Kardashians all day. They're addicted to dramas, what they care about. So if you're a woman's entire world, you also have to be the person who can, you have to shock her a bit. You need to be entertaining, all encompassing from head to toe. Women want to be with a man which keeps them entertained and a man which they trust and a man which they believe can fix all of their problems. This is another important thing. If a woman comes to you with an issue and you can't fix it, you'll see very quickly how soon they lose a track. But truthfully, it doesn't matter if it's getting a girl or it's making money or it's getting status. It doesn't matter what it is. As a man, we live in hyper competitive environments. I don't think enough men understand how competitive the world is. If you want a girl, you're competing against other men. You're not the only man who had the idea of getting that girl. There's no girl you're gonna see and go, oh, I'll get that girl and didn't cross anyone else's mind. Everybody else wants her. You have to outcompete other men. You have to be as competitive as possible. You have to be as successful as possible in all realms. You have to be as good looking, as funny, as smart, as spontaneous, as interesting, as charismatic, as rich, as possible. You need to try very hard to be your absolute best.  and as you become a better man, you'll crack through different tiers of attractiveness and eventually you get to the top and you'll be able to have any girl you want. But the truth is, I have a lot of guys ask me, similar to your question, a guy will come to me and go, how do I get a girl? My bro, you're a loser. Yeah, but I know, but how do I get a girl? Well, you're a loser. You're a loser. Why are you asking me? It's like saying, how do I win a race with a push bike? You're racing for R.E.'s. What do you want me to do? There's only so much you can do. It's only so hard you can pedal. There's only so many tricks and tips. There's only so many game things you can say, so many pickup lines. If you're a loser, it's going to be very, very difficult and it's going to get harder and harder. The game is rigged to become harder and harder for men. It's not getting easier. It's going the other way. And if you're going to be on a race track and there's going to be Ferraris there and you're going to be on a pedal bike or in a Nissan, you're going to get smoked. That's the game. You have to improve yourself. I'm not going to lie to anybody here and say you don't have to improve yourself. You can stay a loser and get chicks because you can. You need to be a man worthy of respect because a woman needs to respect you to love you. And the way a woman's going to respect you is one of your...  respect yourself and two of other men respect you. You're not just gonna be able to sit around and just think just because you're born with it, you're gonna instantly get respect from females who have unlimited choice. That's stupid, right? That's absolutely stupid. And in spite of all these facts, some men are still remarkably lazy. Well, then you're gonna live the reality that you've painted. You made your bed and you're gonna live in it. That there's nothing else we can do for you. That's the reality of the world. You need to level up as a man. If any man who's watching this, it's not just money. It's not just being in shape. It's everything. It's life experience. It's pizzazz. It's having that famous. Any emotion you feel should be converted into positive. Influencing. Yeah, you should do good things with any emotion you feel. I can't, and what else are you gonna do with it? And this is a genuine question. What else, let's say your wife breaks your heart. If you're not gonna work, you can't sleep anymore. You're upset. She's running around with a new dude. You see her Instagram story. She got some new guy. You're furious and you're, you're, you're,  You're angry and you're jealous and you're bitter. You have all of this inside of you, but you're not gonna go to the gym and work hard and become so fantastically in shape and so rich and so powerful that no girl ever leaves you again. You're not gonna do that. What are you gonna do with it? Text her? Try and explain to her. She doesn't care. Like you can write the most perfect English. You can write the most beautiful words ever constructed. Forget Shakespeare. You can do, you can do, you can do my, she doesn't care. She just doesn't care, she's distracted. She forgot about you. She forgot about you. So what are you gonna do with all of that inside of you if it's not positive? Well, it's gonna consume you and you're gonna end up self-destructive or you're gonna embarrass yourself or you can take all of that and you put yourself in a position where it never happens to you again. Those are the choices. So what's the most intelligent choice to make? You know, I don't understand how many humans function in the world today. I don't get people who don't think like me. I don't understand them.  Well, then how do, how have you survived this long? Life is hard. Life is difficult. Maybe I've just been unlucky, which I don't believe in, but I've had so much trauma and bad events and negativity and stress and all these things that happened to me and I've used all of it to be monumentally successful. If I wasn't that way inclined with the workload that God put on my shoulders, I'd just be in a ditch somewhere. I'd be able to kill myself by now. Like, I don't understand how people are functioning. If you're not thinking like me and you're going through life with any other mindset, you've been extremely fortunate that God smiled on you and allowed you to sit around most of the time doing jack shit and you have yet to be punished for that. I could never have lived that life. If I was a bit lazy or a bit, you know, or I was a bit of a snake or if I lied to people, I'd be dead by now. Like so a lot of these people are just absolutely not least blessed by God that they managed to go through life with such a non-competitive mindset and they still breathing. Like, I don't understand how people can think any other way.  I've spoken to dudes and like, yeah, you know, I had a bad couple months. Why? My girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months over some f***ing. But the reason I'm the luckiest man on earth is because God has given me endless building blocks to build a superhero. He's given me endless power. He's given me endless motivation. What do we say? He's given me endless. I have endless sources of power. I can sit here right now and recall events that will prevent me from sleeping for two to three days. That gives me a superpower that other men do not have. They want to go to sleep. They're tired. I can stop being tired for days at a time. I can just have a thought. I can remember. I can sit, close my eyes and use the power of my brain to vividly remember events and I will not sleep for days. So how do you need any drugs or any things? I've never taken a drug in my life. I never tried cocaine in my life. I never tried weed in my life ever. Wow. I drink a lot of coffee. I smoke cigars, bit of vodka, but I've never tried narcotic in my life. So when people come to me and say, oh, this happened. I'm really sad or my heart broke or this bad thing happened to me. I said, good.  Good. Thank the Lord that he's given you this endless source of motivation. You're wasting it. That's your problem But it's been given to you nitrous oxide has been given to you You just have to use it in the correct way So I'm the luckiest man in the world because all the bad things that happened to me have given me all the building blocks to become the most Fantastic man on the face of the planet Every I there's I don't think there's ever gonna be one person on the planet you're truly compatible with I think there's gonna be you know a few and If you have your life in order as a man truly completely in order than you're compatible with a lot more people I think that if you're a man and you're struggling to find somebody you're compatible with that's probably because you're a degree your loser If your life's in order then you're compatible with with a lot of women like me for example I don't need a woman to mother me. I don't need a woman to motivate me to tell me to stop playing video games I don't need to do anything for me. I need her to be happy Positive protect my spirit pray for me. Maybe little things make me a coffee some kind of small gesture But my money's right my motivation's right my life is right and  And if she is associated with me, by proxy, she's gonna have a fantastic life. I can't fly on my jet and put her on an easy jet. Like she's gonna end up on jets. She's gonna end up in the five star hotels. She's gonna end up not having to worry about money. She's gonna end up in the best restaurants. By proxy, she's gonna have a very fantastic life. So you'll find that if your expectations of a woman are for her to be happy and you have a lifestyle that makes her happy, a lot of women are pretty happy. And you get along with basically all of them. It's kind of amazing how that works. It only, it takes a very special type of character to still be dislikable in those kind of scenarios. Whereas if your life is less perfect for your realities, less impressive, then yeah, then you need a girl who's happy to be bored or hot and then it becomes harder. But I don't have any of those problems. That's when the amazing things happen in my life. When I was heartbroken, when I was whatever, everyone's been heartbroken. I can't remember a specific example. I hit the gym harder, right? If something goes on with your pain and poster, that's when you get fucking invented. That's business, right? That's when you get inventive. All the bad things I have.  you as a man, if you're stowing, you get to take unlimited energy. And it's actually interesting because a lot of men want to brag to women because we want to show status. So you want to sit there and brag about all the good things you do, but there is a downside to that. There is a degree of downside. I was in Moldova. No, I think that I was in Constanto, Romania. Nine years ago, before I moved there, and I was in a club, and I must have been the only foreign person in the club, and there was 11 out of 10 Moldova. Most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. And I went over and I tried to talk to her and she said, yeah, I only drink champagne. And at the time, I didn't have the much money. I said, I only drink champagne. Well, I'm finished drinking for the night. It's very nice to meet you because I couldn't afford to buy a champagne for the styling. So it's like, I don't have any, I said, I'm finished drinking for the night. It's very nice to meet you. What's your name? Okay, best meet you. Left the club, whatever. Next day, I came, I saw her on this table, champagne show, champagne show, champagne show, champagne show. Next table, champagne show. And while she was doing all this, I was, we were kind of catching each other's eye, looking a little bit a couple of times I caught her at lunch, because Santa's like a beach down. I caught her lunch, I spoke for a little bit.  And she kept asking me for champagne. I was like, listen, you are absolutely gorgeous. I think you and I are going to have a long and happy future together. But I'm not going to buy you champagne. Heartbreak is unlimited energy. So is depression. So is rage. So is sadness. All these negative emotions they tell you to collapse behind. It's like people talk like, Percy says be like water. And people see that as be fluid and just go with the flow. I disagree. If you're like water, you are your necessary for life. You are scary when you're enraged. You're powerful. You're beautiful when you're calm. You're so many things when you're like water. So if I'm enraged, it's like water behind a dam. You just got to put the dam in place. You go, get the church bar behind your electric, but it doesn't stop in your life. Let me energy something. I don't like it. If I don't like something, that's enough. I don't need any more justification than I don't like it. I think a lot of guys don't get that. Maybe you can help them.  One is that, this is the most important, is that women are never single. A woman is never single. The idea of a woman, like a man, going six or seven months without talking to, dating, fucking an ex, messaging some guy, they are constantly either talking to a guy, sleeping with a guy, even if they're not fucking anyone, they're talking to five or six guys on Instagram, women are never single, which means every single time you get a girl, you're taking her from other guy. She likes you the most, which also means that even if she's with you, when she's around other men, she's still potable. Would you want your girl being friends with me? No, you wouldn't, because you know I'm gonna do. So, this is the first thing, so women are never single, so this is why the idea of her hang all the bunch of dudes is not acceptable in the first place. And she's gonna come out and go, they're just my friends. You may pretend to think they don't wanna see, you know that, you may pretend to think that, but they don't,  view you as a friend who's the person. The second thing, women will come at you and say, why are you jealous? I say, no, I'm not jealous. I'm territorial about things I care about. For the same reason, she goes, well, but don't you trust me? It says nothing to do with trust. I trust the locks on my Lamborghini, but I wouldn't let people try and break in. I'd say, get some fuck away from my car. Right. Not yours. So for the same reason, even though I trust the security system on my car, and I trust, even though I don't trust her, I'll stay on food. I trust your internal security system. I'm not going to let people be disrespectful to me as a man and open and try and poach something that's mine. That's disrespectful. I'll message you. We'll be sitting the same room. What's happening? There's people. Los lips sink ships. Doesn't matter if you're doing nothing wrong. Don't be careful. Who you're talking around. They listen into shit. And in the modern world, they record shit. You don't want to do what's even if it's a 0.1% chance, but what's the upside? Like, there's no upside to why take the 1% chance?  I'm very, very careful and especially with women, not because they're necessarily malicious, because women in general don't have to worry about certain things I'm talking about in terms of professionalism. There's a whole bunch of beautiful, smart, great women out there who just go for life and they're just Instagram, I never where they go and if they're other keys and doot, doot, doot, doot, doot. And if she's too close to your circles, she's just an in, it's an in to get you. And you gotta be careful and it's amazing whether it's the 1970s Soviet spies or the 2022 mafia, when they wanna get a dude, it's a chick. You either send a new chick or you watch his old chick or you find his girlfriend even about 100 today. The cells want him by the police, they couldn't find him. Who's his girl? And the women I associate with have enough respect for me to go, okay, I don't know. Fine, just, I love you, love you. When they arrested El Chapo's girl, didn't she say I didn't know his criminal, I thought it was a chef, she's some shit. I'm like, it's perfect, perfect, she has even no lie anymore. He's a chef, he told me to chef. He's a chef. He's a billionaire chef. He's a chef. He's a chef.  But what did happen though, like I said earlier, is when you have experience with lots of different hapers, you know what a good one in the bad one is. So when we say we all had that girl, we messed up when we were young. If I found another girl with those qualities, I certainly wouldn't mess it up. You just need experience to understand what you have to value it. If you don't have experience, you don't value what you have. So the original questions are really good ones. Whether men are chained and enslaved by their desires, or whether they need to sink lots of women. I think in the modern world you need experience. You need choices and you need options. Well, if you live by the sword, you die by the sword. If you're going to be the guy who's also out there in the club and sink with those girls, talking to those girls, there's going to be time to lose a girl that you don't want to lose. You can't be a coward about it. If you live by the sword, you die by the sword. There's up and down, there's rain and sunshine. You have to be that man who's going to go through it all. And then when you've been through enough of it, like I have, like I said, if I find a beautiful girl now who's a 10 and leads and doesn't want Instagram, that's worth more to me than a thousand stupor stuff. Well, emotions are feedback. The idea that men don't feel emotions is incorrect. We feel emotions.  I would actually argue, if you feel emotions, is in certain, with certain emotions stronger than women, I would argue that we feel part break stronger than women. I would argue we feel anger, like a woman could never understand. I would argue we are extremely emotional. Raise. Raise, pure range. It's feedback. So when you get the feedback, it's all about how you internalize that and how you process it. It's having stoicism's not feeling emotions. It's feeling the emotion, you're going, OK, why is this happening? How much does this really matter? What's the most intelligent we want to justify? All of this is my fault. But the Bugatti on my drive is my fault. And the Yacht is my fault. Private Jets is my fault. So it's all my fault. So I take the good with the bad. I take all responsibility for absolutely everything, including if a woman leaves me, if a woman stays, if I end up heartbroken, if I end up filled with rage, I take responsibility. If something happens to me that makes me enraged, I will take responsibility. Why has this happened to me? Why do I feel this way? How did I end up in this position? Is this healthy in this scenario? And sometimes it is.  If you lose, no matter how well you play, if you lose, at some point you made a mistake, even if it is the most minor mistake, you made a mistake. So you learn to understand that no matter what happens to you, if you lose a scenario, you made a mistake. I've had scenarios in my life while I was prepared to die to protect somebody else, and I was enraged, and it was healthy. I've also had times where I'm in a room by myself, they're enraged, shit, and they're going, this is no good for anybody. I need to just call the fuck down. So emotions are feedback, but stoicism's the ability to process, and that's what you need to learn as a man. You're never going to be able to turn them off. You're going to feel them. You have to learn how to turn, you have to learn how to process them, and turn them into a positive. It's energy, it's unlimited energy. I say this all the time. I say that the biggest periods of transformation in my life is when everything was going wrong. When my life was going good, when life smooth, that is semi-head andistic, pretty relaxed. But when I make my biggest progress, when I really change who I am and change the world, that's when everything's fucked. When things go wrong.  or I'm feeling things I don't want to feel, or bad things are happening. That's where I'm like, okay, I concur, I currently can also. I've completed the day's tasks. I've tried to go to bed, I can't sit. People messaged me all the time, like, oh, I'm gonna take you, don't know how sad I feel. No, it's been correct. I know exactly how sad. Differences I used to. And you're sitting here still crying, some random guy on email for about third month in a row. That's the difference between you and me, my friend. I was coming into the world, and I'd been kicked off soon. And she kept asking me for champagne. I was like, listen, you are absolutely gorgeous. I think you and I are gonna have a long, and happy future together. But I'm not gonna buy you champagne. Tell you why later, but mystery, I can't tell you broke, right? I'm a mystery student. But I'm gonna tell you why I don't buy champagne later as a long, interesting story. Once I can trust you, I'll tell you why I'm a relationship. You can trust me now, I will tell you. The style of, style of, style. Anyway, as we go to know each other, I call this a summer. Eventually when we became friends, she came clean. She works at a club, she has commission on champagne. Of course, of course. The girl's at the club, her white champagne for this thing.  gets a commission per ball. What was interesting is this, she had on her phone a system. So she'd meet you and buy your drinks the first night. You go a separate date the second night you buy her drinks. Third day she'd send a pre-decide already in her notes how you live far away and you're she can fall in love again she's a woman one man in her whole life she falls in love with you she's gonna have her heart broken and she's scared and then she'll ghost you for three days. Then eventually after begging you get her back she wants to come but not on her own because she's scared she wants to bring free friends and she'll look at this restaurant she wants to bring this champagne. But when a commission commission commission and she'll show me on her Facebook message every dude playbook every fucking guy. I don't know if that was deliberately driven by heartbreak I think I was just younger and I had less serious motivations and I was less and I wasn't as famous and I wasn't as rich and I was less interested in so it's not just my current situation that makes me say this I would say this to any man.  If your woman wouldn't wait for you, if you went to jail for five years, why you with her? Why? If she wouldn't wait, I know she's hot, I know she's funny, I know she makes you laugh. But if you can't sit in that jail cell with 100% certainty that she's not out with her friends, them in her ear, talking shit, watching sex and see whatever it is, and her ending up with some other guy. Why are you even buying her dinner for what sex? Like that loyalty to me is the only thing left that's valuable. When I'm interested in her in jail, we're sitting there saying we have so much better than most guys. Because most guys in jail, imagine you're a normal person you go to jail, who's feeding your family? Who's paying the rent? Who's feeding your kids? I said, Tristan, we're in jail and we're suffering. Everybody we love is good. I'm a man, I'm supposed to suffer. I'll sit here with the cockroaches. If that means all my kids eat, everyone I care about eats, my mother's fed, my mother has a house roof over her head, everybody has everything they want.  Suffering is me. I'll take that all day. Most men of go to jail can't say that. Another thing that gave me absolute peace of mind is the women who love me are waiting for me. Imagine you go to jail and your completely heads over heels and love of the woman but you know deep in your heart she's out in the club and she's she's a stealable. You talk about we talk about thoughts you can't get out of your head in jail. If you had the nagging thought in your head I loved her she cheated on me before maybe she cheated again she's written me in three days plus jail. That's why they're all crying. That's why all the men in there were sobbing. They're wives are either fucking someone else or the bills ain't paid. It's not just his situation is everything else. So now if you're gonna say to me what do I respect in a woman? I respect the woman who's gonna wait for me. I have no interest in a woman. Oh she's funny. She's cool. She's hot. Don't care. Don't care. Is she going to wait for me? And I also know because of my experience which ones would and which ones wouldn't. I'm not stupid because they'll all say they would. They'll all say they'll wait because they're on the jack but I know which ones are lying.  because enough women have lied to me. I see it. So you do need that experience, but once you have the experience, you start looking for completely other things. And there's two choices. I either care about you and I'm territory. Well, I don't care about you and I'm not. Exactly. You can make the choice. If you really want to handle those dudes, I might even say we can't talk. I'm not saying that no problem. They don't like me to give a fuck about you in the way I could give a fuck about. And when you tell women, this is one of the key things. When you tell women, I will care about you less if you act x-way. It's very hard for them to act that way because they want you to care. They want that emotional energy from you. You're like, you're making a choice that's going to end in a detriment to how much I give a fuck about you. And if they make that choice, you have to act according. If she makes that choice, you keep acting like you're lover, and she ain't going to feel it. She has to feel it. You know, this is the second thing about the whole thing. That's really crazy. This whole male friend's thing. Third thing. It's never been normal. This is some new thinkable.  I'm like, Jesus, this has never been normal. And I always say to girls, I say, does your mother hang around with a bunch of guys? So what do you mean? Well, your mother's with your dad most. Yeah. Is your mom, your mom's with your dad. What would your dad say if your mom went out part in the middle of the gym? Right. I say that. And they actually go, yo, no, no. They actually, the idea of their mother doing that, actually offends them. Right. No, no, like that's the, so what the fuck are you doing it? I'm proud of myself. And I deserve to be. Most people don't deserve to be proud of themselves. And that's the truth. A lot of people say, oh, you know, I have confidence issues. And I say, if I was you, I would have confidence issues. Of course, I don't. I completely understand what you have confidence issues. You're a dork. But we have to be realistic here. We have to be absolutely not really realistic, because the world is brutal and it's harsh. If you're not proud of yourself, you probably don't deserve to be proud of yourself. So you're not going to feel happy. And you just talked about confidence. Confidence comes from competence. The reason I'm confident is because I'm good at everything. I'm good at everything I do. The things I'm not good at, I'm not confident.  and of course, and I know what they are, I don't do them very often. I've now created my reality to the point where I don't do anything I'm not good at. You hire your just hire. I hire hire, I just don't wanna do it. Like I don't play darts. I'm not good at darts, right? I do what I'm good at. So yeah, I'm absolutely not really confident because I'm absolutely not really competent and that takes practice and discipline and motivation and you need to fail a few times, you need to get up. And like I said earlier, when I learned my entire mindset and professional fighting and chess, the two combined, that's so it comes down to. And when people say, oh, I have confidence issues, usually I can look them up and down and say, yeah, if I was you, I would completely and utterly struggle with confidence issues because the world is competitive and there's men like me on the planet and friends like mine on the planet and you're competing against us for money, for girls, for status, for resource, and you're gonna be destroyed and decimated the entire time. So of course you have confidence issues when you can be annihilated in real time by the competitor. Why wouldn't you have confidence issues? You'd be psychopathic not to. Yeah, that makes sense. So maybe that, that.  and confidence is a good motivation for them. Well, it's supposed to be. This is the thing that I don't truly understand. If I'm unhappy with something and I'm uncomfortable with something, that I fix it, that's endless motivation, which I don't truly believe in as a concept, but that's endless fuel for the fire. If I was unhappy with something about myself, regardless of what it was, I would be able to take all of that discomfort and turn it into endless energy to get the problem fixed. But these people seem to... It doesn't need to be unhappy. Yeah, well, these people seem to sit and say, I'm really unhappy with X, but then stay doing X. So I don't believe they're truly actually unhappy. What you'll notice if you live life long enough is that somebody will sit and say to you, I'm unhappy being a loser. So why are you a loser? I just sit at home and play video games seven days a week. And you're like, okay. And maybe three days of the week, they're unhappy doing that. And that's the time they email you and that's the time they want to make a change. But four days of the week, it doesn't really bother them. It doesn't really bother them. Because if it bothered them seven days a week,  Guess what? They would fix it. Correct. So I have very little sympathy for people, and that's not because I'm not a nice person, but it's because I've been so hard on myself, and I've been through so many things that were difficult, and I've been through so much pain and trauma myself, some of it self-inflicted, some of it given to me by God to make me a better person. But I've been so difficult on myself. It's very hard for me to look at somebody who's refused to be difficult on themselves and see them as my equal or feel sympathy or pity for them. Well, I would feel pity for somebody who took the easy route when I took the hardest possible route. I took the hardest possible way to be the man I am, and you were too big of a ****, and now you want me to feel sorry for you? I don't feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry for these people. And because as a man, you can be anything you decide you want to be, that's the beauty of being a male. You can build your character completely from the ground up, just a video game. Every single thing about me that people respect I built. I was not born a world champion kickboxer. I was not born this intelligent or intellectual. I was not born this rich. I was not born this strong. I was not born this confident. I was...  I was not born this interesting. I was not born as charismatic and humble and gorgeous and tall and strong and sexy. I was not born none of these things. I became these things myself. So I deserve all the spoils of war. And anybody who decides they don't want to work hard enough to become those things, then they deserve to sit and accept their mind, fear, that's their problem. When I didn't have enough money to buy whatever I wanted, I couldn't fall asleep at night. Because I understood there are people out there that did, and I didn't see them as better than me. And I thought, why are these people who I don't see as my superior living in an experience that I can't live? And it bothered me to the point where I could not sleep. So yeah, that was real. When you talk about suffering mentally, I don't really consider that suffering. I did, I have had a very painful life. I still think to a degree I do, but that self inflicted. But I can't imagine living in any other way. I can't imagine living in this idea, this utopian, ha ha, everyday, just girls drink, head and his own. I don't have to. Yeah, it's degenerate. I'm always, I think the,  The only thing you can do that's not to generate is usually be fighting a battle or solving a problem. Yeah, growth. Yeah, so you need to either fight a battle or solve a problem to avoid degeneracy, which means I'm constantly looking for them. I'm currently one of the largest battles that you can possibly take on. I'm taking on the matrix. It was powerful people on the planet. So yeah, is my life difficult? Yeah. Am I complaining about that? No, in fact, I'd hate you for it to be any other way. I was now the oldest man alive in the Tape family. I had to look after my mother and my siblings and take care of people. I had to make a choice. Do I fly back to America and spend money and time and go to this funeral and waste a few weeks? Or do I sit here and just focus on this enterprise and make sure that it cannot fail? And we talked earlier about speed. Most people go, that's only two weeks. It's only a week. It's only a week. The people who say it's only a week or the people who are broke. Did all that other time? That's the reason you're all poor, because you say it's only a week. So almost tomorrow, oh, I'll do it later. It's only an hour. It's only a day. It's only a minute you're competing against people like me. We do not waste a second.  So I had to make a decision. And I decided that as the oldest man in the family, it's more important that I achieve financial stability for all of us than to go and pay respect to my father and his funeral because I paid respect to him every single day of his life. And I pay respect to his memory every single day now. And I pay respect to him by being monumentally successful. The reason my father has talked about and discussed at length is because of the absolutely amazing son I've become. I am keeping him alive forever by working so hard, by becoming so unique and individual and fantastic and humble. That's what I was taught to do. I was upset, obviously. I was sad, obviously. I was heartbroken, of course. But I took all of that energy. And I worked harder than I've ever worked. I worked 22 hour days for months because I couldn't sleep. And I became one of the most successful people on the planet. You are failing yourself and God. That's why she left you, Aiden. That's why she left you. It's why. Because I failed God. I'm correct. You're failing God. If you were the best version of yourself and you were waking up every day trying your...  absolute best of you unique and special individual, then you would not be failing godly longer and he would not play you with this bad luck. Now you're sitting here upset over some bitch who has replaced you and you deserve it. So what do I do, Andrew? I've told you what to do. I told you what to do since we've ever started fucking talking. I told you to become a man of substance. I said come here and I will train you. I'll turn you into an animal, a predator or a monster. Yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe later, soy latte please from Starbucks. You're a fuck up, Aiden. You're a fuck up. First things first is that going through a breakup sucks and every single man out here, no matter what they say, understands how bad it is to go through a breakup and understands what heart breaks like. It's difficult. It's not easy. I'd actually like to argue that men feel more heartbroken than women. I think that's, I think it's true and I think it's because one of the possessive element that we have, the idea of the idea of her being with someone else hurts more than the idea of you being with someone else to her. And secondly, because you have a lot less options than she has instantly. So I think that breakup's a worse for men than the  women and I understand how difficult and hard they can be. However, the unfortunate reality is that chasing her and being dedicated to her and saying you're going to do whatever she wants, etc., is very unlikely to work. It's very unlikely to work and you have to look at the scenario you're in, look at the chessboard and make the best possible move. When you're heartbroken, you, when you're truly heartbroken, you can't even sleep and your mind is constantly preoccupied. Instead of seeing that as a negative, what you need to do is use it as a source of unlimited power. If I was truly heartbroken today, let's imagine, and I could barely sleep, I'd be in better shape than I've ever been. I'd train like a fucking animal. You have to just take the energy inside of you. Energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted, whether it's heat into light or the momentum into friction or whatever, whatever you, however you want to put it, right? Energy cannot be destroyed. It can only be converted from one form to another and you have to look at that and understand that the sadness inside of you is energy. You can't destroy it, but you can convert it into something else which is constructive and you just have to suck it up.  but are copying it over it. And there's no other way to do it. And obviously having abundance of women makes it easier, but I wouldn't even put it that way. I'd say if you were with a woman and you lost her and you're now lonely and she's gonna be moving on and you're absolutely heartbroken and you're destroyed inside, I understand how difficult that is, but now you have genuine sadness inside of you, which is unlimited motivation for you to become a fucking beast, become an animal. And by the time you're finished becoming an animal, you won't care anymore. So if you really wanna cure yourself, you just say I'm gonna get a six pack and I'm gonna get bigger arms. And by the time I arms are this size and I have a six pack, then I'm gonna think about that bitch. And you'll realize that you don't give a shit about her anymore, that's just the way the world works. The idea that men don't feel emotions is incorrect. We feel emotions. I would actually argue, we feel emotions. And with certain emotions stronger than women, I would argue that we feel heartbreak stronger than women. I would argue we feel anger like a woman could never understand. I would argue we are extremely emotional. Great, great, pure rage. Well, it's feedback. So when you get the feedback, it's all about how you internalize that, how you process it, right? It's having stoicism's not feeling emotions. Okay, why is...  is happening? How much does this really matter? What's the most intelligent move on the chest? Chest is a fantastic game because in the game of chests, there's no, there's no longer. If you lose, no matter how well you play, if you lose, at some point, you made a mistake. It is the most minor mistake. You made a mistake. So you learn to understand that no matter what happens to you, if you lose a scenario, you made a mistake. Maybe it's a tiny one, maybe it was two years ago, whatever, what you made a mistake and you learn absolute and our accountability here. So at that mentality, it's extremely powerful to apply for all things in life. The position I'm in now is the most hated man in the world. Although I agree and I truly believe it's unfair, I still take complete responsibility for. I'm not going to say, I'm telling you why it happened when I talk about TikTok, YouTube, but I'm not going to blame it. Absolutely. There are company making money and are monetizing the best they can. Fantastic. All of this is my fault. But the vougadio my drive is my fault. And the yacht is my fault. Private jet's fault. So it's all my fault. So  If I take the good with the bad, I think all responsibility for absolutely everything. Including, if a woman leaves me, if a woman stays, if I end up heartbroken, if I end up filled with rage, I take responsibility for that. Something happens to me that makes me enraged. I will take responsibility. Why has this happened to me? Why do I feel this way? How did I end up in this position? Any emotion you feel should be converted into positive influences. Yeah, you should do good things with any emotion you feel. I can't... What else are you going to do with it? And this is a genuine question. What else... Let's say your wife breaks your heart. If you're not going to work, you can't sleep anymore. You're upset. She's running around with a new dude. You see her Instagram story. She goes on a new guy. You're furious and you're angry and you're jealous and you're bitter. You have all of this inside of you. But you're not going to go to the gym and work hard and become so fantastically in shape and so rich and so powerful that no girl ever leaves you again. You're not going to do that. What are you going to do with it?  Texture Trying to explain to her she doesn't care like you can write the most perfect English You can write the most beautiful words ever constructed forget shakes in here. You can do you it doesn't matter She doesn't care. She just doesn't care. She's distracted. She forgot about you So what are you gonna do with all of that inside of you if it's not positive? Well, it's gonna consume you and you're gonna end up self-destructive Or you're gonna embarrass yourself or you can take all of that and put yourself in a position where it never happens To you again. Yeah, those are the choices. So what's the most intelligent choice to make? Yeah, you know? Um, I don't understand how many humans function in the world today I don't get people who don't think like me. I don't understand it I'm like well, then how do how have you survived this long life is hard life is difficult Maybe I've just been unlucky, which I don't believe in but I've had so much trauma and bad events and Negativity and stress and all these things that happen to me  and I've used all of it to be monumentally successful. If I wasn't that way inclined, with the workload that God put on my shoulders, I'd just be in a ditch somewhere. I'd just want to kill myself by now. Like, I don't understand how people are functioning. If you're not thinking like me, and you're going through life with any other mindset, you've been extremely fortunate that God smiled on you and allowed you to sit around most of the time doing jack shit, and you have yet to be punished for that.