 People will constantly tell you to not talk in a way which is full of conviction. People don't like you to have the arrogant and have the ego. This is the worst thing ever. Let me tell you the fact, number one, fast at the G mindset. Your life is never going to be worse. If you walk through the world believing you are the fucking man. You wake up and look in the mirror and go, I'm the fucking man. I am the man. There's no one on this planet who can do shit. I couldn't do if I put my mind to it. I don't give a fuck how good you are a piano. If I decide to play piano, I would be better than you are a piano. And I believe that. I don't just say these things. I fucking believe them. And when you go through life believing you really, really are the man. There are very few downsides. Downsides are everyone's been calling you an American. Everyone's been calling you an American. Everyone's been calling you a dickhead. Everyone's been saying he has a big ego. You're going to lose a few loser things. Who cares? Who cares?  are gonna gain is other people in the same path. We're gonna get other people to think, yeah, we're on the fucking man too, this guy's the man that's making some money. That's what's gonna happen. So the first thing you do with Luigi might say, you need to stop believing, you are all of that man. Even if you're not the man yet, even before I was world champion, I knew I was gonna be the man. So I don't give a fuck. And I was happy to say that to anybody. When people called me Aryan, I'm stupid and deluded. I just sit there and look at them and say, I fuck you, I'm gonna be one. First thing you do have to believe you're the fucking man, you can achieve anything. And when I say that, I don't wanna say that again. You have to believe you're the fucking man, and you have to believe you can achieve anything. I'm not saying you can achieve anything easily. I'm not saying it's not gonna take a whole bunch of work. I'm not saying it's gonna happen quickly. You have to believe you can achieve anything. Take something now. I don't go fucking to be an astronaut. I don't care about climbing Mount Everest. You give me enough time to train. I will get it done. I know that for a fact, I don't know who I am.  as a man, as to first thing. The second thing is, you need to be perspicacious. You need to understand that in this world, there's a whole bunch of people do it, amazing shit that you are not doing. And that needs to piss you off. Because that pisses you off, you become motivated all of a sudden. I was the only one who was pissed off when I asked him not to be next to him, had my sales job. I was the only one who was pissed off when I saw that Ferrari drive gas. Other people were not annoyed by it. And they were not annoyed by it. They're not driven to beat it. You understand they're not driven to be without person was. You need to be annoyed. And I'm telling you, I'm telling you to be angry. Anger is a fantastic force. Like I said, the world tells you not to be arrogant, tells you not to be angry. There's two things it tells you to do. Don't be arrogant, don't have an evil. And you don't have anger. You're a fucking man. You're a full grown man. There's perfectly fine food to be pissed off. There's perfectly fine food to look around at your life. Look at the girl you're fucking. Look at the house you live in. Look at the car you drive. And get pissed off. Although you know what, I want a hopper bitch. I want a fucking nicer house. I want a faster car. There's nothing wrong. If you take that anger and you direct it.  in the correct direction. This is the reason I stopped fighting now. People go, why do you stop fighting us? Because I fought and I went through hell to get everything I now have. I had nothing when I fought. I had nothing. And I wanted the life I now have. Now I wake up in one of my three mansions with the Ronald 7 Super Brothers, I'm at 15 minutes. What do I need to fight for? People have different motivations and different things to some fighters out there and you fight for other reasons. My motivation was I was pissed off at the world. And now I'm not as angry as I used to be. So I thought believe I was going to fight for it as I used to be. I also whoops mass. I'm not as good as I used to be. So I decided to retire earlier. But this is the second thing. First thing, you need to be the man. Second thing, you need to get angry about your situation. And you don't own home you're in, get pissed off. If there are a Ferrari on your drive, get pissed off. If you don't have 10 Playboy-Bunning level beauties, get pissed off. And then what the fuck? You need to sit there and realize, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I have a few years of consciousness. And even less than that, I have a few short years as a young man.  because age will damage you. I mean, if you're a millionaire under 60, it's not nearly as good as being a millionaire at my age. I became a millionaire 28. So you need to realize you've got a few short years of young man, you're fucking wasting him. You need to sit there and go fuck, shit, get angry. He's getting angry, forced, directed angry is an extremely powerful force. These are the first two things you need to do for change. The only person who gives a shit about your life truly is you. And if you don't give a shit, then you're fucked. But point two, get angry, you're gonna start giving a shit very soon. And after you get angry, you need to realize that nobody is gonna give you the things you want. It doesn't matter, Donald Trump is president, I'm not. You've used Trump's man, and it doesn't make a difference. No politician is gonna make you age. No one else is gonna come along and say, I'm gonna go, clomp some straight line after I fix you real life. Nobody has to understand you're out here alone, absolutely.  When you understand your three things, you start to see how a mindset comes together. Nobody's gonna save you. Your fault is totally down with you. Pist off of your current situation and you wanna change it. Plus you believe you can do absolute everything. This is how I thought I 18 years old. Because at a very young age when I had my prime resource of energy and power at 18, 19 years old, I understood those three tenants. I believe I can do anything. I'm pissed off I don't have the life I want. And nobody else is gonna give it to me. These are three things you need to understand. If any one of these elements is missing, you'll never have the right mindset. The G-line set will never formulate any one of these elements is missing. All three are absolutely essential. And as soon as you get your act together, as soon as you start to panic and worry and be concerned that you're 24-25, you're not fucking rich yet. There's 24 and 25 year olds out there who got a contract for a fucking NBA. With a parent so they run the law or you know as well. This 24 and 25 year olds out there, you're a multi.  The millionaires fucking the hot models. These Instagram girls with three million followers, they're getting dicked by someone and it ain't you. And that needs to piss you off. You need to get concerned. You get worried, you shit, I'm not in a time. You need to get some urgency in your life. Put these three things together as absolutely essential. This is the beginning of the G-Mikes set. When you have these three things told me and done, I'll tell you what happens. It'll happen for me. So I became a sauer. So my brother should say you become a sauer. And what that means is I made a pact to him that my word was a break up. Strengthen our, and that if I said something, I meant it. So if I woke up to my brother, so I'm doing a thousand press shots, so I'm not in 20 miles. I would do it because if I didn't do it, I feel like a dickhead. Because when you instill these mindsets, when your mindset changes, you start to be extremely accountable for yourself. My lens comes at the same thing. It's extremely accountable. So when you realize that your words are not the same, then the few things you have on this planet, few say things, you're done for a stick and you're...  So they never become very easy to train. You say, I'm going to train every day this week. I'm trying to train for two hours a day. As soon as you set it, it's basically done. If I say something, it's basically done. It's set in stone. If I say something, I'm going to do it. There's no way I'm going to say, I'm going to make sasing words and speak them into existence on this planet. And then I'm going to be the kind of pussy you quiz, because it's too hard. If I say I'm going to do 10,000 push-ups, I'm going to do it. Because I'm the kind of person who sticks to the words he says. And this is another thing we've done, which is a very, very specific thing to do. If you're very, very specific to what we say, because if you can still your mindset correctly, and you start to just say things, just start saying things, then you hold yourself accountable. Say things you don't even think you want to do. Wake up and walk to your friend or your mom or whoever and say, you know what? I'm going to do a thousand push-ups today. Say it to people. And they're going to say, no, you're not. So watch this. And then you have a choice. We're either going to succeed like a G. We're going to be like pussy. We're going to quit at a 310th of this time. What kind of man it is? That's the decision you need to get. You're the kind of man I was.  I'd say shit and I fucking stick to it. My brother said, you become a sauer. I used to train my brother. He'd say, let's do five hundred. So let's do two thousand. He'd say, well, you've said it now. So we have to do it. He's like, exactly. I said it now. So now we have to do it. Where is no surrender? I have to be have to do it. There's another back set of G-Mine sets. Number four, you've got to start saying shit. And your word has to be iron. Unbreakable. I can never be depressed if I never slow down. Speed is extremely important. Speed defies gravity. How does a plane fly through the air and defy gravity? Speed. It's moving too fast to fall. If you're always attacking life, if you're always doing things, if you're always making more money, if you're always traveling the world doing this, doing that new car here, new podcast, me in James English.  boom, boom, boom. You know, if you're always doing things all the time, unhappiness can't catch you, but I also know that speed is a fantastic way to be happy all the time. I'm always in four worlds. I'm always looking forward to something. I wake up every day excited. I'll do this today. I'm going to this today. I'm going to this today. I very much live my life in a frame of, no, I have to do this. It's very much I get to do this. We don't live in a real world. We are living in a reality where we're told stories and narratives aren't true where they try very hard to distract us with garbage. Rihanna. I have nothing against Rihanna. Like I don't know where. But when I see a concert and I see hundreds of thousands of pions standing on my own pions. What are they? Pions is to people who go to these concerts. Right. Pion means peasant. Stand because that's his education in language. No, but they are peasants because they're acting in a peasant way. They're acting like peasants. Hundreds of thousands of people in a country.  proud, looking up at somebody like their God, jumping up and down for hours on end. You're a peasant. You're a peasant. And your life's shit. And you have no achievements, no money, you're depressed, but you're distracted. I am a feared competitor in anything I do. Anyone who's up against me at anything is going to feel a degree of nervousness just because it's me. It doesn't matter what it is. If you say, look, you're going to go learn how to play piano and you're going to play against someone else who's never played piano and you're going to learn. And that guy's entertained. You're going to be like, oh, fuck. Game play piano. But part of him is going to be like, ah, not tape. Because even though I have no piano experience, because they just know me, they know my mindset, they know my determination, they know I'm stubborn, they know I don't quit, they know I'm going to win. That's just who I am. So I've constructed a mental model that allows me to be competent and to always succeed. And that's how I've come to the conclusions I've come to. And I truly once again don't understand how people go to the world without within the other mental model.  I can ask all the time, what do you feel or what about happiness or depression? That doesn't even how I feel doesn't cross my mind. I don't know how I'll explain it. There are days where I'm pissed off or sad or happy. It doesn't cross my mind. It's just like, my woke up, whatever mood I happen to be in, I have things I need to do. It's a busy day. Zoobies here soon. I need to go training before he gets here. I didn't meet him with the bag at 7.15 am. I have shit to do. I didn't cross my mind at all. Happy, sad, excited. I just had to work. There's very few things in this life we actually have any control over. Let me tell you the fact the number one facet with G mindset. Your life is never going to be worse. If you walk through the world believing you are the man you wake up and look in the mirror and go on the end of man. I am the man. There's no one on this planet who can do. I couldn't do if I put my mind to it. There's another thing that a lot of people make a mistake with my talk. I'm like, oh, I have to go to work today.  Change your language. I get to go to work today. Imagine you had no job. Be worse, right? Because otherwise you wouldn't be working. So you get to go to work. Oh, I have to fix the car. At least you have a car. You get to fix your car. Most people don't but one. Oh, I have to go get the kids. You get to go get the kids because you have these beautiful children who love you. You understand? People's even their own language is wrong. The world is going to be framed. Maybe I'm completely crazy. Maybe I'm foolish. Like you said, maybe I am. But the frames I've installed in my mind are all beneficial to me. So if that makes me crazy and full of shit, good. Because I can't become depressed. So you can sit there and tell me I'm full of shit while you're depressed. And I'm happy. And I would never want to adopt the thinking of a depressed person. They've distracted you with this idol. Whoever it happens to be. Put them there. And the presents like yeah, it's and then they go home and they're told something by the news. Let's again, let's make up a completely false scenario. Be afraid of the common cold. Okay. And then anyone who comes  back and says, why are we afraid of the common goal? They delete their point of view. They shut them up to create a false reality. So people are living a life where they're working a job. They're being enslaved by the machines for their tasks. But their mind is distracted by garbage and only fed a fake story. And they're living inside of a computer generating simulation. They're living inside of a world that is not real. They don't live in a real world. A lot of people live inside of the matrix completely, especially to people who dislike me. So, I think my mental model to a degree, I'm certainly not a person who doesn't feel emotions because we're all human. I certainly do. But I never prioritize them in any regard. I haven't built a mental model that affects, I haven't put them in the middle of my mental model and that affected my actions based on how I feel for each one. It's absolutely completely the opposite. I would love to do a podcast on a day where I'm particularly sad and a podcast on a day when I'm particularly happy. And I guarantee you, do a mental  difference That's what allows me to be competitive right because if you're competitive you're gonna be the most competitive And pet a predator on the planet you used to be able to hunt in the day and the night you had to be able to do both You had to be able to perform when you're happy and sad You can't you can't only be able to perform when you're happy You can't only go to the gym when you're motivated you can't only be a competent person when your likes go and well Because when your life's not going well, you're no longer competent Then you're gonna lose to people like me and just player versus player if you're the kind of person You can only do well when you're happy and you're competing against someone like me You can do well all the time guess well you lose So my mental model the answer is most my opinions are just Faced around constructing a mental model that allows me to be brutally competitive. It's why I say depression isn't real I've argued this point endlessly and I try and explain to people but they're not smart enough to understand that I don't care if I'm wrong I don't care I get I am more competitive as an individual if I don't believe I can become depressed So I don't give a fuck if I'm right or wrong because no matter what bad happens to me in my life even  heaven forbid the worst things on earth that could happen happen to me I could never become clinically depressed because I would never self-diagnose myself as clinically depressed because I don't believe it. I believe I am catering currently sad but I have work to do and eventually I will feel better. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy just so they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah that's a scam. Or I don't work hard, I work smart. Bollocks more more cover. Anything it takes to say I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works more? I know harder. I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart and most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. Yeah I can be the most talented tennis player in the world but I don't play tennis so if I go down the tennis court Joe Schmoh is going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift. You understand? You have to do the hard work.  work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go, I work smart, I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I will never get to a point of absolute desperation and kill myself because I don't, I'm never gonna get to a point of hopelessness because I don't believe in the idea of hopelessness. You cannot try and make me a dog thinking that will reduce my competitiveness as an individual. A lot of bum-rong. I don't believe in it. That's it. And the story. So I don't believe in things that take power away from me. I don't believe in things that make me less competitive and I don't adopt mental models that make me less competitive. Every mental model I have are the most efficient ones I could find. There's a mental model I found that if I adopt I become a more fearsome predator. That's it. So this is how I've come to all of my conclusions as an individual. If you take a man and give him a life shielded from...  problems that he never has any to face. I guarantee you he's terrible at being a man. The best men in the world have gone through it. That's why women love scars because they didn't kill you. That's the whole point of it, right? So the best thing you can do as a man is look and go, okay, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard. I feel negative because these are also difficult. I'm struggling with XYZ. Let me internalize all of that and turn it into a superpower. Let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because like I said, the universe is absolutely and utterly very giving. And if you truly hated being in a position you were in, you wouldn't be there very long. Every time I feel stressed or under pressure, I get excited. I hate to not be stressed. I wake up and I'm like, everything's good. Yes, like this is how I am, right? It's how you look at the problems and how you use them to fuel you. So the question was, what's the problem for the average man today was the biggest problem? I think there's a whole host of problems. But what you have to do is frame it inside of your mind and understand that all of those problems are going to allow you to give you the fuel, the unlimited motivation that you need to become a successful and beautiful individual. If you frame it in the right...  the biggest problem that men face isn't the problems themselves. It's just a way that been taught to mentally frame issues. People think when bad things happen to them that somehow they're a victim to the universe and bad things only happen to me and this is so terrible they don't understand that bad things happened everybody in the most successful person you know had all those maybe even worse at least the same bad things happen to them they just framed it differently and used it. That's the difference. So I don't pray for an easy life. I pray for a life of difficulty that allows me to come a better and better person. I pray to become more competent to handle problems. I pray to put myself in a position where if the mass media machine attempts is very best to destroy my life I can laugh and smile from my villain to buy. This is who I pray to become. I don't pray that nobody hurts me. I pray to be able to fight. So it's a different mentality. I think a lot of people build their mindsets around trying to feel good. People who want to ignore the idea of personal responsibility or self accountability because they feel better if they pretend it's not a real thing. They feel better if they pretend everything's something else as well. A lot of people's mental model and how they've  the world is based around them feeling as good as possible. So people are basically their mindsets around trying to feel good. I have always tried to base on mindset around absolute competence regardless of how I feel. And there are certainly disadvantages to that. There are times you're going to be a lot more pessimistic or you're going to be a lot more stressed or a lot more, you know, pissed off about certain things and others. Yeah, that can be seen as a downside. But like I said, I use all of those things for unlimited motivation to propel my endless upward trajectory. But if you construct a mindset that allows you to be as competent as possible as opposed to feel any different or feel better, then you're going to naturally come to the conclusions I've come to. You're as competent as possible. If you believe you can affect absolutely everything about your life, you're as competent as possible. If you believe absolutely everything that's happened to you, whether good or bad is completely your fault, you're as competent as possible. If you believe the bad things that happened to you are going to allow you to work harder and become even better. When bad things happen to me, the first thing I'm out this good. Good. Andrew, they took 10 million dollars out of the bank because you didn't cancel you. Good.  Good, that's just my response, good. And do this happen, good, good, good. Now, now I'm really pissed. Look, like this, like this mindset I've constructed allows me to be as fearsome a competitor as possible. It allows me to be a fear opponent in any realm of human endeavor and that's the point of a mindset. Why would you have a mental model or a mentality that made you anything less? In the ultra competitive world that we've just discussed, discussing that everybody wants the things you have, why would you absorb information or construct a mental model that doesn't allow you to be as competitive as possible? I am a feared competitor in anything I do. Anyone who's up against me at anything is gonna feel a degree of nervousness just because it's me. It doesn't matter what it is. If you say, look, you're gonna go learn how to play piano and you're gonna play against someone else who's never played piano and you're gonna learn and that guy's entertained. You're gonna be like, oh the fuck. I can't play piano, but the part of him's gonna be like, ah, not tape. Even though I have no piano experience, because they just know me. They know my mindset, they know my determination, they know I'm stuck.  They know I don't quit. They know I'm they know I'm gonna win. That's just who I am So I've constructed a mental model that allows me to be competent to always succeed And that's how I've come to the conclusions I've come to and I truly once again Don't understand how people go to the world without within the other mental mode I can ask all the time, but what do you feel or what about happiness or depression that? That doesn't even how I feel doesn't cross my mind. I don't know how I'll explain it There are days where I'm pissed off or sad or happy. It doesn't cross my mind It's just like I woke up whenever mood I happen to be in I have things I need to do It's a busy day. Zubi's here soon. I need to go training before he gets here I didn't meet him with the bag at 7.15 am I have to do like I didn't cross my mind about happy sad exciting I just had to work so I I think my mental model to a degree. I'm certainly not a person who doesn't feel emotions because we're all human I certainly do but I've never prioritized them in any regard. I haven't  mental model that affects. I haven't put them in the middle of my mental model and then affected my actions based on how I feel for each one. It's absolutely completely the opposite. I would love to do a podcast on a day where I'm particularly sad and the podcast on a day when I'm particularly happy. And I guarantee you, New and Mill tell the fuck difference. So that's what allows me to be competitive, right? Because if you're competitive, you want to be the most competitive, the credit predator on the planet. You have to be able to hunt in the day and the night. You have to be able to do both. You have to be able to perform when you're happy and sad. You can't, you can't only be able to perform when you're happy. You can't only go to the gym when you're motivated. You can't only be a competent person when your legs go in well because when your legs start going well, you're no longer competent. Then you're gonna lose to people like me and just play versus player. If you're the kind of person who can only do well when you're happy and you're competing and get someone like me, you can do well all the time. Guess what? You lose. So my mental model, the answer is most of my opinions are just based around constructing a mental model that allows me to be brutally competitive. It's why I say depression isn't real. I've argued this point endlessly and I try to...  explain to people but they're not smart enough to understand. That I don't care if I'm wrong. I don't care. I am more competitive as an individual. If I don't believe I could become depressed. So I don't give a f***** if I'm right or wrong because no matter what bad happens to me in my life, even the heaven forbid, the worst things on earth that could happen happen to me. I could never become finically depressed because I would never self-diagnose myself as the liquid depressed because I don't believe in it. I believe I am guitar currently sad that I have work to do and eventually I will feel better. I will never get to a point of absolute desperation to kill myself because I don't, I'm never needed to point of helplessness because I don't believe in the idea of helplessness. You cannot try and make me adopt thinking that will reduce my competitiveness as an individual. So I don't f***** wrong. I don't believe in it. That's it. And a story. So I don't believe in things that take power away from me. I don't believe in things that make me less competitive and I don't adopt mental models that make me less competitive. Every single mental model I have are the most efficient ones I could find. They're the mental model I found that if I adopt, I become a more fearsome predator. That's it. So this is how I f*****  to all of my conclusions as an individual. If the ocean doesn't reach a point of equal and opposite force, it will just engulf the entire planet, right? There has to be an equal and opposite force at some point. I'm not talking about freeing every single person from the matrix. I'm talking about freeing enough people who are ready to understand how the world really works, so that there is an equal and opposite force to the terrain of bullshit. The absolute clown world bullshit they're trying to push on all of us. If nobody stands up to it, we're going to end up just swallowing it all. It's garbage. So you need to have an equal army on the other side. Money is certainly related to power, but to the true power of the world is influence. I am currently one of those powerful people on the planet. I can influence millions and millions and millions of young people with my mouth alone by speaking. That's why they fear me. And every single thing that's happening in the world today.  whether it's a pitched battle, all of it is done with the goal of exerting influence on your mind. They're trying to control what you think, they're trying to control why you think it, why you believe it, they're trying to convince you that they haven't even put propaganda into your mind, and it's all about for influence. That's all this has ever been. Most people are not smart enough, most people are not intelligent enough to self-analys and defrag their own brains and understand their being programmed. You didn't like me, for example. I don't like Andrew Tate, why? Will they told me not to like it? Who told me? Will these people? Do they care about me? No. Most people don't get an opinion and break down where it even comes from. They just get an opinion and they defend it, and you'll see people arguing and fighting in the street over opinions. I don't even know where they've come from the first place. Most people are not intelligent enough for that. So everybody and everything you consume is going to influence you to a degree. The mass media machines trying to influence everyone. I'm trying to influence everyone. I'm right here trying to influence people. I'll sit here and say I'm trying to influence people at home. I did not say that girls above certain age.  are horrible people. I did not say girls have woven a certain age or useless. I said girls above a certain age are less attractive than girls were younger because of innocence. I'm talking about the Western world and in the Western world there's no girl at age I don't know 32 in Las Vegas who is pure. Not a single one on the planet so we can't sit here and apply what I'm talking about for the Western world to the Middle Eastern world. I'm under attack every single day. They're attacking my character, they're attacking my integrity, they're attacking my finances, they're attacking my freedom, they're attacking my companies every single day I wake up and there are people on the planet whose goal is to attempt to destroy me so I am under attacks. I was kind of up and down I was working in the fish market but I was still fighting at the same time I was training I was really young. Started to make a little bit of money fighting but not much and then I had different jobs. I sold television advertising and worked for an advertising company etc and I had my own business for a while trying to sell TV advertising and I had a bunch of sales jobs back and forth worked for car sales I'd always been doing this and that going from place to place. Unless it was a sales job I never really took at that seriously because...  It was the only commission that I found attractive. Outside of sales jobs, I just did my very best. I did a whole bunch of things. It's been an eclectic, long, interesting journey. So I grew up with a bunch of very close-mossed friends, and I've always been not envious, but certainly I've had a large amount of adoration for their respect for their families, respect for their culture, their brotherhood, the way they operate. I've always thought it's a fantastic way to be. God knows the truth of our hearts. So I know that my reversion is sincere. I understand that because I'm in the public eye, there's going to be some degree of people who question it. But I know that mine's completely sincere. And the people who do it in a non-sensitial way, God knows the truth, and they're not going to be able to fool him. So good luck. And someone else said to me, they said that it's important that someone like you that has all of the worldly treasures or everything that you could possibly ever wish for in this world still understands the importance of believing in God. I have a very small circle, but every single one of my friends has a utility. We're all very capable individuals. We all do very important things. We all help each other and aid each other in different ways. I don't.  I don't have any friends just to sit around and talk shit and do nothing. I guess in many ways people would say, oh, well, Andrew, you have family and business partners, but I consider them my friends. We have a very small network of five, maybe six people, and yeah, they're my friends. I'm not the kind of person who can fall victim to some random stroke in my ego, and I'm not a dummy. I know a lot of people get rich and they're dummies. That's not me. I don't have any new friends. I have the same circle I've always had. In fact, it's getting smaller brother. It's smaller, not bigger. I don't have these random friends. I part you with none of this kind of crap. I provide value by default by being me. That's who I am. You're gonna be my friend. You need to provide some value to my life. Now, a lot of people and they have friends to value that's provided by their friend is that their friend makes the laugh or that their friend is funny. Well, I don't need that crap. I'm busy, right? So I need someone who's actually useful to me a real thing. It's not a shallow way to look at it because people say that shallow, not at all. I think that in true friendship, in true relationships, whether it's man, woman, or man.  or woman woman, there needs to be an exchange of value. People need to both gain and receive value, and that's how you build true friendships. So you need to become useful to me. And the problem with doing that is I already have extremely useful people around me. We can already do everything. I don't need anybody. So when someone comes and goes, hey, I'd love to know you did a, why? What, what, what do you want to do? Sit around and talk shit. What do you want to do? Like, I'm trying to do x, y, z, I'm fighting the matrix. Can you fight the matrix? Can you fight? They can't do anything. I don't want to, I don't want to hang around. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent. You don't notice if you're talented at something to all the hard work stuff. I can be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmo is going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some god-given gift. You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's going to sit there and go, I work smart, I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day.  Working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I am absolutely and hourly a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life is work. This podcast is work. I'm getting the car and what's another meaning work. It's all work, my entire life is work. And people don't wanna look at life that way. They wanna talk about work, life, balance, and being lazy and all this crap. I don't believe in anything that I believe in. If you wanna win, you have to out-compete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work. It's a player versus player. If you're gonna sit there and go, I don't wanna work more than an hour a day. Well, the guy who does wanna work more than an hour a day is gonna beat you. And in my house smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And this is why we talk about things like passive income. Passive income is a scam. I'm tired of people coming to me saying, I wanna make passive income. And I sit there and say, it's not about it being a scam. It's about the mentality towards it. It's a scam. Look, everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it. You need to...  De-link your time to your money because if you're only working for money you run out of time you can't make enough money I understand all those principles my point is if you have no money and you're coming to me saying I want to make passive income Why are you not making active income get up off your ass and work first? Because there's no such thing as completely truly a hundred percent passive You're gonna have to check on it. You have to maintain it But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is amazing to me You should be worried about active income If you show me if I'm a broken and you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour I don't sit there and go okay, but how can I make that passive? I go cool. I make a eighteen thousand dollars a day I'm gonna work you don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time I look at passive income because I have eighteen hours a day I work when all 18 of those hours are done and my workload still isn't finished I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive either via staff or whatever else And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time and went home  time is done now I have to become more efficient so that I get more done within the same time frame. To sit there and say I don't want to use my time so I want passive income is dumbass, it's dumb shit. The 16 year old making 45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me go I don't want to make the tip talks I want someone else to do it make it passive that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working. You have to just work. At some point you have to bite the bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me talking about passive income and they're a broke him like you are just lazy. Lazy people never get anywhere in life doesn't matter what it is. They're not having ten or so money. If you're lazy you're never going to get anywhere. A lot of people with no money are really really arrogant. I know a lot of broke people who are very arrogant. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah that's a skin. Or I don't work hard I work smart. Balloons more cover. How do you be successful as a man? We'll talk about it. First thing you need freedom because you ain't a man if you're not free. And you may sit there. I'm not a slave. I get paid really  Well, listen, the slaves got free food and free shelter in exchange for work. Now all they've done is go over to the food and shelter people, give you dollars which you spend on food and shelter. And you basically have nothing left. You're still a fucking slave. First thing you need is freedom. If you're not free, you're not man. First, we're not successful man. So you should always be working towards freedom. And I mean freedom with your time, do what you want. Freedom with your location, go where you want. There's a riot, cool, go and talk to him, see you later, bye. Go into Australia, see you later, bye. Freedom, one thing. The next thing that constitutes success to man is your network. Who are you talking to? Who are these people? Who will answer your phone calls? Listen. How about two phones? Identical, almost. Twins.  I got two phones right here. I can call one of many multi-millionaires, and when they see my name, they're gonna pick up the phone. They're gonna be like, oh, take, oh wait, guys, wait, wait, they're gonna stop their conversation. They'll be like, whoa, fuck, take me, what's up, take? Because they know I don't call for no bullshit. They'll be like, oh, money, money, money, phone three. So I can call them one-time millionaires right now. I can have the best idea in the world. I can call a bunch of multi-millionaires right now. So look, I need a hundred million. Here's my idea. We can make something happen. You can't do that. I can do that. Freedom, never. And then you get into the aesthetics of life for people to view you as successfully in a good body language. You need physical presence. A man who's not dangerous. A man who has no physicality. It will never be seen as successful. Oh, I'm successful, I'm rich. And I'll break your neck. Look how big my hand is. I'll grab you by your neck and choke you to you, die.  Who's successful now? I'm breathing and you're not so I'm more successful than you You can't be a little And I understood this from a young age as well. It's long sitting there a young age thinking I need to get a network of high Network individuals who are not even rich men but men who are driven men who are making money And I need to find a way to talk to them work for them learn what they know so I can become one of them I need to get body language and physicality. I need to become big and dangerous I need to be able to display that without saying I need women and lovely I need beautiful women who adore me. I need these things because this is what shows the world. I'm the fucking dog So I'm sitting there and I understand what I need and I knew this at 21 22 A lot of you people are older than this older than me you're older than I was and I'm telling you something You said you're going yeah didn't even cross your mother in mind You were too busy jerk it off the porno and not thinking about what you actually need to do to be successful in this life So these are the things  you need to be a high value man because you have all those things and then you get some money and you have geographical and time freedom. You're now genuinely successful. Your mentality is heavily linked to your reality and the fact that most people have such weak mindsets comes from the fact that they have a weak life, a weak body, a weak social circle, a weak network, a weak bank account, a weak relationship, and then their mind is weak. Well of course, whereas if you had a group of soldiers around you, men who were dedicated who would ride or die with you, if you were strong, if your woman would never leave you no matter what because she idolizes you, then your mentality would be strong. Your mind would be strong by extension. So as someone comes to being goes, I doubt myself, I usually look at them and go, yeah, I understand why you're a little fat piece of your stupid. Of course you do. Hey Andrew, um, so how do I get like a six pack weight? What's the best fastest way to get a six pack? Why does it have to be quick? Why does it have to be easy? Why do you think life is all quick and easy? Why can't it be hard and difficult? Why can't you suffer? Because suffering is what gives it value.  If everyone had a six pack and it was quick and easy, then it wouldn't be valuable with it If everyone walked around with a quick the six pack and they got it easily the no one would give a sh** The whole point is that it's difficult to knit Value is linked to difficulty if you want something that is valuable You need something which is difficult to obtain the fact that you just said you wanted it quick and easily shows that your whole mental Model is you shouldn't be thinking about quick and easy. You should think about hard suffering pain Going through it. That's what you should be thinking about. This is gonna be hard But I'm gonna do it anyway because when it is done then everyone's gonna know that I went through something difficult Why do you want it to be quick and easy? Success is the most overused word Because we talk about success. Well this guy is really successful So let's say I'm working at a company. I'm the big boss. Let's say I'm a guy. I go college I go university. I go to this company. I work. I work. I work. I've become a manager I'm on a hundred and fifty thousand a year. I got a company BMW and I wear a suit  And everyone at my job does as I say. Why all measures, I'm a successor. But here's the truth. When I leave that company, no one gives a fuck about me. I'm a nobody outside of that one building where I'm a little bit important. My wife doesn't want to suck my dick because I'm fat because I didn't have time to train so I did this work. I got a BMW, BMW. I know hose would be a BMW's. I didn't even consider that car. BMW, that's not luxury cars. It's amazing. I'm pushing super cars. You're a nobody. You're not successful for shit. Success for a man actually comes in many rounds. It's actually nothing to do with being good at your job. Having money, yeah. You don't have to be good at your job. Depression is the ultimate motivation. Oh, so you're depressed. Okay, so you're coming along to me and you tell me you're depressed. I expect to see a huge list of what you're achieving per day.  You're unhappy with your life, but you're depressed. I don't expect you to be popping pills of sitting late in bed. I expect you to give me a huge list of everything you're achieving per day. Depression's a fantastic motivation. You know, but people are told the opposite. No, you should feel the press is wrong. You should be happy. Anyway, take the pills, stay home, take some time off, complete garbage. You're depressed. Okay, get up. Go for a run, lift more weights, make more money, get a second job, get more girls. You can outrun depression. I'm a man who's always believed, and now I think every man understands this. Action over in action. And I think it was General Patton who said, a good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. You got to do something and you got to do something fast. Yeah. You're just sitting around talking about it and hoping for things to get better. Has never, I don't know, I don't know about you, gentlemen, every time I run out of money in my bank and I thought I'm going to sit around and hope for something to come. It never really worked out. It never worked out. You know, it's like you can't be sitting around waiting for things to happen to you. Also, I think especially in the West, a lot of people's problems are all in their mind that I'm not saying that mental conditions aren't real because absolutely some are, but I try and explain to people, look, if you,  The only thing on the planet you have genuine control over is your state of mind. Like you can't even control your health, you might get hit by lightning. You can't control other people, you can't control the weather, you can't control anything. The only thing you can affect in genuine real time is how you feel in your head. If someone comes to me and goes aww, I get really shy and anxious. I'll say so. Right. Not aww, okay, that must be horrible. Not so. Do anyway. Yeah, but I'm shot. I don't care. I don't know when cares. The whole world doesn't care. Nobody cares. If you can drop dead tomorrow, the world wouldn't care. The sun's still gonna rise. People are still gonna go to work. You're gonna sit there and worry about speaking. When people come to me and say, I'm not happy. I say, why should you be happy? And we're all adults here. This infantile mindset that we're supposed to be like we were when we were three years old and oh, something shiny, laugh all the time, run around the circles. We're grown-ups and we have responsibilities and we have problems and we have pressure and you don't necessarily have to be happy to perform, especially if you're a man. Like, women have this, I guess to a degree they're born lucky, women have this mindset where people-  expect women to be happy, women need to be happy. As a man, you have a burden of performance. As a man, you shouldn't be waking up going, how do I get happy? There are still our main ways to gain money. You either trade your time for money. You trade information for money. You give a product or service for money. Or you put something to work for money. I'll say that again, we're gonna go through them one by one. These are the main ways that money will arrive in your bank account. Remember why I just told you guys, before main things about cash, how it works, how you got to attack it, identify where it's moving, et cetera. These are the four main ways money is made. First is, times for money. Now this is what most jobs are. And there's nothing wrong with the job. A lot of people are gonna come and say, quit your job. No, there's nothing wrong with having a job. And it's better than doing nothing. But this is the first level. This is the first level of how to make money. So what?  What you do when you have a job is you give up your time to get some cash. So a guy will say, if you stand here all day, I'll give you X amount of money and you agree. You give up your time to make money. The problem with giving up your time to make money is what? Who knows the problem with giving up your time to make money? I'll tell you the problem. The problem is you only have a certain amount of time. It's very difficult to get rich. If you give up your time for money because you have a certain amount of time, you need to sleep, you need to eat, you go over stuff to do. You haven't got the time to sit there and get rich that way. So time for money is great and obviously the more valuable your time is, the better that's fine. You can make more. But you still have a fine night amount of time. And this is the problem with trading your time for months. Next is information.  for money. Now the good thing about getting information for money is that your time is not explicitly linked. So if you do something like a video giving information that one video you can film it one time but it can be given out or sold a million times and you get paid every single time. But your time is no longer linked to the money. So a lot of people make money purely on information and this it can be done lots of ways. It can be done with what I'm doing right now. I'm making money based on what I know right now. I am selling information to you people. I know information and I'm providing. There are also high level consults through the same thing. Information is valuable. We live in the age of information. Another thing I guys want you to write down your notes. Some of the two most important things in the world today are information and attention. If you can get if you have information and you can get attention you will be.  rich because if you can get attention, people are going to pay attention to you and then if you have information to give them, you're going to be rich. This webinar is an example of how me, a person who can attract attention who has information can make money. So information for money is better than time for money. Now every single person sitting here, there must be something you know. You know something. You know something others don't know. It doesn't matter if it's how to play guitar, doesn't matter if it's how to play piano, doesn't matter if it's how to fix a car, doesn't matter what it is. You must have some information that other people find useful. That information can be weaponized and it can be turned into money. We're going to get into how to do that later, but it's not actually very complicated. You need to guard our attention. You need to produce the videos or the subject material or the PDFs or whatever you want to do, explain to people what you know. You need to establish credibility.  So they understand that they can trust you and they will pay for your information This is another way to get money information the kid that I might write that down because when you write down to read the paper information You also need to sit and think what do I know that other people don't know? So there must be something you know and that information is valuable you have to convince people that's valuable and to come and buy it from you next This is what most businesses do they provide a product or a service for money now This is different from information because even though if you provide a service you have information Let's say you fix car you know how to fix cars you have the information But you're not selling the information you're selling the service which is different the information would be selling me a book on how to fix my own car The service is coming here in the fix it for them So a product or service selling for money. This is very very simple as what most businesses do  They bought they get products for a service and they sell it for a mark on Now this is actually This is the way that most mega businesses make money, but in the modern world It's quite difficult to do and it's difficult to do because most products and services are monopolized They're monopolized because Everyone's already selling everything and we live in a global economy now And there's no product you can think of that I can't go to Amazon calm and find cheaper From China and they'll sell it out one penny maybe two penny mark on so the product Group is getting harder unless you're very very unique and you build a brand somewhere to get into The service is Fine, but you know what the problem with services service is once again link to your time if you're providing a service You're still giving up your time for money You understand so the product angle is difficult the service angle is difficult the time angle is difficult so far the only angle we have will allow you to make  money, scalable, out and beyond, is information for money. Next, putting something else to do the work for you. Now this is what corporations and the mega rich people do. They either get people to work for them or they get their money to work for them. So to keep their time free, they make other people or other things give up their time. So the company will come along. Let's look at the slides. A company will come along with a service. It will advertise its service. It will then hire people, number one, to get people to work for them. And then those people will give up their time and change for a wage. Give up their time in Sinford for a wage. And the company will keep money. So the owner of that company, although he has to manage things, his time is explicitly linked to income. Now the super wealthy, the super wealthy...  people do is they get their money to work for them and if your money works for you it's even better than people because people need to be managed a lot more than money. Your money doesn't need to be managed. Money just works. So if you have millions of dollars and you put them in a 10% you can get a 10% return or even a 3% return. You're gonna be rich on the interest without doing it. So making your money make your money is great but you can only live off this money if you already have a lot of money. So let's go back through and analyze. Getting people to work for you is complicated setup because you actually need to sell a product or service to get most people to work for. Also you need to people manage so for a long period of time you're not gonna have your time for you. This is the first thing. Second thing, getting your money to work for you you need a lot of money to live off the work your money does. You need a lot of money to get this to happen. Most...  People don't have enough money. Put their money to work and live on it. Now you still should put your money to work. I want to talk about that. You can't live off your money work. I can never be depressed if I never slow down. Speed is extremely important. Speed defies gravity. How does a plane fly through the air and defy gravity? Speed. It's moving too fast to fall. If you're always attacking life, if you're always doing things, if you're always making more money, if you're always traveling the world doing this, doing that new car here, their new podcast, meet in James English, boom, boom, boom, boom. You know, if you're always doing things all the time, unhappiness can't catch you. But I also know that speed is a fantastic way to be happy all the time. I'm always looking forward to something. I wake up every day, excited. I'll go do this today. I'll go do this today. Go do this today. And I very much live my life in a frame of, no, I have to do this. It's very much a, I get to do this. There's another thing that a lot of people make a mistake with mine.  I'm like, ah, I have to go to work today. Change your language. I get to go to work today. Imagine you had no job. Be worse, right? Because otherwise you wouldn't be working. So you get to go to work. Ah, I have to fix the car. At least you have a car. You get to fix your car. Most people don't have one. Ah, I have to go get the kids. You get to go get the kids because you have these beautiful children who love you. You understand, people's even their own language is wrong. The world is gonna be framed. Maybe I'm completely crazy. Maybe I'm foolish. Like you said, maybe I am. But the frames I've installed in my mind are all beneficial to me. So if that makes me crazy and full of shit, good. Because I can't become depressed. So you can sit there and tell me I'm full of shit while you're depressed. And I'm happy. And I would never want to adopt the thinking of a depressed person. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard. I work smart. Ballocks, more cover. Anything it takes to say,  I don't want to work. Do you believe in the work's more, or not harder? I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. I can be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmoh's gonna smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift. You understand? You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit down and go, I work smart, I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I am absolutely and utterly a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life is work. This podcast's work, I'm getting the car with another meeting work.  Want to go to the gym so I mean good shape work. It's all work my entire life is work and people don't want to look at life that way They want to talk about work life balance and being lazy and all this crap I don't believe in any of that I believe in if you want to win you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work this player versus player If you're gonna sit there and go I don't want to work more than an hour a day Well the guy who does want to work more than an hour a day is gonna beat you and now how smart you are There's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it That's just the nature of the game is the way the humans work and the way that we are We evolve the to species is that we don't really learn lessons unless they're learning hard way Yeah, I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way you're not gonna learn it You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car nearly crashes his car nearly crashes this car Doesn't slow his ass down to be rexing. Yeah, but this is how people are right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind And it's the same with everything is the same with driving  car or business. Truthfully, if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ, blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just spunk it, act an idiot, and it all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, it's, and don't, and don't be done with it. So you need to, you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things. You need to have to, to a degree, some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right. The book, that's, that's not going to teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets. You need to, you need to make mistakes. You need to suffer. You need to have the tax man knocking at your door. You got to deal with all that stuff. So that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that the humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. And life really doesn't have to be that complicated. When you see somebody that has something you want, you just got to try and work out how they got and that's the missing part. Most people see people with things they  and they don't do the second half. They don't try and work out how they got that thing. Oh my man, it's a Ferrari, okay. I wish I had a Ferrari, okay. They don't sit there and go for an hour. How did you get a Ferrari? It doesn't cross that part is the part they don't wanna do, right? They just go, oh he's a Ferrari, wish I had a Ferrari and they go back to TV. That's why they lose. It's player versus player out here, man. It's on the street, it's not easy. For every dollar you make, for every pound you take, you took it from someone else. You don't make money, you take money. People don't understand the way that money works. You're not the Federal Reserve. You can't create money from thin air. Every single pound in your bank is money you took from someone else. And when I say take, I don't mean in a negative way. You might have convinced them to give it to you. You might have a coffee shop. I'll give you a nice coffee. You'll give me some money. Cool, but you still took his money, right? So if you're out here trying to take stuff from other people, don't you wanna have a team? You wanna do it by yourself, you wanna be Rambo? That you forget too of you doing it. You can too of you, that's right. So the whole idea of this lone soldier, this Rambo, I'll do it all by myself. That's all dead, bro. You need to have a team as player versus player and for the same reason.  If you were out here on the street and you wanted to defend yourself, you want your boys around you It's the same thing we try to get rich that you're laughing with your boys. Yeah, the broken days are great And I'm not complaining about being rich I want to say I worked hard for this and it's a fantastic life. I live now But I think without those broken days without those original days to compare it to without that juxtaposition Then I don't think being rich would be fun at all I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you weren't rich That's the only thing that makes it fun the only thing that makes about ten thousand dollars steak fun is Is that you can laugh saying how you never had ten grand your bank to your 27 years old? Yeah, like that's otherwise it's boring otherwise you okay steak And I think if you're born with too much money that you'll never truly be happy I think you need the broken days of the best days You 