 What the fuck? You look like that. You look like a Sims character, like a GTA fucking character. Bro, why do you look like this? I look the same. I've always looked, were you talking about? Are you cloned? It's three in the morning? I did. I'm sorry, I know. All right, listen bro, I missed you a lot bro. I haven't heard you in a minute. My number got late, sorry, I'm in Texan. You didn't clear this dumb ass shit that I didn't check up on you and jail people that I betrayed you and shit. You know Dan, while I hit up your team, trying to send you to let paragraph, I said paragraph, bro, I feel bad, we're only redeem myself, right? If I have to chop my finger off, I'll do it. Whatever you need me to do, I'll do it bro. All right, fuck with you bro, I really do. You're my boy. Why say things? Now I'm gonna tell you to chop your finger off and you're not gonna do it. So why, why, why, why you just constantly...  Yeah, but that's, but that's like what your mouth was alive, but that's a poetic symbolism. That's not like really I'm not really gonna chop my finger off, but I really like you know what I'm saying chop my finger off Are we streaming now? No. Yeah, say hi to everybody Where where are we streaming kick dot com Oh My doing my life. How you been a didn't I heard that you're gay and you're back on drugs so no No, um actually not true. Okay, um, I'm not gay Back on drugs in I don't know who the fuck is saying that okay. I'm not gay. No, sit it No, I'm not gay and I'm not back on drugs clean Okay, how do you know? You're not typically you're not typically lean again. No, because I've heard otherwise young man I mean I read up and lie to me. I had a little relapse. Okay now look check this out  You know, your whole life is a fucking relapse. Your whole life is one constant relapse of failure. It's like you can't, you're not happy with your failures so you're destined to repeat them over and over again. Why? And what the fuck are you wearing since when do you wear a suit? I'm sorry, I'll take it off. Don't do anything gay or weird. I'm just taking off my fucking suit. Asshole. So, why did you have a suit on? I had Kim Jong-un on stream, you know. Mars, where is he now? Is he busy with nukes or? I don't know. You think this looks good, shall I just talk it? Yeah, that's fine. Get Kim Jong-un back. I want to ask him some questions about Asian domestic policy. I'll see if he'll give me bank accounts. I've got else's band-aid. Wait, Chad, should I actually get Kim back in here? I don't think you'd want to talk to him, bro. It's not really what you're expecting. Oh, it's not really like...  You actually want to talk to him? Yeah, get Kim back. Why not? Alright, let me sit your... You're my chat. Can you ask Kim if he's available to speak to Andrew and myself again? I got you. What time is it in North Korea? I don't know what time is it? Day or night? It's time in North Korea. I don't want to google this to be honest with you. 8.56 in the morning. It's 3am over there? 3am, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay, I think he's gonna get him right now. He's letting me know right now. Dude, you know, ever since you're allowed to leave the house, what have you been up to? What have you been doing? Have you been traveling? Have you been doing any adventures? Have you been hiking? What have you been doing? If I play music on your stream, you can hit with a bunch of DC and A notices. You can do whatever you want. Top G. Top Striker. Have you seen all my new names? You know, I don't like how you're going by these pronouns. I don't. Why? Because  You know that's not you bro. I know what you're trying to do. You know, you know, you don't have to appeal to that type of audience. You know You know to say you don't have to be your peak What Those are your people my G No, they're not the fucking talking about Anyway, my nicknames Going forward I want you to know from now on you can call me either amry and your tape as we know top G Top Striker mr. Producer mr. Plenty and I've got some new names. You've not heard war man in town billionaire too bad body man gangster say once boss say once boss cuz I say it once kill him He dies done take all trillion air brave not sorry never sorry. That's the last name never sorry brave not sorry I know you that no shut Big gun dawn double spice daddy or struck mine cuz it's always on my mind Dude, how the fuck are you gonna call me gay? But your name is double spice. I'm gonna call you double spice daddy I'm gonna call you that Well do it. This is the girls call me maize. Well, fuck and joining with your testosterone level you old bitch Hey, my test level matter fact is a 350  It went up. It was it was a 280 something went up. I Don't even know what it's complicated depending what country you do it in that gives like a different scale because I don't even know What that means is that high low and I'm not a burst on these things I don't take steroids like you're like some other influencers, so I'm not very versed on all this stuff You know, it's crazy. I was in the gym the other day and they're like a no you taking steroids because I had so much energy It's crazy But not that's definitely the first thing people think when they see you Yeah, wait He's happy on the gear look at the size of the guy All right, hold on Kim's ready Kim's ready. All right. I'm gonna add you. You just have to turn your camera on He asked to hold on citrus. I'm gonna add you here It's my camera. It is but I'm gonna add you have to pick up the call again Like let's see this is fucking old fuck. I think he's back to himself and you're not gonna lie You got nerfed, but now like you're back like You know what I mean like you got like nerfed like to be honest You weren't hidden for me like you were merely making jokes really serious, but now you're like hitting again You're like making jokes and shit  I like when you're like funny bro, that's like really you, you know? There's many very different versions of me, there's many different incarnations, I can be funny, I can be serious. Andrew Kim Jong! How you doing my G? I like how you missed the entry text. Yeah, I'm not bad at how things over there. For me, it's always good. Good, I see you're working on your missile tech trying to keep your country sovereign. Good luck. Of course, of course, unfortunately, American is a great state. Has been trying to keep my country down ever since. Tell me years ago when my country was. And I've swore to you, Mr. Tate. I will destroy America. Bro, all right, hold on a second. You don't have to sit in the middle of the seat. Nobody's not good news. Okay, he's safe. He is safe. Bro, that's where my man Donald Trump is. You will not get newt. You'll stay in that state. So any American.  If you want to be safe, move the Florida. Right, that's good to know. So how do you and Aden know each other? Aden, have you been to North Korea? No, Anjou, we should go for, we should go. You want to go? Bro, I thought Romanian jail was bad, but I have a strong suspicion North Korean Jails probably a little bit worse. How to take and miss the Ross if you come to North Korea. I'll put you up in my penthouse and you'll have exclusive use of my private. Private's hiring. How is that sound? And Mr. Ross, you can get to fuck my sister. She really needs a big dick. You know, I need to tell you what I'm supposed to do. I have no money at all. I was growing up in Luton on a council estate with a single mother with no money. I had all these dreams of what I do if I ever got rich. And you make hundreds of millions of dollars.  You're gonna do this you're gonna do that turns out I go to Romanian jail and get woken up at three in the morning by Aiden Ross To come and talk to a kimchon on I'm out of the night. I'm out of the midlife crisis now. What am I doing? I am filthy rich. What am I doing with my life? Excuse me, but I'm here. I'm the real deal and any any hints About me being impersonating not the real thing I don't have you executed a face That'd be hard to even try and for a while. I'm pretty hard to kill No, I have not tried before trust me. I Kill my uncle I kill my half brother and if I want to kill someone I'll do it and this is the first time we spoke So let's start get off on the wrong foot. All right, gee. That's fair enough Come over to North Korea and I'll show you a good time when men are men and women are women  That's true, but you just threatened to kill me, so I'm gonna reconsider the invite, but I'll let you know Oh, that's okay. I've written a lot of people I know you feel me too Have a high life sometimes you're just trying to wake up trying to run your country run your business I get you I understand it you got your empire you got your women you got your harem Listen don't make me fuck you up. I get it, brother. I'm the same. My life's basically the same mean you live the same life I think I hear man who understands me deeply I think we'll be breaking friends in the future Be true. So what the fuck's they doing here? Why are we friends today? Then we'll take a good form Hey, you know what Andrew? I don't like that. We've been brothers for oh, you know I know you almost like a year and a half now time those by you know You're going like two months. That's the first time I ever met each other in person. It's crazy life goes by brother How old are you now? I'm 22 What are you gonna have in front of her today? I'm turning 23 in a month Absolutely nothing. Why? Why would I buy you anything?  Fair point fair enough. Andrew when is the not? I just just can't what are you looking at? I'm looking at you two and seeing the bands that you have between you two. I mean it's truly mesmerizing. I understand why you have so many views. Maybe I should start my own kick channel. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. I think I'll have some converts to my to my juj-je philosophy. Do you know about juj-je philosophy, Aidan? What's that, sir? It's the philosophy of being self-sufficient. It was actually, funnily enough, the leader of North Korea, I believe it was our good guests here's father came to Romania. No, actually sorry, let me get that wrong. Yeah, Kim Il Sung, the Romanian dictator, Chao Chesgu went to North Korea and he was inspired by it and he tried to instill it for Romania.  paid off the IMF just before he was assassinated. But the idea is that basically you can be completely self-sufficient. You know you need to trade with other countries. However, I'm sorry, I don't mean to offend, it's not actually a very effective economic policy in Oxman-Y to you. If you're a very good accountant, what you should do is focus on doing as much accountancy as possible to make as much money as possible. And all the other services you require in your life, for example, tailoring, you purchase from somebody else. If you're completely self-sufficient, then what you do is you have to make your own clothes, you take less time actually doing what you're good at, which is accounting, overall you end up broker, because you should be a good accountant, but you're not busy doing accounting, you're busy sewing a shirt. So all in all, countries are actually more prosperous with a broader economic and trade policy. But I do also understand in your very unique situation, it's difficult because of the American sanctions, the fact that if you did open up your country, they'd be looking to do a CIA on you. And in fact, the minds of the youth with liberal garbage, NGOs, et cetera, et cetera, and they throw for the country. So... Injus... I didn't know you... The expectation comes to North Korea and be my economic advisor. Et cetera, I didn't know.  Andrew, Andrew, Andrew, Andrew, I didn't know you got Andrew, I didn't know you picked up another language. Yeah, Japanese, you learn how to speak Japanese. What's the joke, I don't understand. That and it, so I'm gonna get it. So I don't, that was stupid, yeah, I'm gonna, that was, that was, that was the only spot for me. I'm sorry bro. You all right. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, tell us the joke, that's funny. Go, go, go. All right, all right, all right. Andrew, I did the chicken one. You want to eat the chicken, the rooster joke. I already made you laugh from one of my jokes. You've never made me laugh. Yes, I have made you laugh before. Never broke. Okay, I'll make you laugh right now. Um, let me think, let me think of a joke to say. Um, hold on here, let me see, let me see, let me see. Okay. Oh, I can make you laugh right now. Nah, I'm not gonna do it. I was gonna prank you with these, but I won't. Um.  Okay. I don't have a joke on the fly man. I'm not really a standard comedian type of guy. Edger, you can't make me laugh. Um, I don't think either of your comedians. Anyway, this is kind of gang-langged so I'm gonna leave this uh, and talk to you. I can't get it. Yo, can I actually add something here I want you to meet? You'll love him. I'm gonna just keep adding- Wait, wait, wait, wait. Who the fuck was that? It was Kim Jong-Hoon. Well, what am I doing with my life? Cool. All right, Kim Jong, yeah, safe. All right, I'm gonna add Jake, Future here. Yo, Jake, join up, bro. Who's that? It's my boy. Yo, you're a fuck with Jake. He's cool, it's fucked. He's a big fan of you too. He's cool. I um, is he home? Let me see if he's home. He should be home. Yeah insurance.  I don't know who these people are, but I'm not plugged into the online streaming. So how's the world, how's the world, the world been? It's fine. Gotcha. I, uh, you know, I, uh, so what do you, what do you do? What do you do all day? What do you do for fun? I don't really have much fun, I don't believe likes about fun. I know you tell work. Yeah, I work and I train, look after my children and build my empire and trying to avoid matrix attacks. Yeah, I'm a very dedicated, hard working individual. My life is pretty regimented. There's not so much room for random acts of drug taking and speaking to it in person heirs and whatever else you do with your life. Yeah, I like being gay on stream and all this shit. So why did you come out as gay if you're not gay? I'm not gay. You saw that clip. Like I can't believe it. Fuck it. I'm not gay. You know my gay, bro. You know my gay. You know I'm not. You know I'm literally. Okay. I don't have one right now, but.  I had one. You're 22 and you're a millionaire and you have no girlfriend. No! I don't... I think... That's gay, bro. How is that gay? How is that not gay? This is gay as you can get. Just because I don't have a girlfriend? Yeah, bro, you're 22 and you've got a bunch of money you don't deserve. And you can't even fucking get a chick to pretend to like you for money or nothing. I don't believe in all of the true love, Andrew. That's gay, bro. It's fake. Why aren't you buried then? Why am I what? Why are you not married? Who says I'm not married? Are you married? You got to grow out of there getting back to the end wedding. Who says I was married? Are you in love? I'm in love with life, my friend. Everyday I'm breathing, I'm happy. Okay. But I've certainly never been sat around lonely like you. That's gay and weird. I got my boys. My boys are cool. They hold it down, you know? Got the boys. You're stuffed animals? No. Are you a real...  Where are they then? Is that a bug in your room or is that the cigar? Who was that? It might be a fly. It might be a matrix agent. Flys from matrix agents. Did you know that? I don't think so. I don't know. So what does that mean? Flys are what does that mean? They're part of the matrix. Explain how? They're agents of the matrix. How does a fly and how's a fly and agent of the matrix? Because it's unwelcome and it infiltrates. Flys. You have a fly as a bug. What do you mean? Bro, you need to see deeper. Use your third eye. Open up your shocker as you understand. I want to introduce you to Ali. Oh my God. My friend Ali. Hey, then. You know every single time I speak to someone on your stream. Nearly every single time. They're an idiot. You know that, don't you? Nearly everyone you can speak to. You can't lie. When I got jail, let me try it. Let me try and remember. Let me try and remember.  I remember the people you've introduced me to. XQC who seems nice enough, but he screamed in autistic rage all day long. Some kid, some little mid-love and kid who got beat up like a weak later. Neon. Some, who else is there? Is that it? I don't know. Every time you bring someone on, there's a fight. This is my boy Jake. Jake. This is Andrew. You want to meet him? This is, so Andrew, I'm giving you little context. Jake here, he's been following me for a long time. He loves you, he loves my streams together. I wanted to introduce you to Jake. He's a big fan. Good to meet you, Jake. Nice. Nice to meet you too, Ezio. He's been supporting us. He likes the dynamic, the duo and stuff. So he's been, he likes the streams and stuff. I just wanted to introduce you to one of our biggest fans. Hope you're learning things, Jake. I only come on here to try and educate the world via proxy of educating Hayden. He has great energy, bro. I met up with him in person a couple of times. He's a really, really high.  I heard that it really like sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet person. Bro, let's go though. Yeah, he's good man. Um, Jake, you should tell Andrew. So he actually started streaming too, bro. He uh, he's mid, you know, he found a, he found a passion. He's he started stream Andrew. He's motivated to stream. He's been put a lot of win over the name. I'll check it out. Um, it's my name. I'm Jake. Good, me and Adon's gonna help you get very famous. Very rich, very well known. Exactly. That's the call to go with the girlfriends he hasn't got. What the, yeah. What the fuck? Bro. Um, also, Andrew, I am looking at box by the way soon. by the way soon. So you you pick my opponent a boxing. Give me a six month string. Pick my phone, Andrew. Box me.  Okay, I'll box you, but you have to have one hand behind your back. It's only fair Well, that's not fair. I would destroy you All right Jake who would win mirror Andrew Knock out this guy you think this ball fuck is not gonna be out Jake Yeah Andrew we could spar for fun, you know, I'm down a you know up on a little jack coming to Romania, okay? What's bar? It's Thursday come here. I expect to see you by Sunday You can't you can't do that, bro. You cannot do that, bro. I've stopped playing. They're like you you're Love you go planning you're very busy very important life tomorrow. I'm putting I've eight fat people I'm gonna put on the eat-eat with a fat girl. The day after that. I'm having my friend Come my friends. They can't leave a jail cell. Oh, that's one of these will jail cell gets paid 50  grand absence events getting planned. Okay I don't know why you do the jail thing that's fine what's this fact? You want to participate in the jail thing? I'll tell you off jail for an annual. Okay so Andrew I have eight fat guys competing against one fat girl for eating. I have a lot of money to be in Spain all I understand. So I have eight fat guys and there's one girl and the girl has to choose one fat guy. Does that make sense? She got like fat-cupid. Yeah. And which and you're one of the fat guys? Ha ha ha you're so fucking funny bro. No bro. I have actual fat people. Fuck. You don't want to lose to your the other fat guys. I'm not a man. I'm not fat. I'm not fat. I'm not fat. I'm not that. You're a pudgy. Okay but that's not bad and I'm not even pudgy bro. Do I really-  What is it, fatness? When you come over here to fight, when you come in to fight? When should I come? Should I come in December? Oh, Eddie. Eddie, oh wait, an ID, but how far is Australia to remitio? Far. How far? No basic geography, far, but I can fight. How many hours, bro? I'm going to Australia, I'll stop by. Jake, you have a bright future ahead of you. Be careful, hang around with losers like I need some polish right now. All right, bro. You know what? This is fucking crazy, bro. I can't. Yeah, I'm going to Australia. I'm pulling up. I'm going to meet some people, do some streams. Oh, I'm going to swim with the great white sharks out there for a stream. Great. When you go in December? Do you want to meet me there? I was supposed to go in December also, I had a whole plan, but I'm in the middle of a matrix. I think I'm going to come in. I will.  Fuck. When you're genuinely influential, you're attacked by the matrix. I mean, I know you wouldn't understand, but when you're actually influential and important and say things that matter, the matrix attacks you. When you just pretend to be gay and do drugs and just be an idiot and be a clown, then they leave you alone. If you say things that actually inspire resistance amongst the populists and make people awake, so that they resist this deadline. You don't know what the mainstream media never sees it, but I really do talk about Godela. I talk about a lot of people pursuing their passion, manifests in their goals, following their dreams and stuff. I really do a lot. You know, I'm gonna make money. Once the last time you fed somebody or helped somebody, was that my gay not money? Yeah, one's last time you helped. Yesterday, yesterday, yesterday. I do a lot of things that I don't wanna show on the camera. I do things for the camera, not for the camera. I do things on camera, I do things off camera. Like, thank you, Jake. Thank you, Bruce. Oh, thank you, Bruce. Thank you, bro. Yeah, yeah. One was last time you fed somebody on the injured. Can you put a website on the screen, but takepleg.com on the screen. I give 25 million.  dollars a year to charity. So all there. I'll tell you right now, I'll donate to a charity with you, but we have to bet on it. I'll tell you what, this is what we're going to do. I'll spar you. Loser has to donate 25 grand. Allsput, butt, and you. You have to run my double and basketball. We'll one on one and play basketball. Hey, then. Why are you talking about winners and losers like there's any chance of it being anything rather than you just getting your ass worked? In the spar maybe, but in the spar maybe, but in basketball, you're not beating me. You're too old. If we spar first, if we spar first, I guarantee I'll beat you in basketball. You will not be playing basketball one on one. OK, so we're going to play basketball first, and then we're going to do the spar. No, on a serious note, though, take pledge.com. I want to make that clear to the world, because the MSM never mentions that either. Take pledge.com. I donate 25 million dollars a year to feeding people. You go there right now. In fact, last week, we were restoring eyesight. That's beautiful people.  operations. That's honestly beautiful bro. We work hard to help people Aiden and I think that you should use your massive platform and the wealth that you don't deserve. I do. I do. Bro, you don't see it because guess what? You only see the bad controversy with my name. Nobody sees the good. I don't care about that but you don't see it. You don't know what I do. You don't know because you don't see it. I don't blame you but the mainstream media never puts the good shit. They only put the weird shit where it comes to my name. Is sipping lean on stream for children to see? Is that something that's going to be good things you do? No and that's why I don't sip in any danger. Why'd you do it at all? Did you feel guilty? Of course I wish I never even picked up that bottle. I was going through a really hard time in my life and I really wish that I had somebody to speak to. I didn't have anyone that I could that took me seriously to talk to. And I fucked up and I feel guilty about it but I haven't said I haven't been sipping bro. I've been ugly and clean for real. All right we'll see till the next clip.  It turns up. And I'm fortunately, I'm fortunately they appear in my life. I try very hard to avoid it, but somehow just some clip of you doing something degenerate manages to appear in my ecosystem. Wait, so I'm a question. Do you actually see, do you see me a lot? Like, when you see me, do you like, should I check up on it and do you miss me? Be honest, I miss you. I think about you all the time, bro. I really, really do miss you a lot, bro. I miss you. No, people, when you do dumb shit, people always messaged me, like, look, Adon's being an idiot, fix him. I'm like, he can't be fixed. That's what you do. Every time you do something dumb, people start flooding my Twitter mentions with, look, Adon's a loser. It's just like you're not. Do you have love for me? I think you're a bad person. I think you're an idiot, but you're not necessarily a bad person. Are you perfect, Mr. Tate? I wouldn't say I'm perfect, but I definitely strive hard to be the best version of myself, and I'm very clear and conscious of my actions. And I try and be as rational as possible. And I make sure that the decisions I make daily contribute towards the increasing the life of...  and the quality of life not only of my own, but also with people who I care about, and people around me and the world as a whole, I don't sit there and think, oh fuck, I'll just drink drugs because I feel bad, because I don't know what, what can you even feel bad about? What's hard about your life? Personal manners, bro. Oh, yeah. Tate, I have, you know, I sat in a jail cell for about six hours on stream. So you copied my jail stream. I did a cheap version. Yep. And then you never even went to jail for real, and that's why you're taking drugs. Can I be honest though? Jail wasn't even that bad when I was, when I did the stream, I mean, I kind of went a little bit crazy on my phone in there, but it didn't seem like that was that bad. Well, six hours in a fake jail with your phone. That's called being a little bit from my jail. We talk about it. Yeah, but like, that's like, that's nothing like real jail at all. It's not true because in the real jail, you can keyster a phone of your butthole and poop it out, and you have it in your jail cell. Yeah.  Uh... Oh, alright, so what are we hanging out? I think she's coming, where's your spar? Fine, can I bring Jake Paul? I think Jake... I mean, Jake and I were to fight, it would be a big, big news. But we can spar, I don't know if we want to do the cameras, maybe he's welcome to come, sure. Alright, I gotta come all the way to our made-outs, one. I'll do it. I'm gonna beat your ass, kick your ass. Um, let's see here. If I beat you, I want everyone in the chat to remember, one of you say he's coming to Romania, which he's not gonna do. Second, he says there's no shopping sping off, which he's not gonna do. Third, he says he donates many to charity, he's gonna show us how he helps the world, which he's not gonna do. Everyone should just keep track. Can someone make a Twitter account Aiden's Live? They already have that, that's the one... They already have that, that's the craziest part, they already have Aiden's Lives. They already have it. They have lives. I don't know if we can make a viral to show how much crap this man would possibly say. Bro, how did you know? Wait, did you know? Did you know there was already...  You paid for dating lives? Actually, I didn't. I had no idea. That's crazy. Yeah, there you have one. No, but Andrew, real shit, though, bro. You don't see it a lot, but I really do try to help and find ways to help people for real. I really do. Are you in Mania or LA? Where are you? Miami. I got out of that double place. I sold my house out there. I love Miami, man. Miami's good. It's got some good spots in it. If they stop swatting you, you're getting swatted all the time at one point, weren't you? Yeah, I got swatted in person a couple times. But I know in Miami, I have a system with them. They would never allow me to do in LA, but I have a system where I have police roll around me. I pretty much everywhere I go now. They really help me out. There's Miami-Pedia, super, super helpful, and Miami-Pedia is amazing. So they really make sure I'm safe. And other people are safe as well. That's good. Safety's important. That's good. Very important, man. Very important. How's the Romania police system going? Yeah. A unique experience.  Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Um, man, I, um, yeah, man, I, you playing video games, I already playing Smash Bros. Super Smash. Oh, fuck you up, Smash Bros. Stop it. Now you wouldn't. Uh, if I wouldn't mess it up. You, you gotta play me in Mortal Kombat. You're gonna play Mortal Kombat or not? We're gonna spar, that's Mortal Kombat. That's, that's done. Fair enough. But first, you fuck you up with Smash Bros. Then I'll fuck you up with Mortal Kombat for real. I'll take your soul. Like, shank sound. That's the MAP in the heart. Okay, question. Smash Bros. Come here and play Smash Bros. I destroy you. Then we spar. That's our Mortal Kombat. And that's the end of Aiden Ross. And it's career. Fair enough. When I go to last thing before you leave or anything like that. When I go to Romania, can we hang out? Can we cook some more watch movies? Um, and, um, what your favorite movie? I'm curious. I have three favorite movies. Um, there's a movie called The Bronx Still. It's an amazing movie. I'm gonna be able to see it. It's a very, it teaches you a very valuable lesson with life. It teaches you that there's a hard work.  man who's involved in the modern day slavery. He's busing his ass off every day, providing money for his family, and he has the real job. And then there's this gangster who pretty much is like, as witch as fuck and is splurging and he has like the dirty money. And then there's this kid in the middle who's the hardworking man's son, but he decaters more the dirty money. It's just a super good movie. It's like, it's a collateral movie. It's really, really good. Everyone should watch the Bronx still. Daniros in it. It's a movie. That's why my favorite movie though. What about you? What's your favorite movie? You like to make you like to make the other two. I would say my other favorite movies are... I just watched this... There's some good movies, man. How can you say I have three favorite movies and you don't know what they are? It's hard. Okay, okay, okay. I don't understand you as a person. I don't get...  I mean, we have functions just normal. I have three favorite movies. What are they? Let me think of some movies. But I don't know. I don't know. Are you on the spectrum, my G? What's wrong with you? No, Andrew. Yes. S.I.M. actually. What are your favorite movies? Okay, okay, I got you. All right, all right. So the Bronx Tale, for sure. I'm gonna say, this is very casual answer. I'll put this at number three in the Waffle Wall Street. It's a good movie. I just love that movie. And number two, it's either Get Rich or Die Trying, or it's eight mile. Can you rap? Of course. If I write a rap, will you sing it? Yes. I'm gonna take it out right now. I'll say it. I'll write it. Come on, let's do it. Can you see this? Can you see this? Yes, I can see this. All right.  All right. You gonna tie it out or what? I'm typing it right now. Just slow ass, slow ass, old head. Give me a set of fucking, I'm typing, I'm making it up. Okay guys, go ahead. Go ahead. I'm sorry, daddy, space. Double spice daddy. Double spice daddy, I'm sorry. You're a good friend. And? Oh. Mm. What rhymes with lit? Sit. Sit. Take, take, make, wait. Blit. What? You don't have any wit. A blit like a gun. Spit. What? Art, art. Clint, like a woman's clitoris. That's the first, that's the first.  the first line, that's the first verse. All right, here we go. My name is Ada Ross and I chat. No shit, my name is Ada Ross being gays and skit. Drink jugs as faram, it's fun, it's lit. Don't have a girl never ever seen a tit. Man, what the fuck are you writing out for me to wrap? All right, can I write one? And you wrap it? I'm not a rapper. So now you're not a rapper. I'm not a rapper, you're a rapper here. Can I just write a song and you sing it? Sure. Thank you. All right, song. I'm not going to sing it, but I have someone who can sing it very well. OK, I know this very, if we young ladies, she's gorgeous, she's just a voice of an angel. And you can write a song and I will get it professionally sung and recorded for you. OK. Oh. And I'll play it on my words to me. Oh, how was it? How was your day? Oh, my God. So again? I was your day. Good day. How was my day?  It was good my friend my day was alright We have to be grateful for things It's too easy to be Ungrateful so easy to not appreciate the simple things in life if you wake up and you're breathing you should be grateful That's always happy my days always good. There's a lot of things that must be done. They get done Today's been a fantastic day I was asleep like I woke up by my good friend Aiden here. I'm not gonna complain It's not to bitching bro. It's not bitching you got Santa you're just gonna be playing Well you are what you are though. You're pitching a little bit Well, I ought to oh your little knuckle head out of smack you a little bit, huh? I went all across the ball head of yours. Huh? I like when you smile then you know I'm only want to mix you laugh I really bring out your soft side your salt yours. You know you are your gentle giant your sweet are you look a bear You like that little you like a little LG bear right there the little gay bear right there. That's what you are Well, I would have caught you a little huh? Come on, Mr. Day come on Come on, that was funny. No, no smiles. No chuckles I'm a nice guy of course  I don't know why you threw in the gay thing. I'll get them all right. No, no. Oh, I'm on. I am, of course, I'm a nice man. Why would I not be a nice man? I'm a very nice man. Hold on. Are you writing song? Yep. All right. I'll get it recorded for you. I'll put all my words in the meeting on Rumble. Am I allowed to say Rumble on kick? Tough. Rumble. Yeah, you can. Rumble from the wrong. Rumble. You still move to kick. Oh, I'm sticking with Rumble. Rumble, did you see how they just defended Russell Brand? What's the story of Russell Brand, Andrew? Is that like when that guy from Meet the Greek? They're trying to accuse me of being like a rapist, which is not true. Why did they do nothing? Well, I don't know the ins and outs, but what I do know is I broke it down on my last of words to meeting. I have a pretty strong bullshit detector. And uh...  a lot of things that make sense. It's called lying by omission. Do you know what lying by omission means? No. It means if you omit some of the facts, if you hold back some of the story, you can tell a small part of the story even though it may be true, but overall it's a lie because you're omitting some of the very important facts. So, for example, in the recent Russell Brand attack, they said they've contacted 500 or 1000 women who knew him, and they've now found these three women who are accusing us. That's so stupid. Oh, yeah, they omits the 497 women who said he's a nice guy. Right? So, they're lying while omission, and that's the standard out tactic of the matrix. That's what they do. Gotcha. He's upset some people, and he's now under attack, and Rumble had stuck up for him and said, no, we refuse to demonetize him or de-platform him. And I absolutely respect that. And I think that we're in a battle for the good of the world and the good of the universe. And I think that truth is what God always wants us to live under. And the fact that many places in the world today eat, especially...  Internet you can't even save the truth or speak the truth any platform that stands by creators that you're being made Just attack I stand by so I will never leave rumble ever good for you Hold on Okay, I got your own song Okay, can I read it to you first? My name is Andrew taking on a baldie. I really want to take a trip to the Maldives I really want to go but I can't leave the country they got me a lockdown since I got out of jail I was really waiting for 80s letter in the mail, but I can say he really did offer to pay my bail I love a day that's my brother for life if he was a girl. I think I would make him my wife If I was there I would I would have protected him from getting stabbed from that knife I Wasn't that the last line was a bit weird. I don't know what the knife things about but you remember No, Andrew. I don't know that story. So when I was 12 years old and I was in my sleep. I got stabbed  Yeah, it was a pen. No, it was a knife, okay? But Andrew, I got stabbed in my sleep right in your womb. Shave on your womb. Okay. You seen his womb? Yeah. Let me take my shirt off, Andrew. Marising. It's a fucking, he got stabbed with a pen, G. No, I didn't, G. It's embarrassing. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to see some hairy arm, bro. You know what I'm saying? I read Mark right there? That's what you call a wound. I got stabbed at nine stitches. But I snitched out. She... They're not on. They're not on. Jake, that is what you're talking about. Jake, that is what you're talking about. Jake, that is what you're talking about. You can hurt Jake.  Okay, Andrew. So I'm gonna come out to Romania. I'll be there soon. It's not shit coming out of my mouth. It's the real deal. Just I'm gonna come soon, okay? Do you think this is a question, Aiden? Do you think that in the endless quest reviews that the whole streaming society and all of the streaming and all the garbage? Do you think it's getting more and more degenerate and pathetic? Yes. Every time I want everyone to understand, I really, I'm not, I don't consider myself part of any of this ecosystem. I talk on Rumble, I do my show, whatever, but I don't follow it, whatever. But every time I see the all clip here or there, it just seems to just like just getting works. It's like a set space, like a race to the bottom. I get what you're saying. It's like, I get what you're saying. It's like everything just seems to be getting worse.  it seems to be getting worse, more of the generosity, more people just doing crazy or shit. Like, I'm just doing stupid things that they shouldn't be saying. Like, I don't, I don't know where this ends. I don't know how good it can be, but I just feel like the whole streaming ecosystem is getting more to generate by the day. Right, right. I, um, I think the internet is getting worse. I think people are continuing to do the most for the camera. I think people are willing to literally do all, all, all just for the camera for the, for the cloud. Now it's we're not weird spot, bro. The internet is very, it's getting very weird for real. It's getting very weird. What's the weirdest thing we've seen in the last month? I probably don't know about it. Tell me on the internet. Yeah. What did I see? Oh, okay. I saw a girl advertised her only fans through her little brother. So I saw a girl, Andrew, sit got like, don't look a little like skate video ticked.  talk, saying, hey, what do you think about your sister having only fans or something like that? And then like, it was just crazy. I couldn't believe it. It went viral on Twitter. But it was super fucking crazy. You know, that's just flat out demonic at that point, you know? Where do you think this all ends? What's the final end state? It won't end. People are going to start doing the crazy shit. It's going to get worse. I think that's why I really, I really agree with Trump's policies. And he wanted to ban TikTok, for example. TikTok, I love TikTok. I mean, you got to adopt me in adrenaline when you swipe. You know what I'm saying? It's a very addictive app. It makes our attention spend super low. Peanut brains, right? I just, I have really believed that we're just trying to, they're trying to dumb us down even more. There's literal NPCs on TikTok. All the comments section. It's just, it's just getting worse, bro. Really is. So how do we fight against that?  fight the matrix to save the world even. Not a lot of people can wake up. I feel like I, in myself, I've woken up sometimes, then it's super easy to get distracted in this world, the society of the living Andrew. It's super easy to get distracted because there's so many distractions going on. I think if you're around the right people, if you are connected through religion and the spiritual level of things and you have a high vibration, you can kind of like avoid all distractions and really focus on your main, you know, yourself. The real ones will prevail. And who's the most famous streamers in the world right now? I don't even know that. Who's who's like the big boys of stream? Um, myself, Kai, speed, uh, XQC and this guy named, um, Jynxie, you haven't heard about. I want to, Jynxie's great. He's fucking amazing. He's, he's new and up and coming. He's been doing this for years, but he's getting his blow up, his final blow up, he's getting, you know, he's getting his shit in. So you should unite like the Avengers and you should put together a plan to make sure that all the millions of youth, which  pay attention to your stream, learn important things and not just because entertaining is fine, but clowns entertain, you should educate, you should teach people things. That's what you should do. You should sit down with the others and you should say, you know what, all these young people pay attention to us. We do, we have all these massive audiences and it's huge influence. Let's make sure on every share we mentioned something positive and try and encourage people and influence the world in a positive way. I love the reason my fan, I don't think a lot of people understand how fervent my fan base is and the reason for it is because anybody who listens to what I say, their life genuinely improves. If I if I teach people things or people watch my shows and they obey what I say or they listen to me, their life genuinely gets better which is why they're so emotionally invested in what I say, but you should be doing the same thing. You shouldn't just be looking to entertain, you should be looking to actually educate and help people. So you and all these other streamers you just mentioned, you should start a little group chat and say, you know what, this week we're gonna talk about whatever and you should do something positive for the world. That's what you should do, Aiden. If you let me know what the topic is each week I might even chime in. I might even review your  work and go through and obviously you won't be as good as I can do it of course and correct you etc etc but overall if we work as a team we might build something fantastic for the planet wouldn't that be amazing wouldn't that be good it be it be it be more than amazing you know that's that's like you know that point you know it really is yo we should get a house together me and you we should really live together no no why bro we could do so much together so many projects and shit why not what project what project what project could I possibly need you for it what do you mean there's so much we could do together like me you we could create projects on projects on projects and um we could change the world what could we do well I mean what could you help me with I'm genuinely asking I actually  I sat and spoke with Tristan at length about you as a person. I said By educating Aiden and correcting him of his ills and trying to direct him away from sin I do believe by proxy we can help the world you even said I'm gonna get in fantastic shape I'm gonna inspire somebody kids to that but you're just a waste of time. You just a liar. You don't do anything I have you know I have you know you've never been addicted to something in your life before clearly No, no Addiction I'm just saying if you if you have never if you've never been addicted to something you wouldn't know I'm just telling you right now the internet. It's easy to clown move for addiction, Andrew, but I Was addicted I got off that shit. I mean I fucked up, but it's not too late. I'm 22. I have a tons of time You have tons of time. That's right. Okay, you can't talk me addiction because that's a cop out and that's an excuse I don't agree to excuse I agree to the excuse I'm interested. I don't care what your stupid excuses But you all grown and you know what the right decision and the wrong decision is and the fact that you went out of your way to procure a Substance to drink you  tried very hard to get it. I'm not gonna sit and pretend that you're somehow a victim to this shit. That whole mentality is broken and wrong. The victim mentality that oops, it happened to me is the reason why it happens in the first place. You should happen to life. Life shouldn't happen to you, my friend. So you should wake up and say no, I decide what I do with my life and I take absolute accountability for all the actions I undertake. And every single thing that I do with my body and my mind is my conscious decision. The fact you're still framing it as in, it happened to you and you had no part to play, shows you've yet to learn your lesson. I don't give a shit. I would dictate you believe you were. Bro, I could quit food. I, during Ramadan, I quit food. I can quit food. You're talking about addiction. I quit food, gee. So don't talk to me about addiction. I can go without food, without water, without fucking cigars. I went without my family, without phone calls. I sat in a room by myself staring at a wall. Don't talk to me about addiction. It's bullshit and it's a cop out and you know it is. You're right, I'm sorry, that was wrong. I'm with accountability, right? It is a cop out. Take it out, bitch.  You're going to do it again. What I'm saying is these massive platforms, this massive platform all of you guys have, you should get together and you should try and do something interesting. You should raise the global consciousness, especially amongst the youth of very important issues which are not discussed in the world today. There's very important things that nobody are talking about. Yeah. I agree with you on that part, bro. You know, I do. I do. You're right. It's a cop out. It's an excuse. I'm always right. What else happened in streaming world? Come on, educate me on the dramas or anything else interesting. Where's all just you miss? You miss Fuzzi. Fuzzi was like a super. He's going to come back, but he's a super entertaining streamer. He was doing he was going a lot like pretty much every second of the day. Is it okay to go into an a joints? Oh, bro. Can he join? Yeah. Yeah.  Oh fuck it, go on then. Okay, he's gonna, I'm gonna tell him right now. Okay, let me see real quick. He's getting a shit set up. All right, so Fuzi, he's right down to mental spot because he was streaming so much, he was doing such a crazy good job. That like he kinda like, kinda just kinda lost it, but he's doing a lot better now. I talked to him, he's getting the proper medical attention. He needs and he'll be back very soon. But Fuzi was doing insane, setting insane milestones and doing some really crazy numbers. He was really doing a good job as far as what he was doing. That's good. What I know about the incident, I'm so glad that's good. What else have you missed in the streaming world? Let's see, what else, Chad? No, there's no- How famous would you say you are out of 10, Eden?  and like you're like 10 out of 10. No, no, no, no, no. I would say out of how famous am I, I'm probably like a six. Do you get recognized all the time in the street? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't go anywhere that security. Did they say nice things to you? Or do they say mean things to you, dude? Uh, nice things. I've never had anyone say do some weird shit, except for this one time I was streaming in this guy who's dressed up as a Jew. He called me like a disgrace to my religion. Oh, yeah, it's interesting. But I've never had anyone really do anything like weird, bro. I've never maybe like once, twice maybe. But no, I mean, everyone, it's really nice, bro. I think people in the comments when they talk shit, they just do it because it gets the likes. But in person, if they see me, I don't, I think there's an illusion that I get a lot of hate on them Twitter, like the left community though. Like, you know what I mean? Like the laughs hate me, they just hate me. Oh, yeah, but they're not really.  people their grommelons. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So I mean they hate me. I gots. They do. They want me to die. They tell me to kill myself. They tell me to do all these horrible things. I, uh, the left hates me, but I don't, I don't really get hate from, um, from like in person. No, I don't, I don't. The non-apacing. I believe you completely because I have never had a negative interaction with anybody male or female ever. Yeah. Found. You can look home up to me. Male and female and nobody has said anything bad ever. In fact, my biggest fans are women. My biggest fans are women. Women love the things I say. Finally, you're saying it. I want a man like you blah, blah, blah. I never have anything negative said to me. So I do believe you don't only on the internet. Don'ts on my lens and comments and coverage. Don'ts on the way. But yeah, I agree, bro. I don't know what it is, but okay, what is, okay. So in the last 10 years, Andrew, the internet has gotten progressively worse and it's made people do the most for the camera and stuff. It's just progressively getting worse. So you asked me, what do you think is next? What do you think the world we're heading? Let's just say it gets to  20 sorry, 2030 in seven years from now. What what's next? I probably won't be on the internet anymore, but what's next? I don't want to be arrogant, but I do believe me personally by myself has been a massive cultural shift. I don't want to be arrogant, but I actually do believe that. So I'll give you some examples like part in poppin' bowls, doing drugs, all this garbage. I don't think that's cool anymore. I think working hard, training hard, dedicating yourself to God, being an upstanding citizen, doing the right thing. I think that's much cooler than it used to be. If you look at the people who are on Instagram even, right? Five, six years ago, it was all about part in and bottles and stuff. Now the biggest accounts are about fitness and health, which are all eight. You did shave it. I think it shifted. And I remember when I was first canceled, and I was deleted from everything. I did Patrick Bat David's podcast, and I said, I think they made a mistake banning me because they underestimate how strong my fan base is, and they understand that. They miss...  understand that I'm dedicating people towards truth and the harder they can I say one thing? Can I say one thing, I want to add this in when you got been Did I you know you got canceled and I was still a man that full leftist platform that I not still check in with you Is say get on get on this shit talk your shit. I don't give a fuck, bro I'll always still buy you and live for you, bro. I never betrayed you That's true, but I do think I do think that we were shifting global consciousness and I like to think That overall we're doing good for the world and you're saying where's the world heading? I don't know the streamer world's kind of a unique one But in my experience, I think we're actually in a better place I think we're actually doing better. We have more truth now on the internet than we ever before we're starting a little bit more Freedoms are trying to clamp down on us, but we can talk about different points of you different opinions I don't think that the psychos on the left have the control they had before Elon came along and bought Twitter And we have some other platforms like rumble and etc. We can tell the truth on right and I do think that consciousness is shifting I just think that the streaming  community is one of the unique ones left where people are still trying to race to the bottom as opposed to just do good things for people and just try and be a good person. So if I was if I was a streamer which I'm not but if I streamed every day I just dedicate my stream every day to just trying to do amazing stuff in the world. I'll just say hello here's what I'm doing in Nigeria today hello here's what I'm doing in Gambia today here hello here's what I'm doing in the more often earthquake. Can I try and actually help the world and I think that that's a better thing to do than just talk shit. I know I know it's not for everybody but I think that overall I think global consciousness is shifting I'm trying to be positive. I know because to agree I've martyred myself and I've damaged my own life to tell the truth and to inspire people to be upstanding people and I think that maybe I feel better if I feel like I've been successful in that goal. So I do heavily believe that like you've had a shift in the in the in the in the world. My bad Jake can you move your mic a piece of TV? Oh you're all good you're good.  So I think you added a shift in the world. I think what you've done, you made it not cool anymore. Like I think if you go to the club and shit and you flex all these bottles and these girls in your section, it's not the same, bro. It's like who cares anymore, right? Nobody cares. Nobody cares anymore. It's over done. It's outplayed, it's over done. It's like, I don't really, I just don't understand anymore the, the fact like, the internet now you did shift it, bro. And honestly you made it, you made freedom of speech kind of come back on the internet. It was getting really bad, bro. If I would say something that was controversial, I'd be canceled in band, you added a shift and you added so much influence on basically having people not really get canceled as much. You kind of shifted cancel culture in a way. Yeah, I led it from the front and you're right, I did shift cancel culture because they overstepped with me and they'll only guarantee you a power is that one day you're gonna lose it because you overuse it and they overused it with my cancellation and opened up the...  I mean I opened up a way for people to not be canceled I was the first guy to get canceled and get more famous than ever before so nobody fears anymore And I don't regretting the things I've said I stick by what I've said like women still can't park cars I'll step see her right now and say women can't park right see him old ration. I mean what I say I say what I mean And now that I'm on switch I'm a guru if you bro girls can't drive for shit facts But Andrew like but that's what I'm saying you were ahead of it and and again like now when I give flowers to people It's considered dick sucking in my fucking in my world. I'm not dick sucking. I'm really seeing facts you You really you were first to do all these things you were growing so quick You were the number one most Google person they had a trying to wait a shut you down because of how much influence you Right, and they would blame you when kids at school would mystery people because they would see these little clips Like oh top G whatever but so you'd get you'd kind of get like the blame for the toxicity from the youth But it really is not your fault. That's just  how you kind of, they would just see the funny clips, not the actual truth you would speak, you know? Yeah, I mean, that's what they try and do because that's how the Matrix works. It lies by omission. It takes very small parts of the overall picture. Yeah, and it amplifies the small parts it wants to, to try and paint an error of which happens to be false. That's what they do as a whole. The Matrix lies by omission constantly and permanently. Right, I got more of all of my heart, but I'm a force for good. And I don't regret anything I've ever said. I don't need to regret it. I mean everything I've said, I stick by it. But I do think that we're internal consciousness where now all the shit that used to be cool isn't cool anymore. And we have to decide what the new cool is. And the new cool is yeah, training and working hard and taking care of your family and believing in God. Yeah, that's all cool, but there has to be a stage after that. So what is out to that? What is that? Well, no, we're gonna see because you can't be a hero without a villain, right? Right. I don't think people at home understand that. I understand very well the harder they attack me, the more important my message is and the more important.  message becomes you can't be a hero without a villain so we're gonna have to see what they try and pose on the world and what slavery comes next that we have to resist against but I think that inspiring people to be brave and strong and perspacation some pay attention and notice things is a very important tool and a very important way to resist a matrix as a whole so I don't know once the last time you read the news I don't do it anymore I can't it's bullshit it's all alive it's all what you get your real news from you honestly nowadays I don't know you know it's crazy now it's even on Twitter you just now with Elon Musk allowing everyone to be verified you don't know what's real what's fake anymore you you know what I mean you you see all these accounts that are verified Twitter was my my main news because I'm not I'm not I'm not your generation so I'm my jacket agreed the youth we check Instagram and Twitter we don't really we don't really go on like the news news you're going I'm saying that's really our parents so the news is fake in 90% of it what you see is really fake words  It's very um what's exaggerated so I don't know what's real what's what's fake Andrew It's hard to tell you have to really just see for yourself. I guess that's something that's not seen We have to teach people to to turn the truth from the lies. We do that. We can save the world So Andrew seeing is believing right? I don't really you can't really if I tell you something Right and I'm a news outlet and I tell you something First of all give you an example Andrew. I was in New York City by the way New York is horrible now Andrew All these NPCs I would go around and ask them how many genders are there they couldn't they couldn't answer it They were afraid I'd be like so when you're out of gender review how many how many colors are there when you pop the balloons Two how many genders are there they wouldn't do it they couldn't say right check check this out Andrew I would ask you will Trump provided I'm a black woman I can never vote Trump because I'm black and he's racist And I'd be like chumber Biden a Biden isn't Trump and jail. Oh, he that must mean he's dealt the of something these people don't really  do their own research. They look at these, they look at these, they look at these articles that they see Trump indicted because of charges. They try to really pin it on Trump. I look at you and Trump, I would love to see you and Trump eventually have some type of conversation. I need to see it. That is, that is something I need to see happen. You and Trump, right? Because these people are so brainwashed by the front page, they're afraid to click it. It's just everything is super propaganda. Everything, everything. Well, it takes a degree of bravery to resist a slave mind. That's one of the things that's lacking in the world today. That's why I was seen as such a threat because I was trying to, I was inspiring bravery amongst men to stand up and have an opinion which is counter to the culture. Right. Having an opinion which is different than the news says requires a degree of bravery because you will be attacked for that. Look at what's happening to Russell right now. This is what happens. What did he say though? What did he say to, to, to, for, for them to start coming from the, I went against big farm and went against the vaccines and now this is appeared. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. To do.  I mean, who funds the MSM? Do you pay for it? No. Well, what's the MSM? What did I say? What is that? What would he pay for that shit? What's the MSM? Mainstream media. Who funds it? I mean, the government does, right? Big farm of funds it. Big what? Amongst others. So if you attack them, they're gonna hit back, right? Of course. Yeah, that makes sense. You can't come out their mainstream media or else they'll come at you. So it makes sense. I, it's just, I gotta see Trump pay. I gotta see it, bro. I gotta fucking see it. And you guys are on rumble. I gotta see it. Chad, we gotta see Trump take. Do you think he's gonna win the next election? I think, you know what's funny, Andrew? The shit in cancel culture, what you've done. I'm not saying Andrew Tate is the reason why Trump's gonna win the election. What I'm saying what you've done is you've made people realize you know what? Look what they're doing to Andrew Tate. They're trying to pin him down with all this bullshit because he's speaking the truth. Now look.  Russell same shit look at Trump same shit they're trying to speak the truth and help people Trump is our best bet right now we have as far as the life you know what I mean he's all we got we can't go with sleepy Joe Joe Biden he he was a lot about the being uh uh uh uh the that what would he say about the 9-11 a lot about being out of school the day after yes right he lied about that he he can't even um formerly the proper sentence uh Andrew he he doesn't know what he's saying if he wasn't in office he would be in a retirement home you know it's the it's the truth I you know so what I'm saying is they're trying to force Biden to come and get it reelected again and I think since cancel culture is shifted Andrew I think seeing people are people seeing that Trump is being indicted for some bullshit they're like okay now I want Trump back because look at like this look what Biden's doing he's funneling money from Ukraine he's pocketing a bunch of fucking money Andrew bunch of fucking money from Ukraine  And you're more sure, EG, you keep talking like this. And you were given, we're giving you pre-ing $70 billion, but why are people in Maui burning right now? We're giving $700 a household. Come on, Andrew, that's not right. We're giving Maui. You're starting to understand how the whole world works. You're starting to understand it all. I remember when we first spoke. I remember before I was canceled, I was talking about the matrix. Seven dolls crazy. I was like, well, they talked about the matrix. What's he talking about? And now look, as each passing day comes, I'm more and more vindicated. People understand everything I've ever said is true. It's all orchestrated. And a lot of people think that the system is broken. They think all the system is broken because the politicians don't do what we want. And the poor get poorer and the rich get richer. But they don't understand the system is not broken. The system is operating exactly as it's supposed to operate. It's always been designed to operate this way. It's been designed so the average person has no power. It's been designed so the poor get poorer and the rich get richer. That's it. It's operating exactly as it's supposed to. It's a rigged system at the end of the day. It's a rigged system. And that's why I love the movie The Bronx, that everyone's got to watch.  him telling you. You got to watch it too. It shows the man that's working the modern day slavery, busting his ass, working the correct job he's a bus driver, and then it shows the dirty Monday guy, the hustler. It shows a collateral, a collateral life. It shows like two and two. It shows this guy's not getting paid shit. Man, I'm a wage. What he's busting his ass of that, it shows the hustler. You know, people are really now, Andrew, I think what you've done, you really help understand, you help young men understand, especially like it's, you got to wake the fuck up and you got to not really be stuck in his modern day slavery trap forever. You know, it's a good, you're giving people a good mindset. I just want people to keep it. It's hard. I'm telling you, Andrew, you might, you might save me a bunch of things. We used to see your clips on TikTok, Andrew, they took you off TikTok. Andrew, my TikTok with you, I know it was, what the fuck you see, you ain't even my balls yet, or whatever the fuck the gay TikTok I did with you, whatever, they took it down. Your band on TikTok, your face is banned, your voice is banned. Why? Because your clips would give young men enlightenment, and when they would scroll, they would see, they would stop and  You were doing that for the young men. So now a bunch of young men, unfortunately, they're going back to their old ways because we don't see you anymore. I'm not trying to say, when you would really be on people's pages a lot, it was easy to lock in Andrew, but now we're then distracted by bullshit and this and that and this. So it's harder sometimes because we don't have a lot of you. We don't have a lot of people that are really trying to help. You understand what I'm saying? That's right, that's why you're going to put the Avengers together. Put the Avengers together and talk about an important topic every week and update me each week on what the topic is. I'm very curious. I think the most important topic that we don't get alive is young men's and mental health. Everyone thinks that men's mental health is a pussy shit and all these things. But you know, Andrew, a lot of men, they suck a lot of anxiety and a lot of stress and a lot of a lot of a lot of a depression and I think men's mental health is a very big.  thing that needs to be discussed more taken seriously. Do you know why a lot of men are depressed? The internet is a bigger... The reason why depression has gone up is because the internet happens to even... Because life is a man is depressing. If you're a normal average man, your life's ups. Of course you're depressed. Your life's shit. Girls don't want you. You're expected to have money. Girls think men just have money, gee. If I go on a date, the women I date, the beautiful women I date, every man she's ever known in her life has been rich. Men just have money. She doesn't know where from. She doesn't care where from. She doesn't care where from. Why do you just expect you to have arms? You're like, no, you got arms, you got money, you got legs, you got face, you got money. It's normal. They don't even... Because in their world, when you're that beautiful, you don't talk to broke guys. You never broke man. You never sat with them. You never paid any attention to them. Every man you've ever dated or been with is rich. So you're normal, do. And they expect you just to pull out...  You can't do that. You're a loser to them. Right? I've seen women do want to date a man who's short and broke, but to rich men, they're all short, brokeies to us, but they don't want to do it the other way around. So the reason men are depressed is because the life for the average man is a very depressing life. You have huge societal expectations. We constantly talk about the societal expectations on girls and how it's unfair that we have these beauty standards they can't match. Look at the societal expectations on men. We're expected to be rich. We're expected to be smart and interesting. We're expected to be things we can't even help. We're judged for our height. Far more than the girl is judged for anything about her. And if she has something she's not happy about, she can change it with surgery. You can't change a lot of the things about you as a man. It's not all of them. It's true. So the reason a lot of men are depressed is because the lives are depressing. I'd be depressed if I was most men because the lives are unremarkable. It also doesn't help the average man. He looks at social media.  He sees people flexing cars and all these things, you know, it's cool to you. Some men use as motivations so motivating I want to be like this guy. I want it. Well, how do I do it? You know what I mean? How do I how do I but the men that don't understand and they and they and they don't use that motivation? They might look at us like damn like damn this guy's the way better than me, you know? So Bleedley. Yeah, yeah, in terms absolutely another otherly another massive factor in amplifying depression rates amongst the populists completely. It was a normal dude and I saw well, I don't have it But back when I had it, I would have sought my profile. I'd be pissed. I'd be furious. Like who? Look at this guy. How he lives. Yeah, I agree with you. No, I mean it's It isn't shitting so there's a reason a lot of men are depressed because life is a man is depressing But the the bottom line behind it the red pill is that nobody cares about men and nobody cares that we're depressed That's it. That's it. They pretend they care and they say oh, we care about mental health But then what do they offer as a prescription? They offer more of the slave mind more obedience more complicity They want us to sit there and be better slave  But that's never going to result in happiness for a man. You're not going to be happy with yourself inside of your heart You're not going to be respected by women You're never going to be rich and successful inside of every single man. There's a rebel We like the idea of standing up and saying the things we're not supposed to say we like the idea of standing up You stick them by what we believe in protecting and providing for the people we care for even those things are seen as wrong now If I sit with these matrix-minded liberal psychos and say that I pay for my girlfriend's life and I pay for my mother's life I take care of all the women in my life They see me as oppressive and dangerous because I take care of people because I'm a nice person because I give people money It's crazy So these people the only prescription they have is a it's further down the slave mind Anyone who buys that is going to be annihilated by themselves And this is what I say when a lot of people have sent me and you're why haven't you just disappeared and given up this war is here And the war is not going anywhere You can either stand up and resist the slave mind resistant matrix and fight the war against them It feels true to yourself and true to your heart or you can give into their program and fight a war against yourself Because you're going to sit there depressed arguing with your own mind  all day, I'm sure why you're constantly unhappy. Men are unhappy because the life path which has been laid out for us is a depressing one. It's a depressing one. That's why men are depressed. It's a depressing life. Damn, it's true. Girls have it so much, like girls like really have it like the average girl has it so much easier if you think about it. Like, it's different, I guess it's different, but like it's not, it's, it's, it's corny and it's like super fucking like pussy to like if you're a man and you, how do I put this in the right words? Like, well, you just talked about like it's, it's almost as like it's like not talked about ever. The average man like being depressed and like, it needs to be talked about more. It needs to be, people need to be more vocal about it. People need to really, that's why Andrew, I really believe school so outdated as you and I both though that schools are so outdated. That average man is in debt, right? Andrew, like, would you say what percentage of man is in debt? I think everybody's in debt and you have the education.  system is fed center Kenny ways designed for females to excel over men and New York City and why you we were interviewing them And they were saying that their tuition is a hundred and a year To be an NYU and they were learning about genders in their fucking school. They were telling me They're learning about gender shit in their school So they're being taught bullshit and paying a hundred and a year So by the time they get out with a bachelor's which probably a bachelor's really doesn't do anything anymore You need to go for like a fifth or six year. So they're gonna pay five hundred grand come out with a Degree there to be five or granted debt They're probably the degree and they can't and that's not even guaranteeing a job anymore The school system is so outdated and I generally believe that schools high schools particularly He did be teaching students about mental health and they need to be teaching people about What's right and what's wrong and like what matters in the real world? Why in schools? I not taught about expressing my feelings And talking about real shit why in school am I learning about shit? They won't apply to me One is the last time you ever use the profound in fucking theorem or a periodic table, right? Why am I not learning about?  certain shit like that taxes. They want us to come out and just know this shit. I don't know how to fucking education. The educational system is not designed to free you from the matrix. It's designed to prepare you for the matrix. It's designed to prepare you for slavery. Yeah. Yeah. This is why I'm seeing this such a threat. So the UK government has banned me from schools and they say that I'm dangerous to the children. It's not because I'm making the kids say anything wrong or do anything bad. It's because I'm teaching them that you can learn more about life and about how to be successful for me than you can from their degrees. That's what it is. People come and they they join my newsletter which is free. Cobertate.com. I have a completely free newsletter will teach you more about life and more about making money and more about success and more about mental fortitude than you will ever learn in your five year or five hundred grand degree from NYU. Sure. It's true. So Andrew the new word they're spamming when we talk now is gap. You know what it is? It's because these TikTok kids came up with a terminology called yapping. These TikTok peanut brains and what it is is they don't have a high attention span. So anytime that we're having a real conversation it's flying right through. It's coming out this year.  the other year, they can't get a grip on a fuss and top it. They want us to run around and scream and be stupid and jump and throw off the viewers and garbage, which is fine because no, but it's fine because for there to be winners, there has to be losers. Yeah. Anybody who can't pay attention to people who are living the life they want to live. Yeah. And one of the reasons I'm so successful is because I'm so financially successful, much more than people would even possibly believe. I told you how much money I have, you wouldn't even believe. I think you told me in person like a ballpark or some shit, but like I was a damn, I'd be honest. It is way more than what people say it is. I'm going to be honest. What? Yeah. I have a very fantastic life. And if people can't sit and pay attention and say, look, this guy's living the life I want to live. I should listen to him because they'd rather it be caught down and condensed into a few second clips or because nobody's throwing a drink or acting like an asshole. It's not interesting to them than they're born to lose. I agree. There has to be losers for there to be winners. So that's not a problem to me. I'm not overly concerned with the losers of the world. What I am concerned.  with and the people I do care about are the people who are smart enough to look at their life and look around them and say I'm only gonna Live once perhaps I will live into attorney that's a spiritual question But I'm living on this version of reality on this person once this is my existence and it shit And I want to be better, but you're never gonna be able to Excel as an individual if you can't pay attention to anything ever so you're right. Yeah, tick talk has destroyed the brains of the youth tick talk It's destroyed the world and it's not just to notice also streaming bro I know that's why I asked about the student culture every single person I see on stream is doing some dumb shit I grew to honestly streaming is you'd stand for sure It wasn't always like this for I've been streaming for years Andrew a lot before a lot of the new y-was It's it's it wasn't always like this the chat is different now the community is different that people are different than what it was before It's because what's happening now is they're coming from tick talk. They'll see a clip They're like okay, cool. I'm gonna catch him next time he's live and they're gonna bring that negativity tick talk attention Brand and peanut brain into a to a chat and they basically want to see people do the most  for the camera and so the streamer is pressured because that's his job. It has to entertain he has to perform so it brings him to a damn what do I do? How do I perform? It plays with this mental and the reason I'm speaking because I've had it before. I completely believe you I believe you but I still do I like to be positive and I do think the consciousness is changing and I think that we're entering a reality where there is going to be a shift. Who's the third person who's going to dance this on the way? Dylan. Dylan. Dylan. Um, but now I'm in a new stage of consciousness and there's going to be two types of people. People who want to get better and live a good life and people who don't. So you guys have a same tattoo? The shades and everything. Dylan, you've a same cat as him? No, I can't really hear you. How do I do this? You got to turn your mind up on your phone or do you have to speak about that thing maybe? I hear you now. Yeah.  yo. Kind of hard to hear you. Let me show you headphones. Air pods might work. Yeah. All right, Hollins, let me have headphones. I didn't realize I only have my phone. Why do you guys have the same tattoo? It's obvious. That's why. So wait, should I get it then? Do you have any tattoos? Well, it's a rom, right? Andrew to get a tattoo? Is it a lot of people? We're the Andrew in Islam and the Muslim culture and the religion. If you had tattoos, if you had to, if you had tattoos prior to conversion, right? Like it's okay, right? Yeah, it's a reversion. Yes, and I'm not an Islamic scholar. I'm still learning along with everybody else. And I'm very careful about talking about the religion because I believe it's a beautiful religion. I have a lot of respect for it. I don't want to ever get anything wrong. But when you river all of your sins are forgiven. Gotcha. Oh, yes.  Yeah, no one's good This is not really the fuck is he wearing? Oh, there you go. Yeah, we're good. Well, I have no sure on take your shirt off. Okay Andrew you see me in the train or not? I saw you I saw him on the ground crying. I was trying to man him up, but it's pretty tough. You know, I was even trying to fight backwards You just like squirm with little girl I know He just squirms like a little girl You did you're out of my fucking weight class I actually removed the same way to be honest. I think why you put you to survive going to film a comfortable guy? Because make me feel insecure. I think I'm happy right I'm gonna go pee all right you guys go ahead and I catch up Bearing back the ones to fight Dylan Over 14 chat. Let me know if it's out of your mouth. Who's up to us, man? It's I don't know what to do. It's bullshit. Quarter to every day. Oh law fair bro. That's what they do That's what the this always been the primary weapon of the matrix law fair. They  just attack you with lawsuit and they try and drain you financially and try and distract you. It's endless. I think Logan does a one minute job. I think that's where I'm at right now. I think he doesn't want to fight me. I think he's just trying to get me to get the pull out somehow so that he looks like he's around you know. I don't know. I was bullshit. This is all going through him. You know. Even if I win the case, I still have to pay over $400,000 and just attorney fee, lawyer fee. So it's like, just bullshit. When I'm promoting a fight, this is the biggest fight he's ever done. Or event he's ever done. And I made the whole that like it's your full shipment. You did make the event interesting. I'll give you that. I have to be you certainly made it interesting. You do say you're out of your boxing. I have to do something. Come on. I mean, we're not going to talk about me and him boxing. We're both not boxer. It has to be something else. You know. And you're joking. Interesting topic. I'm proud to stay neutral because I'm in the middle of a judicial process. I don't know. I can say that you made it interesting. Let's put it out. No, I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm the honest you did.  You didn't hold. But one thing I'll tell you, this would have never worked if it wasn't Logan, if he wasn't a scumbag, and if it wasn't true what was being, all this stuff I put out about his girl is real. Everything is real, and that's the only reason it works. And I never said anything about her. I never put your avoidance to that. I just put pictures up to it, and I just let the people decide. So that's how it went. And I think it would only work against Logan. If I was talking about this in Fourier, or something like that, or someone else, I don't think it would have worked, the same way, so that's my opinion on it. Dylan, I'm not getting any second. So he's making all the money off this, and now he's trying to sue me, so like fuck him, man. Sorry. What do you think, Hayden? I'm saying, are you, so if you're being sued up the ass, are you guys still gonna fight? Yeah, it's worse, folks, yeah, but like, what's the point in this? Like, I'm getting another lawsuit, another lawsuit every single day. I have to go to the gym. I got guys waiting at the gym trying to fucking serve me papers. I can't go to the gym. Now they talk to my fucking apartment, and I'm trying to get swired at all.  time like it's fucked up. Welcome to the turn around. We've all been swatted. Me, Andrew, and you now. So, you know what? The club is. I guess so. Yeah, just bullshit, bro. I'm just fucking with the training, but you know, he's an easy fight, so I don't really don't want. Yeah, it's law fair. It's endless. And you make, I mean, I like to consider myself an arbitrator of truth. I like to consider myself a pretty fair guy. What you just said is pretty fair. You're presenting information without comment and you're allowing people to come to their own conclusions. And the only reason I'm getting more upset now I heard and I'm going at her is because she's suing me and she's suing me over trying to lie saying, I had to snapchat in 2014 on a iPad. I'm like, I don't even know where the hell you were. It's as a 14. Like, it's all bullshit stories. I didn't mean me look like a bad guy that hacked their stuff, never had to anybody stuff. Those pictures are all easily found online, you know? Like I could prove that everything was online already. So even though chat don't wear out love and hell got into the box match. I'll have to pay my attorney fees and my  lawyer fees, this case can go off for two or three years. So like, it's just bullshit, you know, I'd rather give that money to people or to the people that he's gambled in. And that's a yeah, that's a law fair work. They attack you endlessly. And I mean, Logan and I have had our disagreements in the past. That's that's certain. But um, he was entertainer, you know, I thought he would have understood the promotion side of this, you know, so I guess not, I guess he can't handle it. He's egotistical. He can't handle when he gets the fire put on him. He kicked control in narrative. He just sews. So just like, Chris, I mean, uh, you know, Dylan, later this week or next week, would you be down to do, uh, what I did with Fury and KSI? Would you and Logan be down to come into this score together on my stream? No, I don't know. I'm sure. I don't mind doing that stuff with him. It's just, he's kind of, he talks over you. He yells. He says this whole WWE thing. It's just like really, you know, I didn't talk to him. But I mean, I don't mind. And when you, whenever you make a good point, he'll just be like, he'll go to the next thing and then he'll just like try to start yelling.  again and try to not let you prove a point. He's just really like, you know, he doesn't know how to have a discussion. Okay. Do you think he's happy with his relationship? I think now, no, I don't know. I think I think I think that I think he didn't know a lot of things that I know and I know a lot of things that I don't put out there. How many guys that she's done like it's so crazy shit that she's a crazy girl. Like I don't know. I think he might be happy, but I don't know. I think he's going to get the divorce. He's going to get half his money taken in a couple of years. Jesus. But that I mean, yeah, I'm not, I'm not here to personally attack anybody, but I do think they're in my personal experience. I'll speak from my own personal experience. In my personal experience, women who have been with lots of guys, they struggle to stay dedicated to a guy. Especially the girl that has been with over celebrities wise, probably 30, 30 celebrity men and then regular guys probably over 100.  maybe more than I know of that I haven't put out there. And like guys that I, like there's guys there in the city, like just like club guys that have dated her for like months on that, taking her to wedding. And like multiple groups, you know, she grew up in New York city. So she was just like that kind of normal, socialite girl that dated every single club guy. Stuff like that. He was actually presented. So it's the way he was presented to her is from a club guy. He's a promoter. And basically like, you know when you go out and you guys probably have done this, like, you know, you go out with a promoter, they wanna bring you chicks and they do that and they kinda think just like look good. So he was actually brought her by a club promoter and then you had to marry her. That's how they got together. That's a story. There's a reason why men, how you innocence in women. I think the innocence makes, it's very attractive to us instinctually. And I think there's a bunch of reasons for it, but also one of the reasons for it is because we understand that psychological damage affects everybody and break up so psychologically damaging. And as a man, you're supposed to have scars and you're supposed to go through difficult things and have trials and tribulations and be a damage.  person to be a good man the best man of had hard lives but I don't think the best women of had hard lives I think a woman who's been through a bunch of trauma usually ends up struggling to some degree and she doesn't manage to dedicate herself fully to the next relationship and I mean I'm not here to wish any harm on anyone like I said I don't care. I don't care. I mean I don't hold this case. I'm in a very interesting situation but yeah of course. Yeah I don't wish I don't wish to divorce and I don't wish all these bad things on them. I mean like that that doesn't matter. I'll just put facts out there. I mean I don't really give two shit about the kids life. I hope he goes on and whatever. Look at those we have to do but you know it's a fight at the end of the day. We're promoting a fight and yeah when you're not gonna play, my gloves are basically off. I mean yeah that's a fight to promote. It's especially what it's two guys I mean one guy I never boxed and the second guy I never want to fight. So what do we got to talk about? Our left and right hooks like no one wants to hear about that shit. When's the future? Whatever we've been talking about you know what I mean? So I had to make a mistake. There's a reason that he picked me. I made trouble.  I made drama and I did it. Now making him a shit ton of money. So you did it. You did it. You did it. You did it. It can't be denied. You did it. And as for the future and what it holds for him, I guess it's his decision. I guess he feels like he knows or on a way that other people don't know. But we can only talk from our personal experiences. And I think that men is a whole all across the planet. All men value or all men respect women who are extremely exclusive or have extreme. What is a lot of, sorry, sorry, what is a lot of what is considered for a girl? A lot of bodies or a lot of what would you guys consider a lot of what would you say then first? I think it depends on the age. Is that a good okay? Okay. So like I would say my age under 31 is 31. So you're going to her age. If you're going to marry a 31. Okay. So I was 30 years old and now it is. I'm 30 years old and I'm not specifically low. I'm not going to, you know, personally attack Logan or anything like that or you know. You're out there. I'm just saying if I was 30 years old and I'm going for.  another 30 year old. I mean, do the engine. These girls lie all the time out their bodies. You never fucking know. You can't tell. You're on. So, let's be honest, if you go to a club, if you fucking girl on the first night, do you really think you're the special one that you, exactly. So you know they're doing it all the time. What's the average girl? I say, hey, Adam, hey, none of this is crazy there because I know what you're saying. They do live. But I also think you can tell. I think that it's easy, it's easy to get like deluded and it's easy to get led down the garden path, which is an English extension expression. It's easy to get led by a girl and she can lie to you and you can fall for the tricks. But I do think that part of you knows you're being lied to and you just like to believe in the delusion. I think you can tell for some reason. I don't know why. I've always been able to tell. I can just tell. I have a spider senses. I'm just like, Andrew, Andrew, Andrew, can you tell by the way she acts? How she treats herself? How the way she behaviors? Or do you tell by like, in the bedroom, if she like knows what she's doing extra, extra well? How do you really tell them? Like, what's the way to tell? I can't believe you're talking about it. I can't believe you're a combination of...  But you know what's actually most, we can be most scared. I think that's a trap a lot of men fall for. Is that sometimes the coolest chicks, all the ones who have done so much shit, that they almost seem like, oh, they're really cool and down to earth, and they're really funny, and there nothing really bothers them, and they're relaxed at it. But I think that's almost like part of them has died. I'll be honest, if you meet a girl and you're a second or a third man, she's gonna be a bit crazy over you. She's gonna be obsessive over you, and she's gonna be a, you know? If you get these girls who are just super cool, when I meet a girl and she's super like down to earth, super cool, and she's like, yeah, whatever, yeah, no problem. They give me the funnest ones to hang out with, but you know secretly, like, ah, nah, she's a little bit too cool, you know? So what's a lot of bodies for? A lot of bodies can be to tell, and in my personal experience, and the people I know around me, et cetera, I think there's definitely a link, you can probably pull up a study on this somewhere. I think that the less sexual partners a person's had, the more likely they are to stay loyal to their husband. I think that's pretty well studied. Okay, that's fair enough.  a lot of bodies nowadays. I think when you're 30 bro. Also, but also to like a we're out with Miami or I mean obviously this is might be on a horrified but like I'm out and I'm in Miami and I girl approaches me and I okay yeah I probably would do it that night or talking about marriage you know it's a totally different thing. Fair enough I agree there's never between a hoe and a queen. I grew up you guys following me. I'm not an 11 at 12 o'clock and she comes around and like you know what's up she knows what she's doing. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. I don't know if that thing was a bad thing. No I'm not. Yeah yeah. So yeah but yeah what you're saying is different. Okay so can you guys tell me what should your what's the average body count? Not the average but yeah what's the average body count for a girl that's 20 and 30. Tell what what I can do is I can be a person for if I were like all right so here's here's how I approach life or I think how a lot of men approach life. I can't talk about myself right now because I'm my legal situation but let's talk about how men approach life. I think there's a lot of men out there who understand there's a difference between fun girls and good girls. Yes and I don't think that it's a problem if you don't get the two confused.  I think if you get the two confused and you take a fun party girl and get convinced she's a good girl, I think you get wrecked. That's your problem. You also treat a good girl like a party girl. You can also get wrecked because you'll lose to good girls. You have to be very perspicacious understand what you're dealing with. If I was to marry a chick, I would never marry a woman who had been with more than five guys. Andrew, can you convert a chicken with a chick? Party with a chick? Whatever. I don't think I'd even introduce. Can you convert a party girl from degeneracy to a queen or is that possible? Whether it's religion or can you convert a party girl to a queen? I think you could if you have a strong enough frame and you're a high value enough man, but why would you want to do that? That's true because they already have the tendency in shape. I think why would you want to do a whole genuine off-screen? Yeah, that's true. The only other thing too is that you think this girl would marry Logan. If he wasn't Logan Paul, they'd have all this money and all this stuff. You think that people don't be with a chick? You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, we're talking about it.  I never said anything, you know what I mean? You probably wouldn't. Yeah. Okay, but like, okay, so if you were from back of their Joe Schmone, he still looks like Logan Paulish, it wouldn't be American. Okay, my generation I just feel like it's cooked, bro. I don't know, Andrew. Like, the Western world's hard, dude. Yeah. You're trying to wipe it's false. It's hard. Yeah, it's hard. It's fucked, I think, now, bro. Andrew, I'm gonna be honest. It's like cool now for girls to listen to this. Yeah, I spit. That's how my music, like, yeah, fuck them. My booty pink, my booty hole brown, brown. Like, it's cool to like, grab out like, fucking guys and playing them and like, fucking them and like stealing from them. I don't know, it's like, it's like a flex for girls to like, yeah, girl, be on your hot girl, shit, period, sis. Like, it's cool to like, fuck guys. And then like, like, play a munchie. It's like, girls, grab out of there, they like want to be like a munchie. I don't know. That's fun. So, like, that's why you look at Miami, right? Some of the most beautiful women in the world are in Miami. And Miami's amazing to party. You can party in Miami and have a bunch of fun with girls. But you're not gonna find a wife in Miami. It's impossible. It's not happening. Fuck, fuck, fuck.  Andrew, you might be able to find a girl outside of Miami. Like that, that's not from Miami. Like in Florida, specifically, like you could find someone outside the city. So it depends what you're looking for. So me personally, I talk from personal experience, if I marry a woman, I want to be, I want to make sure that what we have is extremely exclusive. I want to make sure that I get to show her the world. I want to be her gateway to the world. I want to be the first person who puts her into supercar, the first person who puts her into a nice jet, the first person who takes care of her, I want to be the first person to share with things. I want her to have done everything with some other dude first. Right. I want that. That's so hard to find out too. And Miami, every girl's on a yacht, every girl's on a boat. They're all getting boys. They're like the next night, they're with another guy. Right. And they want to be the, Dylan, Dylan, they want to be in the section. They want to drink that 42. They want to be next to the signs. They want to be, you know, they just want to be in the line, like, bro, that's why Andrew, we were talking earlier. It's not corny more to be evolved in that shit, bro. It's like corny, cringe to me now. Like it's true. It's true. But wives do exist. They're hard to find, but we're not talking about...  about I mean we're talking about Logan but we're not talking about someone he's dating we're talking about somebody he's dedicated this entire life and his fortune and his future too and that's a that's a big risk if they find that much history I mean I don't know I personally wouldn't do it I have very few 31 years old years over 100 bodies that's tough and she did every single celebrity like by the way you guys think Miami's bad at least twice is worse Andrew twice yeah you're Miami I mean all the same don't I don't know how you live in New York anymore man it's so bad out there I was asking the NPCs around Central Park when it was from Park about genders and these things and they these people are fucking brainwashed it's really bad it's super fucked up man you gotta get out of there and tell you New York is horrible I mean like at some men like the strands of whatever they do is they're happy then I'm happy they're happy but like teaching on kids and shit I don't believe it yeah  right we're living in a world now where me saying that female innocence is respected is enough for me to get demonized and then to put me in jail and attack me with a full fucking attack that they'll put me through law fair you're going through law fair now, Dillion they put me with law fair criminal for saying that women's innocence is respected but we know all men intrinsically know that female innocence has always been respected promiscuous females have never been respected since the dawn of human time in any culture and any religion in any country even the West only 50 years ago promiscuity was massively frowned upon I think that every single holy text it doesn't matter what religion you are speaks to same thing about how important it is to avoid female promiscuity and there's a special bond between a man and a woman when she hasn't been with a bunch of other men there's a special bond then it's tangible and you can feel it and you can see it and I know it's hard in the Western world today but if I get married I mean the white dress is supposed to mean virgin G you know like and I okay virgin's a bit extreme perhaps  a lot of the a lot of women as well. I think a big problem that a lot of men make. They want to marry women or women want to get married And the man is confused because he thinks she likes him But she doesn't want to be a wife. She wants to get married. She wants to Instagram. She wants to flex She wants to Life stuff. She wants girls. Yeah, she wants the attention. She wants all of that She doesn't want to dedicate herself to her man and be an actual wife and in my experience is another thing that I find quite interesting Sometimes the girls who've done the most heinous things with the worst histories are the ones who are the most obsessed with marriage because they want to wipe the slate clean And they want to pretend that there's something they're not and they want it all to be forgotten So they're the ones that push for the marriage the hardest. No, marry me marry me marry me marry me And they'll hold off on sex and pretend to be a good girl and all this garbage I want the I want the wedding because they're trying to prove something to themselves because they feel inside themselves They've done some bad shit. They shouldn't have done but they can't change engine They are who they are at the end of the day. They're just trying to hide it, but they're always that's  She's 31 so she's getting out of that prime and going out and doing all that shit. Every guy's going to find the newest 19 to 20 year old and bring them on their yachts, not the 31 year old. There's a reason she's looking for marriage. But Candace Owens put it in a good way where she was saying how women think when they're younger it's cool to go party and do all this shit and take pictures of all this celebrities and fuck every athlete. But then when they realize that every guy basically is just going to go for the younger girl and you're getting older and the guys don't want to marry that. So she put it like perfectly and like she's a woman and she has great values and stuff like that and she explained it perfectly. But yeah, that's right. And Candace is an amazing woman. I know her very well. I know her husband very well as well. They're amazing people. But that's the reason society is so broken because we're living through a history now. We're living through a version of reality. This is the first time in human history where women could be so openly promiscuous. None of us know how to handle it. Women don't know how to handle it. They're like, okay, why not? Like I'm 20 years old. I can put my only fans and make 500K a year. But then when they...  get older like holy shit. Now I got deal with all this repercussions and me putting all my body out there but that's I don't know I'm not working with that. Okay, well, just men don't know how to handle it. We don't know how to find wives and women don't know to handle it. I don't think women can deal with the psychological trauma of being with a bunch of men and nearly as well as they pretend they do. They can pretend they don't mind. They regret a lot of the things they've done. And it's the first time we're in history now where women are living out these lives and they're being encouraged by the matrix and nobody either male or female truly knows how to handle this unique scenario we're in. The happiest women I know the happiest women I know I've been with very few men or one man or two men in their entire life. The happiest women I know happily married happy. So I don't know. I mean perhaps I'm a terrible person perhaps I'm this big evil misogist like they say I am but I think that a woman is happier when she keeps herself safe. You have the balls and say whatever man wants to save but doesn't want to save because they don't want girls to switch off them because I get very surprised they're becoming out with them.  because everyone, girl, I'm following me every, you know, it's like, so it's hard. I think you just say what men actually want to say, but don't want to say, you know what I mean? We respect innocence. Because it's that encourages us to protect and provide. We respect that innocence in a woman. I certainly do. I've done push it up before, they're like, oh yeah, I've done like, fresh and fit and blah, blah, blah, and the girls are like, oh yeah, but I'm great and then I'm going to be good. I'm way to be innocent and pure. I'm way to be pure hard. I don't give a shit about how much practice you've had on day. I don't want to hear that. That's my point. Well, yeah, it's a weird dynamic, but I mean, I guess fucking brother, it's a fight and he shouldn't be doing all this soon, shit with all this bullshit. It's just like, you know, we're just promoting. But I guess she can't handle the. I've had my disagreements. I've had my disagreements with Logan. I've had whatever he hated me and he was fully matrixed. So I got canceled and blah, blah.  I don't know, but yeah, I agree with you there when it comes to fight promotion all gloves are off like I don't think there should be lawsuit involved You should be able to say whatever it takes to get views and I think you've done a fantastic job and you're right He owes your favorite to a degree because you certainly brought attention to the fight. You that can't be denied That's true and Very good physical for my heard I don't know him personally, but I heard that whoever's around him If they don't agree with what he does it like he agrees on he kicks him out their group It makes them sign NDAs where they can't talk about things and so he's just an egotistical like maniac And he can't handle that. I'll make it a narrative that he kicked a troll So he's trying to shut me up, you know, kind of like what you're going through like you know what I mean It's fucked up. I mean the interesting thing isn't even the fight so much now the interesting thing is across the next five to ten Years if they stay together or not right because if they if they make it work then nothing matters, but if they don't make it work Yeah, exactly a lot of conversation That's what I was told to there. There is I heard that you don't don't someone I told me own they said like  One the fight if Logan and his wife don't make it like that. I mean, it's like I just No, I look don't I'm gonna be honest over like I just want to see you to just get it. Wait. What is it? I'll tell where it? What is it? Party like four weeks for it. Yeah, like listen. Yeah almost four weeks Like you made you made it easy It's easy. I wish you'd be fighting on the mail with all this talk It should be if it was if it was MMA you would win 100% I told you I For the bottom you guarantee me every match in MMA What was it? You know, he's not a man of his word, but you know, okay I do think I want to say something. I know America is the most failed nation in the world But there are a lot of women in the world especially in other and especially in America as well There's a lot of women who understand exactly what we're saying and understand that their purity is an asset and it should be protected All costs there are a lot of women who actually very much understand for me to be respected I need to make sure that I'm not promiscuous and I think even women intrinsically understand it You see a woman insult another one  What do they call them? They call them a slot first and set true. That's true I mean, the ones like get mad are the ones that are already done It they are a New York City that were 2324 and all the guys like go can at six in the morning And they were doing it their whole life and now they get older and they stop and then all of a sudden They're like, okay, fuck what do I do? I can't go against this because like everybody already knows they've done it So then they're like I'll fuck these guys and massage and this whole thing and it's like I'm not massage Yes, I look girl. I said this I love slots like it's I don't know It's just it's a weird dynamic how I got into this whole thing because I'm not like the big massage in sky But okay Massage and he's another weapon. They is another word they've weaponized and they just throw it around It's not a No, I'm like every You don't have an opinion and it's not misogynistic to have a standard for me to wake up and say I want a wife who's been exclusive or has been very hard to access that doesn't make me a bad person for the same reason The woman's allowed to say I want a man who can buy me lunch. It's just a standard and we're allowed to have standard  They've attacked masculinity to such a point now where if you have any kind of standard as an individual, they're going to call you a misogynist. You're not allowed to hold women accountable for anything. Their own actions, what they've done, their past or history, no, you're not allowed to have an opinion on it. Or they're going to call you a misogynistic, which is obviously insane. And that's what they're going to do. So that's the obvious weapon they're going to attack you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's not an attack. But he's like, you've been this and many girls. This is bad. I'm like, I haven't known what to say to them. I'm like, are you really going down this route right now? You're trying to say, I don't know what he was trying to say. He was like, I'm a male slut in like, how, when a guy does it, it's so cool. But when a girl does it, it's not cool. And I was like, OK, I want to point you're trying to prove. But he's just like, I don't know. He's just like trying to put in this whole head. And he's trying to save himself. And he can't handle it. He can't handle the men. He's not a fighter. I realize that before, I thought he was an entertainer. And I thought that I could have a dance partner that's first selling a fight. And we both do have bad blood. But he's not a fighter. He can't handle all this. Like, you know, did he just get it?  I love him. He's got a lot of hope in the fight game. He's got a WWE week. So that's why he's trying to look for a way out now, I think. He's not a good fighter. He's a singular, a singular shell fighter. He's got a gas out. He's on steroids. He's EPO. I don't know what he's on. He's on something. He's got a gas out, and I'm going to beat the shit out of him. So I'm going to beat the shit out of him, and then I'm going to beat the case, and then I'm going to beat the best comeback ever. And then we rematch and MMA, and then I strangle him unconscious in 20 seconds. I'm going to go. Can you find the mayor, Asia or not? Yeah, I've had four professional MMA fights on YouTube somewhere. I put up all the retreating. I thought I'm a man, and I fought K1 primarily, so I'll put them up. But you still change your future, or not? No, I was never much of a grappler, bro. I just tried to punch and kick people. I could sprawl and get up and up into the basics. I knew a few things, but I was never much of a grappler. But I'll retweet them, actually, now you just remind me. I'll retweet. What did you train them to make? Is the shit going to bad?  Why are you saying F? Hello? Yeah, like I'm at the height of my career. That's the challenge. So I was fighting maybe 10, 11 years ago. And even MMA wasn't what it is now 10 or 11 years ago. We're 12, 13 years ago. It was different. So where were you turning? I was a K1 fighter and I trained in London in a gym called Storm. But I needed to pay the bills, bro. And fighting doesn't pay that much. If I got offered 10,000 bucks, you know, a fight, bro, I took it. I just fought. Fighters fight. You've got to fight with everything. So it's funny guys talk about, come. I'm like a Jake Paul. I'm like a striker. Aiden. I don't get it. What did you, Aiden? Was that the first time you ever grappled someone? With you, yeah. That was the first time ever. Yeah. So what do you say? So like boxing and then grappling. What do you think is better? MMA 100% is way better than boxing. I'm talking about just in general. It's like, isn't it crazy? You could troll someone on the ground? Yeah. MMA, if you buy, I think the better sport to master is MMA 100%.  I'm not trying to go idea either, and I know your kickbox is fine. Not brought, but I mean, is it kickboxing a form of M&A? M&A is everything. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So like grappling would be like, yeah, you get two. So M&A's you get to kickboxing, mosaic, everything makes it the one and any more. Gotcha. I think it's actually this whole situation is very interesting. It's an interesting social commentary where you're being demonized for highlighting whatever and obviously he has to defend his fiancee. It's also on the board to go point. You're going to fight. And I think that a lot of men, whether they're admitted or not or whether they're too cowardly to admit it, I think if you were to ask the average man, do you want a woman to be with a lot of guys? I think the average man would say absolutely not. I think it's very important for men to actually know that the woman they have has had a very exclusive sexual...  because it's very difficult to feel special otherwise. And they'll say that's down to insecurity. They'll attack our securities, but it's not about that. It's not to do them security. I think it's just innate and it's evolutionary and we've always been that way. And I think society's have always been built that way. And there's a lot of good girls out there that know that very well. Like I certainly wouldn't, I certainly, if I met a woman and she was perfect in every way, but she had a large sexual history or zero percent chance I would marry her. That's, I'll make that very clear. So how would you say like, okay, like me and Nathan, right? Like, okay, I know, I know, I think you've been, like, you know, some porn stars in me. And I think girls like that too. Now who's in the wrong here? Like, it's like, we like that stuff, but like, we don't want to marry that. So it's like, I don't know how to explain it. It's like, you know what I'm talking about? You didn't like you. Yeah, it's like, it's like, who's in the wrong? You know? No, you're not absolutely hypocritical. There's no doubt about it. Like, we love the whole idea of that degeneracy when it suits us, but then when we get a woman, we really care about the, there's nothing we find.  repulsive. That's very interesting. We're completely hypocritical as as the species and as as a sex. That's no doubt about that. Yeah, we've been going to the club and seeing a girl with her, you know, big ass or something like that. She's flirting with you. But then it's like, okay, like obviously I'm not going to marry her, but yeah, I probably do it for the night. But you know, it's hard for me to get only one girlfriend. It's hard for me to commit to someone. Why did you guys break that? I mean, I'm asking you and your girlfriend. It became like having a principal because we were a long distance and it felt like I was like checking in every day and like she was made call out in training camp. I called me five times a day, make a sure I wasn't doing anything and like, you know, it's just it became like having an extra fucking, I don't know how to explain it. It was like having a principal. I hate being, I hate being like monitored. I don't know. I just didn't like it. I hated it. I hated it. And I found out at the end she was like cheating on me too. Whatever. Maybe I'm maybe I'm lucky, right? But good women do exist, bro. Trust me. I don't want to.  I was the only very poor women who are truly gorgeous and they have extremely limited sexual history. Are they popular on social media? They're just normal girls. I think that everybody is too normal. You know, I know there's some that are, I guess semi-popular, not crazy popular, but we're all a product of our environment and the problem is with the Western world is as degenerate and it promotes degeneracy on purpose. But there are many other places in the world or many other countries where it's not as degenerate and it's not promoted so heavily. I'll say here now, a lot of people have worked out by now. I have a bunch of children. I have a bunch of daughters and I'm going to make it very clear to them when they're old enough that they have to be very exclusive and very careful with who they sleep with and who they end up with. I love the idea of my daughters being with their second or third guy. They're ever with in their entire life and marrying that person and having a family. I think that's the most beautiful thing a woman can do and I think the psychological damage that comes with lots of...  of relationships because whether you want it to be damaged or not, it's going to be damaged. There's no light without dark. Every single breakup does a degree of damage. I think women just don't have the stamina to keep falling in love properly again and again and again. I think after a few times it just kind of dies. That's it. That's actually true. That's the hard one to do with kids because I just had a son too and it's like when you get the mom social media, when you get them all all this stuff because nowadays it's just so toxic. And I don't know, it's a tough thing to be a parent too nowadays to be honest. There's one answer my friend is, l'm God. God fixes all of this. When you have a religious family and a religious setup and the whole family worships and pays attention to the teachings of a holy book, then a lot of problems are instantly solved. That's why we need God. It's amazing how easily things can be solved when you have a woman who fears God and a man who fears God and they both, they believe in the same religion and they're raising a religious family. You'd be amazed what can be fixed. The problem with the West is that there's no God anymore. Nothing matters in the West.  to nothing matters right? Oh, it's no big deal. It's no big deal. And people don't realize that it is actually a big deal that compounds over time and it damages people psyche. There's nothing more beautiful than a man or woman falling in love. Once a woman's been damaged to the point where she can't love a man properly. That's actually a very terrible thing. And I, and like I said, it's personal experience, but I don't think women who have had a bunch of experiences can truly pair bond, not the same. And I'm going to get attacked for this endlessly. But this is just what I believe is my experience of life. It's true. It's not even fucking the tag. It's that's true. What do you do now? Are you looking for a girl? What are you doing? Staying in myself, right? I have a lot of work on that. I want to be the best person myself before I go out there and find the one. I don't really think it's fucking hose and shit. And you know what I'm saying? That's not worth it anymore. It's not fun. It's corny to me because We're very lucky that you found that out of a young age. I mean, because you're younger than me. So I don't know. I don't know. I already lifestyle drinking a fucking bitches and Yeah, it's all waiting. It's all waiting. Dude, I should have been sleeping early.  but I did fall into that now. If fucking gets you, especially when you come for like intro stands as a kickboxer, like good you did to get, I would make no money. We're not, you know, we don't get that much girls in this and that. And then all of a sudden, when you get a low popularity and you wow, everything's free and there's a bunch of girls you fall into that lifestyle on it. So, and then you realize, like now that mold, I realize like the fuck was I doing? I should have been fucking, you know, sleeping early, like you know, going back to the gym, but I did fall into that lifestyle for a little bit, but you're young and you're, I'm happy that you figured that out. That all this shit doesn't mean nothing. Thank you, bro. You should be working on your career. I think, I think going to a club, drinking fucking solace horse, it's just like, what's the point? What's the point of doing that? I'm not gonna find a love at a club. Come on, bro. You know what I mean? We all know why girls are in the club. We all know why guys are in the club, right? We're gonna get a drink and get fucked up and fuck. So, I don't really, really wanna do that anymore. I'd rather stream, I'd rather do something that actually brings me something out of it. You know, it's, it's super easy, bro, to go do that. It's just super easy.  to fall down that degenerate path and I'd really prefer to stay out. I know it is. Yeah, so I told you more about it. It says no more lean. You can't be doing that shit, bro. It's not good for you. I agree. I agree, bro. I haven't done it in a while, so yeah. Not me for you. That's good. Thank you. I'm actually I haven't drank in a while. I really want to stop. The last time I drank was on my stream. I don't want to drink, but I don't want to put anything into my body. That's a little bit sober, man. I went through a tough time of drinking. I'm so, much sober now. My dad was alcoholic and everything. So it was just going down to back fast. So I kind of it up. It's good at detox, bro. Just have your body only have good things in it. Our bodies are temple, you know? So I'm learning about it. It is. A couple of drinks and then all of a sudden I was like, OK, where are we going tonight? You know, then all of a sudden it just turns into a fucking spiraling. You know, shit. And then they feel like shit. Then you're sharing like shit. And what does that do? It makes your mind shitty. It makes your motivation. If you lose discipline, you lose track on things. You start to treat people like shit because it kind of brings out the worst in you. Sorry. Yeah. If you can't speak for me. Yeah. Yes. That could be fun. Exactly. Exactly. Same. Yes. I love it. Thank you. I know it. That was a nice conversation. Plus says maybe a thing to the watching them. Okay. Right. I don't want to talk to you.  What is that? Is that because Andrews is the best I ever heard you talk. You went, I said, when I hear Andrews speak some real shit and he brings out the best of you. All right, no, it's awesome. I like that. They try to, you have so many kids that look up to you, bro. You know, that's good message. They try to cancel Andrew by deleting one of my most viral TikToks. I mean, Andrew, his face has been on TikTok. We always see TikTok. We all see Andrew on our TikTok feeds. We don't see him anymore. So when I hear Andrews speak, I'll be honest. I didn't begin it when I saw Andrews talk. Because it would come up on my TikTok. I would see some of the other stuff. And I was like, oh, I don't know. This guy, I think I might have called him out to have a mayor or something. But then I actually started to listen to him talk and like watching his full-length videos. And I actually respect him a lot and I think he says in his message and stuff. I can admit to, you know, maybe jumping the gun on you a little bit early, Andrew. That's that life friend that happens. That's life happens. But yeah, I think a lot of people with you are like that too. Like they see some clips or something. They're like, who's this guy? But we actually like study.  and look at the message that you're putting across a young man, I think it's actually great, you know, being the gym, or being the club fucking, be training, doing this, and, you know, make something for yourself, I think it's actually great. We, good chat, I think. Hello. Hello. What I want to teach myself. Yeah, personal excellence was the only answer. The personal excellence is the answer also to even the thing we were just discussing. If you become an excellent man, because I do think in a healthy relationship, I think that to a degree, the woman mirrors her man, if you're a good moral man of good moral standing, and you have a good frame and she respects you, then she's going to usually bend to your values. And that's not forced. That's just she has respect for you as a man, and you act a certain way, and she acts a certain way, and it fixes a lot of the problems. There's always different pressure sources, right? If you're not a particularly moral man, or you're not a particularly brilliant man, and she doesn't look up to you and respect you, and her friends are trying to convince her to do bad things, she's going to go and do bad things. But if she looks at you and goes, no, I trust this man with my life. I trust this man to guide.  me and teach me, then I'm going to, he doesn't, he doesn't act that way. I'm not going to act that way. And in my experience, I've been fine. Like I've never, I've, I've, I've, I've been very fortunate in, in relationships. I have fantastic relationships now. I've always had good relationships and good women do exist. But when you get them, you just have to identify the good ones and, and treat them like good ones and make it, you know, worth their while also. And I don't think the world's completely broken. But certainly places like America are, are the tip of the spirit in regards to, to, to, to generously, it's difficult, man. It's not easy, especially for so many reasons, the legal system and the way everything's set up and it's, I don't know, the West is scary to me. It's just easy to get ready. It's hard to hold the girl down because if a girl has nothing going on for her, and she's a fucking hot 10 out of 10 girl. And then it's like, some guys like, hey, come here. I'll pay for this. I'll do this. I'll do this. It's like, sometimes it's hard to even blame them for it. They have, they have to go down or something and they're like, they're just really hot. And then they, all of a sudden, they're doing everything they can do in this whole world. It's hard to blame.  I mean, it's hard to blame them, but you know, it bites you in the ass later on when you want to fight them. Like, you know, it's like, I don't know. I don't want to become the fucking moral ground of fucking, you know, girls or anything like that. I never tried to get into this, but it is hard for girls. I got to say, I don't know. It is hard. Well, do you have any difficulties? Right. It's uncharted territory. We're in. It's certainly interesting times. I'm glad I've settled down now because I've got my, I've got my 10 wives and I've settled down. I'm done. I don't talk to any new girls. So it is what it is. Do you do you guys do? I was having a combo. My boy, we were talking. I pull it off. I'm talking to you. I got a system. It's all right. I get it done. Yeah, one girl is hard enough. He got 10 Jesus. I do all right. I was having a combo with my boy and we were talking about the the future of the United States. I genuinely believe one day there's going to be a transgender in an office. You guys think call me crazy now, but the world's getting so fucking crazy.  tell you bro, the left is not the left anymore. It's gone down a track of mental disorder and it's grooming of children. They're gonna assume you're like, you think a trans person is bad thing in a way. It's in a way. It's kind of making, how do I say this bro, without? It's just, what you're saying, I've that person is older and they were like, okay, I really feel like I'm a girl. Who cares if they're happy? But I've been to kid and they're pushing on my kid. So I guess you're saying like, because it shows a bad thing. Just the kids, bro, leave the kids out of the genders. Are you just agree with what I'm saying? I just want kids to agree with what you're saying. But I'm saying, but like if someone's like 30 something, who the fuck cares if he's a girl? I give no shit, you know what I mean? I'm like, a long story. They would put the motherfucker in office just because they're trying to, yeah, that's what I'm trying to say. Like you see the athletes of the year. So I would,  bywiser, they're just, they're kind of just like, you know, that was the worst idea of all time. Yeah, like the target, the kids clothing, like they're just really trying to push it, like, or your fucking face. Yeah, like, you know, so I don't know, man, I don't, I don't, I don't know. I believe that God, we need, we need the, the thing is this, we need some objective reality on the planet. There has to be something that is solid lines. If everything becomes subjective, and if nothing is a firm line, then it's very difficult to base a society or rule set on how people should act or interact. So we've now destroyed basically every hard line that used to exist under the name of freedom and liberalism. And that's all fine. But that's one of the most basic lines, like man and woman. Like if you make everything subjective, then how is anything supposed to work? There has to be one plus one equals two, and that's how it works to a degree. So everything is on.  attack and I don't think that everything being under attack is for our own good. I know what you're saying, Billion, about people's happiness. I completely get that. But also, you're going to destroy all objective reality. You're going to allow people to wake up and say the sky is green and whether or not you can go. Then how do you even have a functioning society? If we work. The baseline of society is always going to be family and there's always going to be children. That's what makes society's function. And even if you want to look at it from a very boring geopolitical standpoint, you do want to look at it and extrapolate it out across geopolitics. Most of the Western world, we don't even reproduce enough to sustain our population levels. The reason we have to have these mass immigrations, because we don't have enough children to even have a population. So you have countries where populations are expanding and exploding like in Asia and India and Africa. They're exploding populations. Then in Europe, every single country is declining. We don't have enough children to even create people. That's crazy. You add in, it adds in because there's a bunch of different arguments. But if you add in just a purely boring argument of medical sciences keeping people  longer we need a youth a workforce who's gonna pay taxes to keep these people on their pensions there's not enough people being born why are they not born because men aren't men women aren't women people don't get married no one has kids what is a man what is a woman women don't act like wives men don't act like husbands so it's like society at every level is broken and how do you fix it you only fix it when you come along with some law some rules and say no this is supposed to go this way up until very recently it was pretty widely accepted that a man was supposed to be with a woman and we were supposed to have children and now that's considered extremist if I say I want a beautiful woman to have children with I'm considered an extremist I'm considered a bad person which is insane because that's how we all go here that's how you're here that's how I'm here it's crazy now I don't know I'm going to have to agree with objective reality and it's more dangerous when you're saying it to children which don't understand what objective reality is yeah their mind just one just very confused they believe in the two very  Santa Claus, you know, like I said, the left now, the liberal, the Democrats now, it's all about spreading false genders on the youth and converting their minds. It's kind of like they're literally spreading mental disorder. I believe that God needs you for who you are. I believe that God put us on earth for a reason. I believe that, you know, I'm traditional, bro. Men can't get pregnant doing. I know how you feel about that, but men can't get pregnant. Whoa, man can't get pregnant. I know. No, don't really. Real quick. I just think I think I know. I know. I'm going to let you speak, but God put us on here for a reason. Like your parents, they made you, you know what I'm saying, by reproduction and stuff, which makes the problem. Let's go. Last thing I'm going to say is this, I just can't, like, let me ask you a question. I go change my gender now, but can I go change my skin? Can I, God, maybe God, maybe who I am. Can I go, can I go, be black? Can I become black? No, right? I can't transverse. So like, all I met was, all I met is that if someone's happy, then that makes me happy.  I mean, but the thing is, yeah, I get what you're saying. And I would feel probably a certain different way if I had a daughter that was in a bathroom and some guy that was said that he's a girl and he's like, you know, obviously not and comes into the bathroom like, I don't know how to handle it. Yeah, I'm saying like, if someone is happy, then it doesn't bother me. It's just like, if I have a gay friend, he's gay, then I'm not gonna, I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying. But like, you know what I mean? That's what I'm saying. But I get where you guys are coming from too. Obviously. I just think God, I just think God, God, me, God made his children the way they are. And they should be proud. They should be, they should take it, they should take, they should take it and go with it, right? Like you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, here's the question. Here's the question. If women have always been the gatekeepers to the sexual marketplace, men, we chase whatever, let's say men chase whatever they can get and women say yes or no. Women are the ones who have the final say and they give the yes or no. They're the gatekeepers, right? Imagine tomorrow, tomorrow, every single woman woke up and said, I won't have sex before marriage. Now, I'm not advocating that. That's extreme. I'm going to...  to an extreme to prove a point. Imagine every woman did that and every man had to act well enough and good enough to get a woman to marry him to get sexual access. Imagine how society would change. Would men still be jackasses or would men up their game? Would men be more loyal or diligent? Definitely. Men would be better men. Definitely. It would make them better men for sure. It's just like if you fuck a girl on the first night, you're not the point of effort, but if a girl makes you wait a month, you're pulling in dates or get her flowers and doing the whole thing. So it's like, yeah, 100% men were up their game. Any would learn to love a girl better? It's like it would be for her the first night. In a way, you're like, okay, well, this girl definitely is on this with 1000 guys. But what do you see? A good girl. A good girl. Exactly. So if women are the gatekeepers to the sexual marketplace, and two degree, the higher their standards are, the better men will be as a whole. And then the relationships are more likely to last. And the children are less likely to be from a broken home. And a lot of the crime will be fixed. And the single parents will be fixed.  and the need for government handouts to be fixed. And it's amazing how many things can extrapolate from such a simple thing as women waking up and saying no, I deserve a man who really takes care of me and actually loves me before I give him access to my body. You can fix all of society with that basic point. So it's interesting where we talk about female promiscuity and we say, oh, it's no big deal and girls do this, girls do that. But it actually extrapolates out across all of society and there's a massive price to pay, which we're now learning because this is new uncharted territory. And we're now learning it. I talk about Europe exclusively. I can't name the stats on America, I'm not sure. But Europe exclusively, we're not even reproducing and having children because people don't want to get married and women ain't worth sticking with. And it's all just a big mess. Well, if your country can't even repopulate itself, then what do you even have? You don't even have a country anymore. So then you have to import people from the other side of the world, which is fine, diversity is great. But then you're losing your own country by extension now. So it's kind of crazy. It's super interesting what's happening in the world.  today there's so many countries and it's not it's not just the West actually I think Japan and China have the same problem but it's really interesting. It's like overpopulated right China is like overpopulated yeah I'm just overpopulated. Japan has huge birth weight problems. Andrew Andrew China is it true you can only limit it to having like one one two-kid just now yeah that was before I don't think anymore that was before yeah but yeah it's super interesting so there's and I don't have a solution to any of it I'm just sitting here making I'm just making comments I'm just observing the situation but I just think it is with the whole fight thing now I'm become like part of this whole thing everybody's coming to me for I'm like I'm just a moment of fire but yeah like everybody's coming to me and they're like you're making you're changing the world and I ever girl scared of post pictures with guys is what you did to the Logan like you're scared of and like you're gonna be like a case study and all this stuff I'm like all right so they got an identity of me at the gold this way but it is really it is I guess that I mean what that's bullshit but it's crazy they're gonna comment you for that but  That's just that's just externalizing their own personal decisions and a lot of people do that they they don't want to take any accountability But I don't know maybe I'm getting old and boring but when I see if I meet a young woman and she's young and she wants to only be with me And she's talking about a family pretty early and her primary goal is to have children. I find that beautiful. I think it's a beautiful thing I don't know what's it called. I was the first question. Well, how old are you when you had your first kid? So I'm I just turned 30. I just have my first one. So I'm like a little bit, you know, it's like new territory. Kind of scary Yeah, I feel like I saw how the same mindset as the young kids and I'm trying to, you know mature and you know be admit my son, you know, so I saw how that in Newark. It's like I'm crazy sometimes, you know, but yeah There's nothing now. There's nothing more beautiful than children And I was around your age as well, and I think it's one of those beautiful journeys any man can go down to a woman too And you also learn a lot about the gender roles when the kid arrives I think that women have fantastic superpowers when it comes to children. They have a patient step  I think you could be tough, Aiden. I think you just need like you need to train more, man. I don't know how to explain it. You're very smart and you're so talented, bro. You start training. I feel like you'd be a fucking animal because you put your mind to something. I think you can do it. 100% you just better not be a little bit more. You know, I think you could be tough, Aiden. I think you just need like you need to train more, man. You're not a little bit more important than you. You'd be a fucking animal because you put your mind to something. I think you can do it. 100% you just, you don't have discipline, bro. You're about. You're inconsistent. No, I wouldn't say aiden. And you're one thing I always say, like I, you know, I look back at some of this things we talk about, money really is an amplifier, bro. And I think I gotten like I'm not saying that it's bad that I got rich so early in my life. But I think like, like, you like, no, and Andrew, we were gonna be like, oh, what the fuck, boohoo. But you got to, you understand what I'm saying? Like, it's really an amplifier, right? So, when you have so much money, you don't know what to do with it. It really is an amplifier.  I'm naturally a lazy person and not disciplined, right? So it really amplifies the fuck out of that. And so it's been, I'm not gonna see her and cop out and excuse, but like, it definitely, yeah, it definitely like, you know? What's that cool? It was a boxer who said it's hard to get up in the morning and on silk sheets and get a bunch of the face every day. You know, it's definitely not easy, but that it makes you tougher because you're doing and get plus you have the money, you know what I mean? So basically, it's a mess of each shot, you know? So when you have no one in the morning and you go wake you up and run on 5 a.m. when you're worth, I don't know how much you're worth, but it just makes you actually tougher. So if you look at it that way, then maybe, you know, you have a gift that other people don't have. Because there's a lot of rich lazy people out there that'll never work hard, you know? Do other things that other people will do, you know? Sometimes when I'm working out and I look out the window and I see people at the pool of jerk in all day, they'll never understand what hard, like, well obviously they'll just say hard work, but you know, like training and doing, dedicating your life to something and you know, doing a bunch of hard things. That's why I don't believe in inheritance. I believe that, like,  I know that I don't believe in it because I know a lot of people that their fathers are very rich and they grow up really good It's very rare though, you know like like there's many celebrities that have children and their children are super fucked up Because they're growing up. They hear it's easier have this have that have this have that right? Dr. whole life so it's it's super easy to cripple your child early and their their brain is like a sponge So I kind of believe that like every single child I mean you guys are father so I don't I'm not a father so I don't really know but you know Is it is it hard for you guys? I mean I feel like you guys if you guys understand that you really can't just give your child Everything and you can't really cripple them. I mean you guys probably like I said you guys are fathers I'm not a father so I can't speak on that but my mind's only like a couple weeks old So it's a little bit hard to tell but like I'm just gonna make sure he you know happy I wouldn't spoil him But I definitely would if you wanted to go get you did some membership You know I'll pay for you know or in the right in the right avenue is I think giving money to him would be the right thing You know  because when my mom got me a membership back in the form when I was 15 and I got a Juicy membership, I fell in love with it. Right. I don't know, maybe putting him towards the right path of things that are good for him, maybe? I never thought about it because mine's only for a week's old, but it's hard not to spoil you good because you want to give them everything you don't have. Right. So that's something I got to figure out as a man too, you know? Right, right, 100%. Yeah, we were interesting life paths ahead of us, interesting journeys. Well, to see how the world works, see how it changes, but fighting fixes a lot of problems because you can't, I mean, it doesn't matter how rich a kid is, there's been some famous boxers who were rich, there's been a couple of them, but you know, fighting has to be earned, it always has to be earned. And you have a son that's fantastic. And as long as he's in the gym, he's going to learn that daddy's money can't save him when he's in his ass kick. So he either has to train and win or not train and lose. Yeah, great. That's what I do with my little brother. Whenever he comes over and makes sure he trains, he's in a way he's doing, but I'm like, he has to be there. If you come over my house, he has to come to the spa.  the train that they need it it makes him a better person because he realizes like okay like this is different you know so I definitely that one thing is to it's like if you force them the train they don't like it it's hard to kind of like see how much you want to push them towards it you know what I mean so that's another thing that I have to think about I look forward to coming over to the US when I can really and I look forward to doing these podcasts with all these Miami chicks etc etc but often when I do these podcasts I usually get through to them towards the end they usually end up agreeing with most of the things I say I think it's just about delivering it in a way that make them understand it and the world is an interesting place but there's good people there's bad people there's extremes on both sides but all in all I think it'll work out. Andrew, Andrew I might be trying to be weird but you could stay with me if you if you decided to come to Miami. Should I stay with you Aiden? Yeah no I promise you could do whatever you want I'll even get out of my room if you want to have bring your crew over I'll sit on the couch I don't care.  All right, we'll see. But look fellas. It would be good. No. It just looks like you're in like one of those like, I don't know, like room, it's like small. It's not. I didn't want anything to work there, but it's not the best and biggest. I shouldn't really upgrade. We'll see. If Andrew's going out, if Andrew's here's about coming, maybe I'll rent an Airbnb on the water and we'll get a crazy fucking multi-million dollar crib. Then you guys part with us every day. I'll come to Miami. We'll all start. Easy. We'll spar every day. We wake up, get a chef, the chef cooks food. We hit it y'all. Just on some real life. We could even lift weights on the y'all. We figured out it would be fun. That's a real life right there. Working out, training all day. The sun. That's a bunch of. And make a month. You know what? That's actually truthfully all there is to life. You know what's funny? I was on house arrest for five months, right? And this last two months, I've been off house arrest. And on the five months, I was on house arrest. I was living with my coach and five or six old gym friends. And we wake up, we train all day, we'd eat right. We chill in the night. We'd sit around talking.  And then I go off house arrest and I haven't changed my routine at all. That's all life is. That's the best, the best life can be having some guys around you. You've known for a long time who you trust, train hard, laugh, joke. That's more fun than parties in Bullshit anyway. I'm still on house arrest, even though I'm free. I don't even leave my house. I just want to train and chill and work and look after the people I love. And that's, that's what life's all about. So I look forward to that scenario. Aiden, I look forward to you showing us your bench press record and showing us how strong you really are putting us all in our place. I got you, I got you bro. Hey, I'll tell you what, I really do got you this time. Actions just be that awards. So we'll see. All right. All right, thank you, though. So who are you guys picking in the fight mirror, Logan? Andrew, go ahead. You know what? You can be honest. Listen, one thing about me, I can take criticism. I'm not like Logan. So you could say how you feel. I think the pressure is on Logan. Yeah. And you will know better than me how well he deals with pressure. But it feels like to me.  pressures on him. He has a lot to try and rectify. So if you think he doesn't handle pressure, then that's going to be bad for him. We'll see. We'll see. I did this on purpose. You know, we're burrowed Iran to sugar Ray Leonard. When he blew kiss at his wife, the sugar Ray Leonard came out like a brawler and then lost a burrowed Iran. So I do what I'm doing is very tactical. You know, people don't realize that they don't know the fight game. Bro, and you know what? I can talk like I was fighting in my prime long like a bit before the internet captured a lot of the things I said luckily because I said some shit that would have gone about 30 35 30 say you're still, you know, you're still in your prime. Well, I can still do it. Yeah, but I retired when I was 30, but I can still do it. But I'm saying that like the things you've done to promote this fight aren't even 1% of the shit that happens most of time at fights and things. And I'm doing fucking losses.  whatever, I mean. So who do you have to take if you have this? You can say, I haven't seen, Dylan, I haven't seen, I haven't seen you as you trained properly. I don't, I don't know. I think psychologically the pressure's on Logan. I'll say that. Psychologically the pressure's on him to perform. It is told me I'm pretty good at Logan. It ain't told me a person in Logan, but then I saw you someone ask you on a bus and you said Logan was gonna win. No, no, I said if it's boxing, it's hard to say, it's favor to the Logan's gonna win. If this is MMA, it'd be a walk. I'm just a favor to him to win though, if he's never won a fight. I'm saying if this was MMA, it'd be a walk in the park for you. You know what I'm saying, it'd be a walk in the park. But I just, it's boxing, you're not a boxer. But I, you're strong, you know what I'm saying? You know, you don't wanna hit, right? So what was this head shit you were doing? You're banging your head into something. What the fuck was that? It's because in the sauna, like Mike Perry and the burl, like they were hitting their fists and like hardening their fists. I was just hardening my forehead. Okay. Does it actually work?  probably not but I got a hard head and I'm very hard to knock out so he's gonna find out. All right we'll see and we'll see we'll see. You're gonna pick one. You're gonna pick one. You know what? Because I'm a sports gambler. I'm gonna bet on you because I want to win more money. So look, people are very calm. It's all good. I appreciate it. Much love done. This is awesome. That's a beach for Andrew finally. It's all you man. Bye bye. Andrew before we head off here bro. Today was great. I hope you're actually seeing that I'm taking things more seriously with my knowledge. And I grew to you man. I think a lot more needs to be done in this world. I saw your peers more in earlier. Some clips of it. I watched some stuff on it. It was good. And then I also watched Tough Calls and Two. Really I really I saw some parts of that. It was great.  Tucker's a hero. I like Tucker. I think he's doing great job. What did you guys do that at? Um, I think the Tucker's doing a good job. Tucker's just, Tucker's just asking interesting questions. And I know I'm saying, where, where did you do that? Where did you do that? Here in Romania, it came to my house. Oh, nice. That's okay. But, um, I think he's asking really interesting questions. But, uh, yes, I did. Now we'll keep an eye on your journey. I think it'll appear on my feet. If you do anything to generate or stupid, I'll see it. I'll notify. I'll tell you what, if I relapse only in or if I do anything to generate or stupid, that's setting me back in my journey. I'll donate $100,000 to teach tape pledge deal. Yeah, go to go to tape pledge.com. See the things we're doing is legit because, um, the reason I started it is I wanted to give a lot of money to charity. And then I started looking at charities. And a lot of them are just fucking scams. They just keep all the money. Sorry, uh, this is Palestine. Yeah. This is all me and my guys. These are my guys. War remembers. Less. There's been a lot of right. Look up.  go up. Oh, my bad. Oh, champions. No, no, no, no, down, down, down, down, down, stand the website, go down. Okay, go down. Palestine. Oh, after Palo. Connie. Oh, this is the, that's amazing, bro, what the fuck? That's actually amazing. We're literally, we're literally giving people their eye sight back. That's amazing, bro. It is. And karma's real. And it's amazing. All these people who hate and all these liberals and all these psychopaths who talk about how good the world will be. Again, it's crap. Again, it's helping you need to understand liberals and Democrats. They're not what they used to be 15 years ago. They're now psychopathical mental illness people straight up. Like it's just, it's mental illness at this point. And they're, they're so one sided and they're the ones that really if you look into it, they're the ones that promote heavy racism, heavy diversity. These lives are just ruining society. You know, they're the ones that are creating a satanic society in Andrew. Well, they certainly don't go out their way to help anyone. And the MSM one,  me all day long for believing that my woman should be exclusive to only me but they don't mention that I literally restore eyesight and feed thousands of starving children a day. So the MSM are all liars and the liberal and the left who pretend they're good people, they don't help anybody either. But I do think that the world understands what's happening and understands what's going on. And we just have to keep doing the right thing. God will reward us in the end. Allah is the best of planners. He is watching us at all times. Aiden, keep that in mind. Yes sir. And with three behaviors so. Sorry daddy, sorry, not daddy. Take what your name again. I forgot my own nickname. What is it? Double something. Double spice daddy. Double spice daddy. I'll see you soon. Okay. All right my friends. Much love. All right. W. Tate in the chat man. You know all right. You know all right. You know all right. You know all right. All right. It's crazy man. I don't see this guy anymore anywhere. I don't see. I don't see.