 Andrew Tate, the most famous man on planet earth, loving more hate him, everyone is watching. Although controversial, Andrew's meteoric rise to fame has led him to become one of the most influential men in the world. He's no longer regarded as a celebrity or an influencer, but rather a political figure, a man who has captured a generation of minds that impacted millions of people across the globe. His polarizing views have sparked debates worldwide, even at the highest of levels, including institutions and governmental organizations. Online influencer Andrew Tate's vile misogyny infiltrates our classrooms and society. For the true Andrew Tate is a man that is largely misunderstood. I want you to take this opportunity to discover the real Andrew Tate. In December of 2022, I was scheduled to meet Andrew in the buy for our second interview, little did I know that podcast would never happen. Andrew Tate has been arrested. On that same day, his house was raided and Andrew and his brother Tristan were sentenced to a Romanian jail on multiple charges. For the next three months, the world was shown as one of the most powerful men on earth were stripped of everything in March of 2020.  2003, Andrew and his brother were released under house arrest due to a lack of evidence. Fast water now, he invited me out to Romania where he remains to be in the confines of the legal system. With arm caught at his side, me and Andrew met at a secret location just outside of the arrest. In this 3 hour interview, Andrew shared some of the most controversial opinions today. They just fucking make it up! Women are the attack vector! How do you avoid this attack vector? What, P.Gay? The real reason behind this arrest? I was accused, obviously, of the complete garbage charge of human trafficking via the lobby method and what they're saying is... And revealed some shocking confessions never disclosed to the world before. It's a good question you asked me. I probably shouldn't say this stuff on this perspective. Andrew Tate, thank you very much for coming back on the CEO's cost. Been a long time, sir. It has been indeed. I like the t-shirt. Well, thank you, mindless of good much. I'm going to give you one after. Perfect. I want to start off with a podcast with this since the last time we spoke. I have to thank you because not only have you changed my mindset and my perspective on life, but I've seen personal friends start six-figure businesses. I've seen fab.  people go to the gym, I've seen men stop chasing women, I've seen a lot happen. I'm going to ask them all one thing they say is down to Andrew Tate. How does that make you feel? Yeah, that's amazing news. And it's good to know that I'm having such a positive impact on the world. It's also interesting because it's living the juxtaposition of the mainstream media and the government, especially in the UK, trying to ban me and convince the world that I'm the devil and that I'm evil. And at the same time, everyone's saying I'm doing such good things. And it's certainly highlighted to me exactly how the mainstream establishment works and how scared they are of making men and people motivated in general. Because when you're a motivated individual, you pay attention to the things around you and you're not laying down ready to accept the slave programming. Happening of the day, I think it was yesterday. Some idiot from leads, I think, with a gun intended on shooting up a mall or something ridiculous. And the mainstream news article was Andrew Tate fan intends on, I'm going to even, I'm going to miss this guy. I'm manipulating away. Where is that?  Useful thing. Well, of course, they're gonna say anyone who does anything bad who follows me on Twitter as an Andrew Tate fan 8.8 million people follow me on Twitter. I'm sure if someone crashes their car, they're not gonna say Taylor Swift fan crashed her car. They don't care, right? You could be listening to Taylor Swift driving your car as you plow into a tree and they're not gonna mention it, but It's crazy how the whole establishment works and I know my message is good and I know that I'm helping people But the scary thing is when you go deeper down the rabbit hole you understand that that's why they dislike me Yeah, they dislike me because I help people. Yeah, they dislike me because I motivate people They want they want to enslave people at the end of the day Of course we're gonna get all to this later on in the podcast But rather than making this a part to you all to make this almost a continuation from the last podcast Okay, so if you remember at the end of the podcast last time I gave you a gron Yeah, now this is very interesting because at the time you wasn't Muslim and now in Hamdi law you are So first of all, I want to say welcome to Islam. Thank you. And secondly what I want to say is I know you've said a few times that you don't  want to discuss Islam too much on podcasts and I completely understand that because at the end of the day It's nothing to be ashamed of because we're all sinners and nothing can get anyone anything perfectly said and Even me being a born Muslim and I'd like to say I have a vast amount of knowledge on Islam Regardless of what I say, there's still going to be people out there who comment back on what I say because people have different schools of thought etc So what will say is just like the quiz shows where you got phone a friend Also the team are Muslim right now, so you've got phone a shake So if you've got any answers any questions you want answered on this podcast today from a fellow Muslim right here Thank you. Oh if I can't get the answer we'll get the answer for you Yeah, it's I'm studying it and I have a huge amount of respect for Islam and it's one of the only subjects That I am passionate about that I don't know everything about everything else I'm interested in I can sit and talk about for hours Yeah, or if I talk about Islam, I feel like there's people far more qualified than me and I feel like it's disrespectful because I'm new to it I'm a revert and I'm trying to learn like everybody else and yes, I'm famous and yes I'm well-known, but my opinion isn't valid compared to someone who's a born Muslim or study day  harder than I have. So everyone's opinions are valid. Of course, but I don't consider myself qualified. Yeah, fair enough. But how would you say it's shaped your life in your mentality? You know the best thing about Islam, the best thing about Islam is how simple it is because there's wrong and right. It's a simple religion. It's well as wrong and right. I mean, you look at other religions and it's also subjective now. And that's why I've said many times on different podcasts that it's the last true religion. If you don't have a strong barrier, if you don't have a yes and a no, you don't have a religion. You can't worry everything. You stand for nothing. And if you believe in God and you say, I believe in God, but I'm not a Muslim, I'm going to say, okay, that's fine. You're a Christian. What is Christianity anymore? What does it mean? You can go to a Christian country and a America, let's take, for example, and you'll get in more trouble for insulting George Floyd than you will for insulting Jesus Christ. Yeah, for sure. You literally, you can walk down the street with a t-shirt saying, Jesus is gay. And then, if you go to church, if you go to church, if they do, who knows what they're doing the night before? None of it means anything. And then, if you go and fight-  Christian says this trans person has changed gender. What do you think about that? Christians are so soft. They're going to go, well, I hope he finds redeem. And I hope they, you know, he finds guidance. Haram bro. Haram. No, you didn't. It's Haram. And I like that. Yes and no. And what's the point in a religion if you're too afraid to say what you believe in? Or afraid to stick up for it? Or afraid to defend it? Then what's the point in any of it? So I feel like it's the last true religion. I feel like it's the last religion on the planet. And it's kind of interesting because I've had, since I've my reversion, I've had lots of conversations with the right wing conservatives who were upset by my reversion as if I cared. And a lot of them said to me, oh, yeah, but you know, it's a Christian country. We need to restore Christianity to England or wherever, wherever. And they don't seem to understand that the basic law of the universe is that power of arguments get filled. This is the basic law of the universe. If a tiger arrives and a brand new ha-  and there's no other predators, it's gonna destroy and eat all the rabbits and it's gonna take over. Thanks. Anyone who's in the West who's concerned about the spread of Islam should be more worried about the absolute fall of Christianity. The reason people revert to Islam is because they're looking for God and they can't find God anywhere else. It's Christianity's fault for being so weak and that- Yeah, we were discussing this as well as a group earlier on and we were like, the UK majority of it is a Muslim population. So it's gone past the point where it's now deemed as a Christian country because there's more Muslims and Christians. In the first place. This is Islamic Republic of Great Britain and the great- and the thing about it. And the thing about it is, it's not even about numbers, it's about strength of belief. If you wake up and you want to truly live a religious life and you want to feel like you have religious conviction and you wanna feel the fraternity of a religious life and you want to have the boundaries and constraints of a religious life, you're gonna be attracted to Islam. You're not gonna be attracted to Christianity because you can wake up and say I'm a Christian and nothing changes. Nothing changes and nobody cares. And that is Christians.  So I've had a lot of people complain at me, as if, like I said, as if my personal choices are something I should... I mean it's kind of... I'm self-analysing as I talk here. I find it very, very interesting that Christians look at Islam as a threat as opposed to just understanding that it is a massive power vacuum because Christianity feels godless and you do not feel god in Christianity anymore and that's the reason that people are so attracted to Islam. That's the reason I was attracted to it because I respect it. How can you... how can you believe in something you don't respect? I don't know and that's a general question for anything. You have to respect it, you have to look at the the creeds and say okay I respect that. I respect how they defend their religion. I respect how they're black and white on certain issues. I respect all of these things. Also it's kind of interesting because if you want to measure the success of a religion you can measure in regards to how many people follow it or like you just said in the UK or how fast it's growing but I think the number one measure of success for a religion is how...  well it preserves the sanctity of a society. I think that if you want to say, is this a successful religion? Well, then you'd look at the society, which it governs and say, are the creeds of the religion being adhered to by the society that it governs? I would argue that most Islamic countries have an Islamic feel. I would argue you'd avoid a lot of the LGBT garbage. You'll avoid a lot of the woke insanity. You'll avoid a lot of the feminism, which is destroyed the West and all these things. Because Islam is being adhered to and it's keeping the society functioning. Do I go to Christian countries and feel like Christianity is preserving them? Not really. What about true hardcore following Christians? I'll give you an example. Obviously, you're just coming off the back of doing a podcast of Joe Janko. Now, I love that podcast purely because you guys were talking about religion, you being a Muslim in here. He seems like, well, I haven't met him obviously, but a true following Christian. And it's funny because when I see a true following question, when I see a true following Christian, it's like you're so close to Islam.  but you're just a couple of places where you're going wrong. Yeah. So when I saw that I was like shout out to George because one day you never know, man could be Muslim themselves. Well yeah, it's kind of interesting. Christians must feel a deep resentment towards Muslims, especially the true believers because we stick up for what we believe in and they want to, but they can't because their own religion has become so woke and almost betrayed them. How can you stand up and say, I'm a Christian and I mean it and you better, when they have gay preachers. Like you see, it doesn't make any sense. And your fellow Christians will turn on you and call you a bigot. Your fellow Christians will call you a bigot and call you hateful for saying that a man shouldn't chop his dick off. And then you're going to sit there and say, I'm a true Christian. Yeah, it does work. So all the Christians I speak to who truly believe and I've spoken to a lot of them, they are very envious of Islam. And then I'm like, well then what's the delay? But they feel like an affinity to Christianity because they were raised with Christianity or they're born Christian and perhaps they see Islam as a Middle Eastern religion which is kind of interesting because Christianity is a Middle Eastern religion. Yeah, it's different.  from the same place. Yeah, they all spiral from the same, they stem from the same country, the Middle East. I read somewhere that only 18% of Muslims are even Arab. I think the largest, obviously, a huge black, important, and Indonesia is a massive Islamic country, Malaysia. I think Islam just crossed over three and a half billion Muslims globally. That's more than half the population of the world. If you believe in God, I don't see how you cannot be a Muslim. I just don't see the attraction to any other religion that makes any kind of sense. And you can also look at this, and this is why I'm careful to discuss this subject. I don't want to get in trouble with people who know more than me. But you can also look at this from the ideological and the theologian standpoint in regards to what happens after we die and superpowers and super, and Alan and Muhammad peace be upon him and all these things that we don't quite understand. But you can also discuss it right here on earth with what you see. Like I just, like I said, about preserving the sanctity of the society. So you sit and say, okay, well, if you're Christian, how is Christianity saving your children is that Jesus?  from the oncoming enslavement. How is Christianity saving your children from the slave mind programming? How is Christianity protecting you? How is Christianity helping your neighbors? How is Christianity preserving anything? Whereas Islam, it's kind of interesting because someone else said this, who was smarter than I, and I can't remember where I heard it from. But they said, whenever you see a post-apocalyptic Christian society in a movie, it's just the purge. And everyone's out to kill each other. When the meteors hear whatever and America's under attack, everyone, there's snipers on the roof, and everyone's trying to get food, and everyone's struggling. Whereas if you look at a post-apocalyptic Islamic society, which exists right now, they're on the earth right now, they function and people still love each other. And it's to belief in God that keeps them together. I mean, there's no legal system in Gaza that's stopping people from committing crime. It's God. It's God alone. And then you sit and say, okay, well, the strength of that...  religion even in the harshest possible conditions can preserve to a degree the sanctity of society and human nature. I don't think a Christian country could do that. If you put a Christian country under the level of destruction, Gaza is currently going through. I don't think people would sit and say, ah, well, Jesus says I shouldn't steal. In fact, if you look at what happens during natural disasters in America, it's the absolute opposite. It's just looting and chaos. What is a Christian country anymore? I don't know. What is a Christian country? A guy in America recently just got charged for a hate crime for taking down a statue of the devil that they had erected in a church. I'm mind blown. I'm not sure if the devil in a church. They put a statue of the devil in a church. They left that one, they walked in there and ripped it down and he's being charged with a hate crime. So I feel like if I want to get conspiratorial, which of course is unlike me, but if I want to, I feel like I'm afraid. Yeah, well, God is the final barrier.  The final barrier to the slave programming is always going to be God because there's a firm right and there's a firm wrong They're gonna come along and convince us all that the sky is green and it's unfortunate because slowly they're going to win Right now we laugh at the fact that a man can chop his dick off and become a girl We laugh at that but our great grandchildren won't laugh at that idea Unfortunately slowly they're creeping in and they'll only barrier to this insanity the final Protection is God the book that says yes and no simple So would you say just a quick and so to say that would you say the answer to getting out of that being part of the group where we don't believe what they say regardless Is religion guys listen one of today's sponsors doing something absolutely crazy for your listeners check this if you want to learn How to trade or struggling to be profitable as a trader Jesse who you can find on YouTube as Casper SMC is guaranteeing any listener who applies for mentorship Through the link in the description will get funded as a straight up or he'll work directly with you until you do in just the last night He days Jesse's helped over a hundred people get funded in his mentorship  Most of these guys never made a single dollar in trading before. And as an extra bonus, Jesse even threw in a gift exclusive to this episode's listness. And that's the trading strategy he's using 30 days leading up to today's episode to clear $100,000 in profits. You can get more info on Jesse's mentorship and the 100k strategy in 30 days using the link in the description below. I do you know Jesse has limited spots in his mentorship, so if you are interested in that take a moment to apply while enrolling is open. Once again, the link is in the description below so make sure you apply. It is, but it's only Islam. This is the point because Christianity is under such heavy attack now and they've watered it down and diluted it so deliberately. They've done that. They want to do it to Islam. They're going to try very hard, but it's not going to be easy. It's going to be a lot harder. Whereas Christianity doesn't protect anything anymore. There's no firm right. Exactly. So that's why Christianity is under deliberate attack because they don't want people to be religious. Because when you're religious, you're going to have a firm right and a firm wrong. The primary goal of the matrix and the primary goal is for them to get you in a position where you'll accept the slave programming regardless of what they're all...  own eyes tell you. That's their primary goal. Their primary goal is for you to walk through life with a mask on full of vaccine, seeing everyone around you fully functioning and healthy and scared of a pandemic or walking through life and meeting a nice gentleman and calling him a man. That's what they want. They want you to ignore your eyes. So, and it's unfortunate they've already got a huge percentage of the populace there who will walk outside and see the sky is blue. Watch the news and being told it's pink and look at him go, oh, I must must have made a mistake. Yeah, it must have made a mistake. So, that's their primary goal and religion prevents that. So, they've come along and they've deliberately assaulted God and they've assaulted the Christian faith and it was a test for the Christian people to stand up and resist and they failed. So, when they complain now about Islam conquering Western nations, I say, well, you failed. You failed. It's now a power vacuum. Power vacuums get filled and anybody with a true heart and true conviction who truly wants to respect God is going to be attracted to the Islamic faith because you have faith.  I don't want, bro, if you're gonna go to war, which I just described, because war is nothing other than controlling of ideas. That's all war is. The reason we send tanks to some random field and blow things apart is to gain influence over a geographic glarius. We can control the idea. Yeah, to control the ideas of that area. So I just described it war to you. It's a spiritual war, but it is a genuine war. If I'm gonna go to war against Satanists who are gonna try and poison my children and enslave me. Who do I want on my team? Think about it. You're about to go into a bar fight. You want to roll with the with the G's or you want to roll with a bunch of pussy? It's a war. And if every time I say to Christians, bro, look what they're doing to Christianity and their answer is, yeah, well, yeah, I pray for them. Bro, no, Haram. Haram. It's interesting because speaking about it, and I just said there's pretty much written in the Quran that there's gonna be a war coming against the Muslims versus the rest in a sense of war.  they're going to try and take everyone away from Islam and try and do that but obviously the true Islam is going to stay there. Now it's interesting because with recent technologies what I've heard in Islam is that the way they try to do it is they want to combine technology with human to create the same power as good. Right? Now I look at things like this might be conspiracy once again but the new Appalvision Proletists just come out. I look at that and thinking so you basically want everyone to wear headsets out and about around the whole world and just live that's let's fully living in the matrix. It's scary and like I said we will laugh at that but as technology progresses and our children's children you're right people are going to be living in a completely digital world with little glasses on. I mean I'm not going to lie to you I've seen the Appalvision Pro I've seen some of the things it can do I refuse to put it on because I have balls so I can't but if once they reduce it to let's say the size of my sunglasses yeah then it's going to be scary. It's going to be crazy. Right? So and that's where technology is going it's heading in one direction and that's actually the most interesting thing because empire.  rises rise and fall and we can discuss the falling of the Western Hemisphere at length, but usually geopolitically as the Empire's rise and fall another empire comes and fills the vacuum as we talked about power vacuums and I feel like this is the first time in human history where as the Western Empire falls which it is, it's going to be replaced with this global technological enslavement program. There's going to be some server somewhere in Angola where no one knows where it is and it's going to control everything and everybody and it's not just a matter of geopolitical influence waning and politicians falling and things like used to happen before. It's actually a lot more scary and the globalism is coming and it can't be avoided and I guess it's kind of like gunpowder technology like this. You can't avoid its progression, it's going to be used, it can be used for good, it can be used for bad, how do you try and prepare yourself for that and counter it? It's super interesting and we need God more than ever, that's for sure. I'm going to transition the podcast now to a point where going back again  in the time of the year, we had done the podcast in May 2022, I think it was a while ago. And then you had your meteoric rise throughout the rest of 2022. It was crazy. And then we could all go and ask to do a part two in Dubai over a new year's period. And you were saying, come in the boat party, come and live the life, we'll do the podcast. I was like, yes, sick. So let me give you guys the audience a story. Going to Dubai now, spent about two grand on the ticket, got there. Literally, as soon as I've landed, open up Instagram and it says there, but it's all over Instagram, I had to take the Tain of Romania. So we're like, oh shit, the Tain of Romania. OK, cool, but you know what? He's going to be there for a couple of days. He'll be all right. We're here for two weeks. He'll be back. He'll be back. And there was literally just no sign of what's happening and all that sort of stuff. So I know you've spoken a lot on the whole jail situation, the prison situation, but I just want to know, as it stands right now, currently, 2023, the day is 13th of February, day before Valentine's Day, where do we stand in terms of to just the system and obviously right now, you're on Romania.  We're just caught in either country, but where do we stand? Where do you go from here? Yeah, the wheels of justice terms slowly. And I'm currently trapped within the country of Romania, but I can go anywhere I want inside of the country. I'm on bail, I guess, effectively. Okay, so I'm gonna pick up a one word you just said there. Trapped. Why trapped? Well, I see myself as trapped because I see myself as completely innocent. It's kind of crazy how the world has moved. We just talked about how they're gonna assault religion, but I believe all of these things are actually inter-wet, inter-linked. It's a large web, and I think that religion is also very, very closely linked to masculinity as a whole. And I think that a man who is strong of conviction, who believes in God, is something that they fear. So they also attack masculinity, and they do that by promoting feminism. And also removing any man's capability or abilities to be masculine at any point. And they do that by empowering women, but also empowering the legal system to destroy men at random in the name of women. So I was accused, obviously, of the complete garbage chart.  of human trafficking via the lover boy method and what they're saying is by being nice to people, I've convinced them to do some work and I stole the money and the funny thing about it is they never worked, I never took the money. But the fact that they're trying to say that being nice to a girl now is manipulation. So if you beat a girl, you go to jail. If you grab a girl by her hair, you go to jail. If you say, excuse me, please can you come over here? You go to jail. So you can't escape this insanity anymore and they're doing it on purpose to remove any capability of all for you to be a man. Women have all the control. We live in a matriarchy. The laws always on their side, they can lie, they can make things up, they're out to destroy you as a man no matter what. They run the household because if you say anything to where you're going to go to jail, if the divorce is you should take all your stuff. Like it's a matriarchy we live under and it's very purposeful and it's kind of scary. I was talking to a friend of the day and he was saying, so your charges are  you were nice to a girl and asked her to do TikTok and keep the money. I said, no, I didn't ask her to do anything. I was nice to a girl who had a TikTok account and they're saying, I stole the money from the TikTok account. They have no proof of this. And he said, bro, I know loads of guys who are nice to girls and buy them handbags. Every girl in Dubai is human traffic. I was like, well, that's just that point. No one's not human traffic now. So everyone's human traffic. And the true objective of all of this insanity and the reason they attacked me, I don't know if you knew this, but I was arrested on the same day that Jeffrey Epstein had a huge break in his case. Oh really? Yeah, yeah. Type in human trafficking and it's only Andrew Tate. It doesn't say anything about Jeffrey Epstein's. The same people who were on Jeffrey Epstein's island are saying, I'm dangerous. And my ideas are dangerous and I'm a human trafficker because I have girls who I know who have TikTok accounts. And they found messages between me and the girls when the girls said, I want to get famous on TikTok. You're famous on TikTok. How do I get famous on TikTok? I said, post at this time, post at this time, post at this time. Human trafficking, the whole point of this insanity is that everybody is guilty all of the time.  And I don't think most people at home watching this understand if you are a red-blooded male in the world today, you are guilty of crimes. And if they come and they get your phone and they look through it, you are guilty. The time you said to your wife, I'll be home soon, is dinner ready, is controlling behavior. The time you sold your phone without paying taxes. The time you recorded yourself driving, breaking the speed limit. The time they'll get your phone and they will wreck you. And by the time they put those eight cases together, you hire a lawyer, you're on bail, you go to trial and they waste three years of your life, they bankrupt you. And you're stuck in this legal quagmire of law fair and it's kind of interesting that most people don't seem to understand when this happened to me. I kept saying on podcasts before it happened, they're going to arrest me. My second life, I was going to be in the free shrugs. I said first they try and cancel you, that fails, they put you in jail for a bullshit reason, if that fails they kill you. And I said they're going to arrest me and I kept warning everyone. And then it came and people are like, what are you just get a lawyer? How stupid do you have to be to think that you just get a lawyer?  It's a matrix attack. It's a, it's a cloud world attack. The whole point is that everybody's guilty of everything all the time and nobody who's been inside the legal system. If you haven't been through the Quagmire yet, you don't understand exactly how guilty you are. I guarantee you every single person watching this right now, if they get hold of your mobile phone and they get the password, they will find charge. Yeah, they can build something against you. Of course they can. They can see the other phones who are in a vicinity with, you can be walking through them all, you walk past the drug dealer at the wrong time. That's enough of them. They will get something and they will wreck you. And if you're not changing your phone once a month, well then you're walking around criminal charges in your pocket. And this is the reality of it. So if you ever get too large, if you ever say things they don't like, because your ability to speak freely is directly correlated with your insignificance. You're only allowed to speak freely, if no one listens. If people listen, then you have to be a lot more careful of what you say, then they come along, they get your phone and they find any excuse they can to charge you. And what did they do with me? They found me giving timings to girls who have TikTok accounts saying, well, have you posted?  this time you'll get more views. And they charged me with human trafficking. The people who were on Epstein's Island, then used a media machine. The people who were on Epstein's Island used a media machine. I just have every time. It happened recently as well with Epstein's Island thing. Those are the whole thing that came out of my mind. And I can't remember what it was the article that they covered the up with, but literally, anything just gets swaped under the rug. The people who were on Epstein's Island used a media machine to convince everyone at home that I'm a human trafficker because I said what time to post on TikTok to some friends who said they were not human trafficked. The girls themselves are saying, we're not human trafficked. This is insane. Let them go. So it's a matrix attack. And you have to understand that you live under a system in which the government will pretend they protect you. But truthfully, the government is out for itself. And the government is aiming to get forever an endless control of your life. Every single government's objective is some form of communism where they control everything. They don't care about the prosperity. They don't care about making money. These...  Things are kind of a illusion. Many people say, oh yeah, but the government wouldn't do that because they need people to have businesses, they need people to make money. They print the money. They make up the money. And they don't care of you, starve, because they'll always eat. If they cared about money, why was COVID everyone locked in their house? Why did everyone's business get closed on COVID? They cared about money. No, they never cared about money. They don't care. What they care about is control. And not enough people go to sleep at night realizing that every day you wake up, the government makes new laws. It's a government ever taken a law away. Once the last time the government said, we have too many laws. Give me the book. Let's throw some of this trash away. Every day there's new ones. And if you make new laws every single day, you're eventually heading towards slavery. That's the end of the whole bit. It's slavery. And we're not far off slavery now. I think a lot of people don't realize that the idea of slavery is we're going to get somebody force them to work, leave them in a house that we've given them and give them some food and we're going to force them to work. Doing that is extreme.  difficult. It's actually not efficient because you have to force someone to do a job they don't want to do, which is very hard to do. You have to stop them running away, you need an army, you need a fence. It's very difficult. It's actually much easier to pay them a little bit of money and they spend all that money on their house and their food and they believe they have free will. And now they don't realize they're a slave anymore because if you're a slave you get kidnapped and you get told to work and you get a house and food. If I say, oh I don't have to kidnap you. Oh, here's a nice opportunity for you. Come do this job. It's an opportunity and then you work and you spend all your money on a house and food. Now you think you're free and you're actually a slave. Yeah, you're still in it. Of course. And the primary, the best prison on earth is going to be the one you don't realize you're in. That's the goal is to keep the wool over everyone's eyes. Most people don't realize they're in a jail. They wake up at 7 a.m. and they go to a job and they work hard all day and they come home and they have no time for their family and they barely pay their bills and they barely afford to eat and they have no money left at the end of the month and they somehow think they're free and they sit there and they watch the news and news live so that they go back seen in their arm and they can't fly and work so  can't afford it, or if their boss will give them leave. And they somehow believe they're free. You're a slave. They believe they're free when their boss signs and you leave that, yeah, you ain't in no freedom. It's absolutely, it's slave world. And it's kind of crazy because even when I was in jail, I was talking to Tristan, we were saying this. Most people on the outside are less free than us here in jail. At least I can feed my family and feed my children. At least I can fly people I love all around the world at random. It's kind of crazy, but all of these things that are done is to ensure that the controlling class and the elites have as much control over the populace as possible. That's the end goal of it all. And I don't think most people understand that. I'm interested to know, what was it like for you to be about your... Because obviously you lost time at a public cost. You didn't reveal your kids. But now that you know, people know that you have kids and aware of it, what was it like for you to be about them for so long? Yeah. And have you ever been about them for so long on that scale before? No, never. But I'm lucky they're relatively, relatively.  young. But I feel like jail is just part of life. It's kind of interesting. I don't know there's a name for this theory. It might be called the high low theory. I don't know if that's true. I might have just made that up off my head. But people who are at the bottom of the society and people who are at the absolute top of the society live similar lives. And the people in the middle avoid certain things. I'll give you an example. The homeless people didn't get the vaccine. The billionaires didn't get the vaccine. People in the middle got the vaccine. The homeless people are stuck in endless legal battles and going to jail and need a lawyer and getting arrested, etc. The people at the top are stuck in endless legal battles and going to jail and needing a lawyer and getting arrested. And somewhere in the middle, you can avoid these things. You can sit in the middle and go, oh, I'm so glad I don't go to jail. I'm just going to pay my mortgage and I'm just going to work really hard and I'm just going to be quiet. I'm not going to have an opinion and I'm going to listen to the BBC and I'm not going to post on Facebook and I'm just going to sit there and be a good slave. But if you're on the top of the bottom, you're kind of stuck in the same scenarios. And if you get to a high echelon, the highest echelons of life, you're going to deal with this crap. You're going to go to jail. You're going to catch your case.  If you make a bunch of money, you're gonna catch a case. If you're at home right now and you're thinking, I wanna become a millionaire, that's fine. But if you wanna make $20, $30, $40 million, and you're from nothing, you're from a council estate like me, and you wanna end up with why I have hundreds of millions of dollars. But let's say you wanna make $30 million. There is no way you're getting there without catching a case. The feds are gonna jump on you, you're gonna get a tax evasion, money laundering, some girls are gonna want some money. You're gonna end up in a jail cell. I guarantee it. Would you say, because in that case, it's not normal for someone to come from a council estate to make $30 million. I think it's because there's a universal law, there's a law of the universe and it's absolute universal. And there's some laws which are man-made, and there's some laws which are dictated by God himself that you can't avoid, and there is no light without dark. There is no light without dark. You're not gonna be able to go from a loot and council estate to paying yourself $2 or $3 million a week without catching a case. You're gonna end up caught. Whether I ran my mouth or not, I sit here and tell the truth because I believe it's my duty and I believe the-  and I have such a large platform so that I can inspire people to resist the slavery of the matrix. But you're always gonna do these things. So if anyone is at home is actually truly ambitious and understands and wanna make a whole bunch of money, that's great. But you have to be prepared for the good and the bad. It's actually aesonine and awfully childish for people to want an exceptional life and think that exceptionalism is only the positive. People say, I don't want a normal life. I want a great life. Okay, you don't want a normal life. Well guess what's not normal? Private jets with your baguette being flown over to Dubai waiting for you and Romanian dungeons. They're both not normal scenarios. You can't have one without the other. And if you truly wanna be free or you wanna feel like you're free, you're gonna pay the price for that. So I think like, especially as the world continues to spiral towards authoritarianism, especially as people begin to wake up and wanna tell the truth, especially as they try to control all of us even harder with the economic mechanisms they have. If you're out here looking to make a bunch of money, you need to also prepare yourself for a case.  and prepare yourself for jail. So would you say it's impossible, very, very unlikely, for someone to have the Bugatti private jet lifestyle and not have the other side of things where Romanian dungeon. Okay, well let's talk about that. So you have to remove all the attack vectors. Let's say I wanted to get as rich as possible and I wanted to make sure, no matter what, I didn't go to jail. Okay, that's fine. But then you're gonna end up removing the joys of life because it's the joy of life that's the attack vector. It's actually funny. I said something the other day to my brother. I said, all the men I know just wanna work. If you ask me what I wanna do when I wake up work, what am I doing on Sunday work? What I'll do is work. All the women I know just wanna have fun and fun is where the problems come. All the fun is to sin and the herometes and the garbage. Fun is danger, right? So it's the same. You have a nice Ferrari of a Bugatti. You wanna drive it really fast, you're well known in your city. That's problem.  You want to go out to the club and hang around with a bunch of girls? That's problems. Anything you do once you get rich, they're gonna use against you. So you're saying how do you get rich without ending up in trouble? Well, then what's the point in being rich if you're just gonna sit in your house and behave? Like what's the point being rich? If you're just gonna sit in your house and lock the door and be scared of everything. If you're a rich person and you go out and you go to a nightclub or you go to a restaurant or you try and talk to a girl on Instagram That's enough. That's a case. That's it. It's done. That's done. You can do it when you're broke. When you're broke, you can go out there and say, hey, you're beautiful. We'll just say, go away. When you're rich and you go up and say, excuse me, you're beautiful. She says, go away and then she realizes who you were and how rich you were and she'll change her mind. Yeah, at least. And she'll message you. And then if you ignore her, she'll say, you said, she's a solider. And now you got a police case. That's the world now. So you can't avoid these things. There's no light without dark. And I also think that it would be cowardice to say, I want to get as rich as possible. I want to make sure nothing bad happens to me. Listen, this is the universal law of how the world has always worked.  If you're going to be a warlord and you can talk about it financially, it's financial war, businesses war. If you're going to be a warlord, you're going to go to war. So what I will say is, though you did say, you know, your children are young and they didn't really quite understand, I'm just going to go back to that point because, though they may not understand, I haven't got kids, but I can imagine that if I did, I'd still be thinking regardless, even if they're just born, I'll still be thinking, is everything going alright with them? Oh yeah. Because you don't, correct me from wrong, you don't have communication with the outside world, apart from talking to your lawyer, right? Yeah, I had a couple phone calls, but not too many. And my primary problem in jail was making sure everyone else was taking care of. I wasn't working myself. That's what I was saying, yeah. Yeah, and this goes back to the point I was making earlier. So a lot of people want to make money. And because they don't understand how the government operates, because they don't understand what the matrix is trying to do, because they don't understand that they're guilty of everything all the time just because they're a man, because they don't understand that trying to become financially free is direct attack on the matrix. They've convinced you that they want people to become financially free, because it's good for the economy. That's garbage. No, they want you enslaved all of you.  You are attacking the matrix in many forms, you need to prepare for jail. And things like my children, I was prepared in advance for jail. I kept saying they're going to send me. If I had not prepared properly, everyone, including myself, would be destitute. My family would be destitute. My children would have starved. I would be destitute. I've been arrested a year and a half ago that my bank accounts were seized on the day of my arrest. I haven't had a dollar, not a dollar since that day. And I pulled up an SF9. So how did I do that? How did I do that? Well, I did that by thinking ahead. And you have to ask the average person at home. And I'll ask you now, please, as a professional, answer the following question. If they take your passport and they take all the bank accounts in your name, and they take all of your cryptocurrency accounts in your name, and they seize your house because your house is a mortgage, and they're going to find out what that is, and they're going to get a new piece of paper from a judge, and they're going to seize that. What do you have left? And where? And can you access it? Can you access it from jail? How do you move that money around? How do you pay for people? Where is it? You don't even, people don't even think ahead. They save up some money, and they put it in their net west, and they go home free.  You're not free of anything that West will take that off you It is a second one phone call. Yeah, the same way you said in the last podcast if you really own a house I could take that in the split second as well. Thank you Don't own anything. Yeah, so then you have to sit and go okay How do I prepare for the ultimate level of matrix attack with my money? Well, you can put things in other people's name That's one way, but then if they work out who those people are they're gonna take that to so then you have to sit and realize Well, how do the elites do it? The elites don't own anything trust funds own things companies own things show companies own things So then you have to go deeper down the rabbit hole and realize that you need to start sending up these extremely elaborate Corporate structures just to protect your car Because I want you to lose it So most people at home and I reason I say these things most people at home don't realize how fragile they are And you're very fragile if you're broke But you're also very fragile if you're rich and you're not prepared for the matrix attack because it's gonna come It's going to come for you. Yeah, and if you're not prepared for it They're gonna take everything you own and they're gonna be tested to Like I said a year and four months I haven't had  officially to one dollar. How am I supposed to live? For a year and four months with no money, no food, no gas, no pain for my children, nothing. Well, you told me, how are you doing it? Let me think about an excuse. Because that's a very interesting question. The thing that intrigues me as well there is the crypto because to what everyone seems to believe. They took everything off of everything. Yeah, and everyone seems to believe that crypto is decentralized government can't touch it. No one can touch it apart from you. Yeah, no. If you have a finance account or any of these accounts, don't find them and they'll take it off. So, you have to prepare yourself for these things. And that's one thing I'm not going to say because I'm still currently on bail. Yeah, of course. You have to prepare yourself for these things. And it takes diligent work. There's so much work for you to do as a man. I don't know how people even, I barely sleep, and I never not work, and I never lay in. I'm never lazy. And I don't understand how people don't work all of the time. And when I say that, people say, but work on what? I don't know what to work on.  Bro, you need 10 passports, you need 25 bank accounts, you need shell companies, you need a trust fund, you need to make some money, you then need to move that money away, you need multiple places to live, you need a place for your children to live, they need a trust fund, you have stuff to do. I mean, people are just sitting around doing nothing, it's mind boggling to me. And I guess if you sit around and do nothing, maybe you won't be successful, but if you're lucky enough to pull something off and make a little bit of money and you get too large, but you haven't done the groundwork, then you get wrecked the other way. They want people inside of their slave containers, they want everyone in the middle. All of the laws are made to control the people in the middle. So they want as many people as possible in the middle, like we just discussed the vaccine, they can't enforce it against a homeless, they can't enforce it against a billionaire. This stopped enforcing it altogether. Well, they have now. But let me give you another example, taxes. They can't enforce taxes against a homeless man, and they can't enforce taxes against a billionaire. They can only enforce taxes against a people in the middle.  Because when you make a law, you have to make the law so that it applies to as many people as possible So what they try and do is force everyone into this middle bracket middle class the middle class and the goal is to get everyone in there So they can wreck them with the law. It's only the middle class that are afraid of the law It's the middle class that's afraid of getting a speed ticket because if he gets a speeding ticket And he doesn't pay the speeding ticket then it goes to a bay lift and the bay lift turns up to his house And he can't run away because the house is his and it's in a mortgage If he doesn't pay it, they're gonna take the house off him and seize his car and he has to pay that speeding ticket If you give some homeless bomb would just stole a car speeding ticket He doesn't care and if you give a billionaire a speeding ticket and never even arrives at his house Yeah, it ends up going to some foreign shell company in the Cook Islands owns the Ferraris borrowing so Only in the middle you get screwed by the law so they try and keep everyone in the middle That's what they do so they'll pretend they want to help homeless this and pretend they want to help people to bomb to elevate them up to this middle class where they can wreck them and they also drag everyone from the top down Because they want to be the middle because they want in the middle so they can wreck you  And all of the laws are made with this in mind. So if you're going to be truly rich, like I am, and also what I did, my capital crime was preaching freedom, and inspiring freedom. The reason they dislike me so heavily is because I inspire freedom. Of course, yeah. Young boys look at me and go, I don't want to do the things the Matrix tells me to do. I want to be like Andrew Tate. Well, this is what I said in the beginning of the podcast. I said, thank you, because I've seen people turn businesses within two years to six figures. Yeah. And to them, that's their definition of freedom. They're now in the upper echelon of society. And that's thanks to you. So it's the same thing you're inspiring them to do so, and you're still inspiring people to do so. Well, I'm doing my best, and I'm a symbol of resistance. I'm a symbol of masculine imperative, and I'm a symbol of freedom. And they find me scary for that reason. And when they want to... I mean, they can't put everyone in jail, right? And they want to keep the population in slaves. So what they're thinking is, if we chop off the head of the snake, if we get rid of Andrew Tate, our job will be easier. Yeah. But unfortunately, for them, it's not working so far. So they're going to have to...  It's a fascinating experience. While you're writing that up, I'm gonna transition this podcast a bit. There was a recent documentary that come out in the UK. I'm not gonna say what documentary is because I don't think they deserve any more cloud than it is. But I remember when this documentary was getting released, there was a trailer that showcased your full lifestyle. Cigars, Bugatti, Priregett. And I was like, hmm, this documentary seemed interesting because I don't know what angle they're coming at. So anyway, I watched this podcast, they showed the lifestyle, they showed everything. And obviously it was a full-on matrix to attack a documentary. But one thing I highlighted from that documentary, which is one of the things that's said, and I'm pretty sure the exact words were, from one of the producers and from the other, is Andrew Tate from early days has always chased fame. And they said that in the form of Big Brother, kickboxing their users, they'll say, you know, that's a great way to get famous. So what do you say to that statement there? Oh, trying to be successful. Ah, I'm the worst person in the world. Andrew Tate's trying to be successful, prickly, put him in jail.  Once again, Matrix attack, mind garbage. They're trying to enslave people. Don't be a kickboxer. Don't get up every day, go running, train hard, get strong, be brave, into the ring, honorable combat. Don't do that, no. Don't do anything of significance. Because if you do anything of significance, you're trying to become famous. That makes you a bad person. How dare you be significant? Significance and fame are the same thing. I think it's to mask you and impair it to be a man. What does a male peacock do it? Throw shows at feathers. I look, yeah, I'll kick the shit at you. I'll kick the shit at you. I'll see you on February 10th, pussy. Of course. What does that make me? Does that make me fame hungry? It's just God. What are they? What they're hoping is that some kid will sit there and go, okay, so if I try to be anything that's bad, I'll just sit and be a matrix slave. That's what they want. What's funny is I don't think anybody believes these clowns anymore. I don't know who is watching the BBC and believes a single word they say. I guess the boomers, the old people, but mainstream media is dying. I've been a huge part of the attack on the...  I've been a massive part of the crack on the matrix, which is why they hate me so much. So why they're trying to get rid of me. I've never watched that documentary. The funnest thing about it, all this thing that's great. They're my out of haters and the amount of documentaries and my garbage that's made about me. I've never watched any of it. And I kind of find it interesting, even as we speak right now, I don't say this publicly, as we speak right now, the UK is trying to put me in jail. England, because Romania has failed, so England has picked up. And England's coming up me with all this garbage and they're going to try and charge me soon with some imaginary crimes. Maybe it's why they'll drop the documentary. Well, there you go. Of course, because you have to, you first you have to poison the public mind. Yep, yep. To believe that you want to leave you guys. I said, the UK is trying to put me in jail. And I'm saying this now, on this podcast, everyone listen to me. The UK is coming next. Romania has failed. UK has picked it up. And as the UK tried to put me in jail, I sit and I wonder, I say, imagine being a prosecutor. I probably shouldn't say this stuff, I'm supposed to say it. And you get paid, I don't know, three grand a month or whatever, two grand a month. And you're sitting there looking through my whole life.  for months. May money. That's a lot of money. That must be a crime. For real, that's a crime. Oh my God, he has a nice watch crime. And you're sitting there. The obsession. And for like six months, just sitting there. Just unlearned the experience. I'm like, it's kind of weird that there's all these full grown adults with this much obsession, making documentaries, trying to take me down, prosecutors in dark rooms, going through my life, trying to take me down. X, girlfriend, blowing up my phone, what don't reply to anymore. Everyone's just like, it is weird. And I just wake up going, there's so many other people's lives, which you just intertwined with mine, or obsessed with the idea of trying to be involved in mine. It's actually very weird. I don't know who made that documentary. I don't care. I'm not going to watch it because it's garbage. And my time is valuable. And everything they produce is garbage. And the idea that they're going to say that trying to become significant in the world is a bad thing, because they see it as chasing fame. No, I see it as becoming significant. Did gangus can't chase fame?  No, well, I mean you just want to conquer the world Yeah, but we know is made and the people who didn't want to conquer the world guess what happened to them They woke up the matrix mind is slaves from back then the people who watched the BBC of those days Yeah, and they woke up and said I don't want to be a bad person I want to be a good person I don't want to chase fame and what they did is they sat there on their little chair and waited for the marauding Horde of the Huns to come over the hill and chuck their head off and that's what they did and they died or nobody So the people who didn't chase fame got murdered and their women got stolen from them and the ones who did chase fame had Empires, so whoever that dip shit who made that documentary is I would sit with him and argue with him to end of earth But the funny thing is I guarantee you've already sit across from him He's a dummy. He's probably a bit slow. He's matrix minded and he's an idiot and nobody believes what he says anyway so It's I'm flabbergasted these people say these things without embarrassment or remorse I'm such a professional and so hard on myself  If I said something so asinine, I would feel genuine guilt. I would have to issue some kind of public apology. These clowns just go through earth talking crap and never even look at the mirror and go, I'm an idiot. I'm an idiot and nobody believes me. It's crazy. But I guess this is part of the propaganda campaign because the UK is now ramping up its legal attack on me and they wanna put me in jail for some reason because the raindrops failed so now they're gonna try so they're gonna try and poison public mine first. Which makes it another thing interesting. I'm gonna say this on the podcast because why not? People say to me, oh, you're in Romania, you're going through the Romanian legal system isn't that scary? Do you think it's corrupt? And I say, well, the Romanian legal system is not as politically charged as the West. Do I have a fairer shot in a UK court where members of parliament discussed how I am dangerous and should be in jail? I mean, they've already banned you from schools and stuff like that being hosted out. Do I get a fair trial in England? Tell me, I walk into the English court, trial, judge, law, because that's not subjective at all. Of course, and I...  walk in there and members of parliament are saying I'm dangerous and news is saying I'm dangerous and the BBC is saying I'm dangerous and everyone's saying I should go jail. When I stand in front of the judge, I said I haven't done anything, but you have to be right to take jail. What the fuck? Do I get a fair shot in England? I doubt it. I heavily doubt it. Now of course, all my boys are in jail, so I'd be easier than Romanian jail. I mean, it's not nothing. I've done the hard work, so it's like butlin's compared to what I've been through. But do I even get a fair shot? And then you go further down the rabbit hole and you realize that at the highest echelons of fame and notoriety, the whole legal system is just theater anyway, not a bit fair. This is a question for everyone at home. If your guilty or innocent can affect the general consensus of a populace or if it can affect the reputation of a country or if it can affect the way certain issues are viewed by the masses as a whole. Do you...  You think they care about you going to jail for a little while or do you think they care about giving the right verdict for their agenda? They're agenda. Of course, do you think they're going to sit there and go, Andrew's come to jail and done nothing wrong, but we've been trying to convince the world he's bad for a very long time and Romania's trying to put him in jail and they've failed. And now he's here in front of our judge and we're going to let him go because he's innocent and let him have BBC Andrew Take Walks Free from Core or they're going to say, two years, agitate guilty, blah, blah, blah, blah. Which one do you think they give a shit about two years of my life? Do you think the matrix and the people who are in charge of countries are concerned about me going to jail unfairly? Do you know that people are in jail unfairly? There's so many people in jail unfairly. Nobody's people have been through the system to understand. The day I stand in front of a UK judge, I'm toast. I'm toast, it doesn't matter, I got the best lawyers, King Council, I could sit there and say, I don't mind, the CTV wasn't me. Jail, I'm done. And that's the thing that most people living inside the matrix don't yet understand. They still think the law is real. Oh, but the law, the law, what?  What is the law book? A book, when was that law made? 1781. If the law wasn't garbage, why do you need a lawyer to interpret it? Why do we need judges to go maybe yes, maybe no? The law, it's all made out of the law. It's all a scam. Some black and white. It's all a matrix. Some people have guilty of certain things. Bro, we're gonna sit here and talk about human trafficking. Human trafficking, lover boy method, he was nice to her and convinced her to do something for him. Every woman on earth is a lover girl. Every single one is nice to a man, gets handbags from him. She's nice to him for financial gain. Look, every single woman on earth, and Jay, oh no. That's not gonna be the case. That's not a crime, no. And any man who's nice to his woman, that's fine. But if Andrew Tate is nice to anyone, so I can't be nice to people, I can't be mean to people. I just can't talk to people. I'm not allowed to talk to anyone. If I talk to anybody and they get all the text messages, it's a crime. It's insane. And that's the crazy thing about it. Because I have people constantly messaging me, constantly trying to get hold of me.  men and women, loads of women, because loads of women love me. Most people don't understand that I'm actually adored by the female populace. And they're like, oh, can we just talk about this? I can't talk to people. If I don't know you, I can't talk to you. Hey, I've got a business idea, let's meet. No, I don't know who you are. And I don't know what your intention is. I don't know who you work for. I don't know what we're gonna do with the text, I can't talk to anyone. And I look at an asshole, I'm not an asshole. I'm trying to protect myself because once you're under this level of majors attack, bro, if you slip up one little bit, that's it. I reply yes, no, and okay. That's what it was on my replies on text message. That's no or okay. I can't have a personality anymore. I can't make a joke. I can't laugh. It's crazy. But yeah, the whole thing isn't the same. If you were to go to the UK jail, how long would you think you'll do for? God, no idea. They're trying to charge me with a bunch of junk. I don't know. So my question to you is, if a man, a man that's of your level of wealth and your level of status, and you could access things as much as you want, it may seem like a stupid question, but you could just bounce, no? Like in theory, you could go to Ireland. I could.  I could, but you know what? I feel like God's testing me, and he's not giving me this to run. He's giving me this to fight. And if I lose, then I will go to jail. Bro, if I was an illegal immigrant and came into the UK by boat and walked around with a mishae, I wouldn't go to jail. But if you make a bunch of money, you're gonna go to jail. To go to jail, yeah. It's like the whole, the priorities. If the only explanation for why the things work are the way they work is because they're trying to deliberately destroy society. Have they caught that guy with the acid attack yet? Nope. Okay, they haven't even caught him. Have they caught him? No, they said that his body may be in the river temps. Let me tell you why they haven't caught him. And I don't know, of course, because I'm a police officer, but I am a professional. I know everything's on top of you. Here's why they haven't caught him. The only way you can get away with an acid attack in London and not get caught within a day is if you have basically no fingerprint, no facial recognition profile, no social media.  No bank accounts, no mobile phone, nothing. Because if you had any of those things you would go. Meaning, he is what? He is an illegal immigrant who arrived on a dinghy. He arrived on a boat. He came into the country. He was never registered or recognized ever. We have no border whatsoever. He destroyed people's lives. He has no paperwork. And nobody wants to say that on the news. Because if you say that on the news, and people are going to start getting pissed off about the boats. So they allow this to happen to tax pay. And law-abiding citizens having acid thrown in their face. Because some psycho from God knows where it turns off. And the police are sitting. A whole task force of NCA are sitting in a dark room going through my social media trying to put me in jail. This is the dumb shit, man. On what level of clown world are we? On what level of clown world are we operating on? Like there's nothing else to do. There's no stabbing epidemic. The watches are getting stolen.  London, the car, is every Range Rover gets stolen. Like they have nothing else to do? Well, of course, they don't care. They don't care. They don't sit there and say, let's actually protect the population and do something important. No, they don't care. They say, let's get Andrew, because that will show people at home that you can't tell the truth. That you can't get too big, and you can't get too popular, and that if you have opinions, you should keep them to yourself. And next time the COVID comes around, and you know it's garbage, you should probably shut up, because you don't want to end up like Andrew. Look what happened to Andrew. And that's what's going to happen. I don't think I have a fair shot in any Western court. I don't think I have a fair shot anywhere. I have a fair shot with God. That's it. That's what I've got left. I was going to say this in the beginning of the podcast, but Allah says in the Quran, I will not burn in the soul. I will not burn in the soul with much... I'll burn in the soul with what it cannot bear. Something like this. Yeah, yeah, it's true. And in your case, it's like, do you see it? It's just, God testing you. Well, the thing about all of this, which is so interesting to me, is that...  And maybe this is cope, but I would consider it a reframe. My enemies can only make me stronger. You're going to put me in jail. You think I won't come out and we're formidable opponent from jail. I mean, there are so many things that could happen to me that would be worse than jail. I could get cancer. I could be in a car crash. I could lose a loved one. I could end up at war. I could... So many worse things than jail. People think jail is terrible. And yeah, jail is bad. But on the list of bad things that can happen to you, jail is actually something with the middle. Yeah, yeah. The government can assassinate me. I'm sure it's crossed their minds one day they will. But until they assassinate me, they're going to have to put me in jail. And putting me in jail, the primary objective is to financially destroy me, which I will not allow them to do. And my brand is so big now that my brand is worth billions. Just me. I'm me. I'm agitated. I could walk into any company anywhere and say, Hey, pay me 10 million. I'll advertise you. Done. You can't. You can't make me poor. My house...  hard to try prosecutors, I'm gonna be rich. That's the first thing. Second thing is mentally break me, but they don't understand that I love the difficulty. I've reframed my mind. I eat pain, it's good, it's fine. Put me in jail, great, I can't wait. Put me in jail. I have all the time in the world to do push-ups. Put me in jail. You can't puzzle for it. Take me to jail. No, but if I'm a scared of them, that empowers them. You can put me in jail. It doesn't change who I am. In fact, it makes me more condensed, more formidable version of myself. The fact that everybody knows this is a matrix attack and I've done nothing wrong makes me more famous and more globally recognizable. I emerged from jail as rich as before, more well-known and stronger than I've ever been. So put me in fucking jail. So put me in jail, you think I'm scared? I don't, that's what we're gonna do. Put me in jail. And they think that put me in jail is gonna somehow punish me. I don't see it as a punishment. I'm looking for an exceptional life. Exceptionalism is the highs and the lows. I want both. I wouldn't appreciate driving my Bugatti. Around the world if I didn't.  Go to jail. If I only had one, the other would be nothing. You would have known the other. Yeah, you would have known the other. Okay, jail. Fantastic. Can't wait. I can't wait. Put me in because they're going to. So the only reframe is do it. Go and do it. Is someone put the gums in your head? Well, shoot me then. Pussy. What the fuck? What am I going to say here and cry? The fucking dude. That's the only thing. It is what it is. So, but I just want people to understand that if you're truly looking to reach the highest levels of experience in life, you're going to end up getting through this, go into the same crap I'm going through. They're going to hit you and they're going to get you because everyone's guilty of something. Yeah, look, you mentioned these three stages of matrix attack here. Band, they'll cancel you somehow with allegations and then the third one, they'll be in kill you. And I know you've said many podcasts, even the last one we've done, you said you'll never commit suicide. Never. Any regards at all. Never. I understand that. And I agree with that. Yeah. You're not the man to do so. But who's to say, and I don't know how much of this in the podcast, I'm keeping, but who's to say they can't kill you off the same way they did with other people. If they want me dead, I'll do.  And but I know I've got a lot of jail to do first before that. So I'm on my second life, but I don't think I've expired it yet But it has to be in the Udo yeah That's because now if they kill you they make you a martyr plus everybody knows what they're doing now Mm-hmm. They don't you can't just kill people like before nobody know if they kill me everyone's gonna know So they're like okay, well we don't make him a hero We don't want to give him the significance of a hero into eternity because truthfully what we do on this earth Dunya what we do on this earth is temporary and that's fine But being a legend for attorneys pretty attractive. Yeah, of course And these and these people are not legends and they don't want to make me a legend They don't want to kill me. They want to destroy me. You don't you don't you don't destroy a man by killing him at the height of his powers Now they want to break me. They want me to do a Jordan Peterson and cry my eyes out on cameras They want to make me they want an example of me. They want me to sit and say sorry. They want me to say I'm sorry matrix I'm sorry They want me to push you out and they're very frustrated  I won't. They're like, why can't this guy? Why can't we just make him shut up? He is so stubborn. Correct. I am stubborn. As we discussed earlier in the podcast, God knows what's right. God knows what's wrong. I just follow the book. Yeah. I tell the truth. That's my job to do. Tell the truth. I'm my job here is not to lie to people. I don't lie. So that's why I'm stubborn. That's why they don't like religion. But their goal is to destroy me. And I refuse to let them. But I don't think they're going to kill me anytime soon. I think they're going to try and hit me with endless legal quagmires and the goal being to financially bankrupt me or mentally break me. They don't understand that. That's what they can't happen. Because the legal quagmires increases the strength of my brand, which increased my earning potential. And they can't mentally break me because I'm a warlord and I enjoy war. So come do it. It's kind of crazy. Like the UK who are after me, they have these crazy ideas on this big criminal kingpin blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.  I know I look the part, I'll take it. But I also think, and I'm just talking out loud, like, I'm a prosecutor, okay. He's criminal kingpinnings, do crimes, this, this. I'm the most Googled man on earth. You think I can't make legit money? Like I'm the most Googled human on the planet. You think I can't sell $10 million of fucking T-shirts? Like what are you looking at? What are you gonna do? And if we need to start, please. I'm not making a joke. He's selling drugs. Why would I sell drugs? I'm the most famous man on earth. I'm the most legal, most straightforward incomes you can possibly have. Hi, this is me, this is where my money comes from. No, must be something hidden. What, why? Because I said women can't park. Because I said women can't park. No, he's a misogynist. He must have done something. He's a crime boss. Bro, these people have lost their minds. They're just looking for anything at the point I was done. I gotta go to court and say, this is garbage. Here's all my legal income.  This is all alive. This is garbage. I'm not gonna sit there and go, hmm, jail. That's what it is. They were decided from the get-go. 100% of the matrix attack. 100% is a matrix attack. She's like Romania did. And that's how it works. And I guess the only regret I kind of have is people I love being dragged into the matrix attacks. So recently, a girl I know very well was, her house was raided. She was just dragged to jail in England. This is very recent. Tell us my undertake, tell us my undertake, tell us my undertake. Did that raid house? Because of me. Because of me. Yeah. And I find it very sad that people I care about have to go through that garbage because the government is abusive. And she was like, what is this? Like this is insane. And it goes to show you like the levels these people operate on because they were saying, oh, we can see he sent you money. Yeah. And where did that money come from? What work are you doing for him? Are you doing this? Are you doing that? Are you moving things to?  He makes you like trying to pretend I've hired her for something. She's like, I go to the spa. He sent me money for her. Yeah, but that's too much money for shopping. She's like, maybe for you, not for me. Like, what the? Like, you know what I'm just doing? Cause nowadays, bro, to these people, 10 grand is like, whoa, instrumental in surprise. I'm like, she said she wanted to go shopping. So I give her 10 grand. Yeah, that's a matter of Jimmy. She's like that. Yeah, it's just two pairs of shoes. Yeah, it's been two pairs of shoes. These people have lost their mind, bro, it's crazy. But it's fine. I'll end up in jail with the guys. And I'll sit there and I'll eat my meal. Like everyone else, most people don't understand. I'm not a rich guy. I'm a poor guy with lots of money. I'm not from a privileged backman. You'll fit right in. You'll fit right in. I can't wait. Can't wait. You said you're a guy that's very prepared, right? And I want to bring it to this point. I want to give you my perspective on it and you tell me how it was. So towards the end of 2022, before you were arrest, you were chilling with streamers like Aiden Ross, for example, right? On their stream and trying to improve their mentality, trying a bit of themselves. Was that so?  Because, because a few of you guys are looking at this. Him being the most popular streamer at the time can keep your relevancy up as well in the time that you're wearing. But also, it can be by using him to keep your message going to the masses. Now, I could have to him because I don't follow him too much to be fair, but I know, I think for a month or two after you were in jail, he was still going to the gym getting in shape. I don't know about now, but I mean, what was it for you? Yeah, he has a huge audience of young kids. The new generation are lost, bro. They're a mess. Finished. Yeah, they're done. And most streamers are just clowns, and they don't provide any kind of value. Because to provide value in the world, you need to know things. And you're only going to know things through pain and suffering. I think that God teaches you through pain and suffering. Every single time you suffer pain, you're learning a lesson. And to be honest with you, I don't think men learn lessons any other way. I don't think we are capable of learning lessons without pain. I can give you a bunch of examples. How many times does your girl said stop cheating on me or I'm going to leave?  You're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, and you keep cheating. And then she leaves, and they're like, that's where you go to leave. She has you did it. You only, you only, you only, you only learn the hard way. That's men. So that's why ball teaches us the hard way. So for you to have value, for you to have wisdom, for you to be able to give lessons, you need to have a very difficult life. The reason people listen to me talk is because my life's been good and bad. But it was only good. If I was only sitting here talking about while watches I can buy, nobody would care. So I have that. People might not even like you because all this guy's just a flexile. 100%. So you need to have all the bad things. And a lot of these young kids now, the streamers, they don't have any difficulty in their lives. Bro, you're 14 and you start getting paid millions of dollars from these streaming platforms. You have literally zero difficulties. So then how do you attract views? The only way you can do it is by self degradation, being a clown, being a court jester, and for people laugh at you as opposed to laugh with you. So then it becomes a race to the bottom who could do the most stupid shit. And then they all start just being idiots online and being children. And I understood this. And Aiden Ross is one of the most well known versions of.  And he's actually a nice guy, I know him very well. And I thought, let me try and give some positive messaging to the youth, and that's why I did it. And I actually like Aiden. He's more switched on than he comes across. But I'll take any platform and say the same things. It doesn't matter what platform you put me on. It doesn't matter if it's a feminist platform or children platform. I'll say the same things, which is the truth of God and how to hard work hard. And I'd like to think there's some children out there I've inspired via Aiden. He's a really nice guy. But I don't know what he's doing now. I don't know what his streams are about now, et cetera. I don't watch these things. I don't find them particularly entertaining. But I think I'm hoping my prediction is that as the world gets more and more difficult, and that's coming, by the way, anyone who's watching this, if you're sleeping at night, you should stop. You should begin to panic, because it's about to get very hard for the average person. As the world gets more and more difficult, people are going to shy away from the insanity of entertainment and perm a distraction and start looking for answers and solutions. And that's...  It's gonna allow people who provide value and value-based content to become larger than ever before. When you can't pay the rent, you wanna know how to pay the rent. You don't have time to watch stupid streamer garbage. So I'd like to think that's the case, but yeah, it's a really nice guy. But that demographic is lost, bro. The young people are lost. I'm scared for the future of the world. I know a lot. I'm starting to be a grandpa, because the grandpa's always said this. Think about it. Even like 30, 40 years ago, the old people are like, you young people. I'm starting to sound like that now myself. Like, you young people, you're all weird. But they are. It's like, I don't know what's gonna happen. I want to know all she does, right? For me, you've come online. The top G lifestyle seems like the guy that can do all the baguette lifestyle, the private jets, the girls, etc. on the fat house, all of it, right? And whereas we're seeing streamers making a shitload of money nowadays, where they can do the private jet lifestyle, have a call collection, nice crib, go to go.  along with it, but at the same time, they're not intellectually there, as you just said. Yep. So do you think the barrier to being the top G or the guy that people want to be is closing? I think that money is an amplifier. I've said this a lot of times, but I have to say it over and over again because I want people to understand. A lot of people think money will fix their problems and all it will do is exasperate them. Yeah. If you're a coward, you will be a bigger coward if you're rich. You'll be more afraid of robbery. You'll be more afraid of people finding out where you live. If you're an idiot, you'll be a bigger idiot if you're rich. You're going to do more stupid things than you would have done if you were poor. If you're a G, you'll be a bigger G of your rich. So a lot of people don't understand that money doesn't change you. Money accelerates and exasperates and amplifies who you truly are. The problem with a lot of these other streamers, as you just described, is they got rich young and they weren't shit. And now they're rich.  Idiots. They were idiots, another rich idiot. But here's what I'm saying to it because let's just say the younger audience to that, want to be rich one day. Now, if you were my age, you could look at entertaining and be like, okay, I'm gonna open up this business, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do this, crypto to the, eventually I'm gonna be in that position, whereas you can have the younger generation look up streamers, I wanna sit on my computer all day, I make money like that. And some of them do, I mean, it's no hardship to it. There is no hardship. First thing I'll say about streamers is, and this is my sneaking suspicion, none of them make the money they pretend they make. You know what's kinda weird since I became, I'll tell everyone at home how rich I am. I don't, I know this is supposed to be taboo, I don't give a shit. I pay myself a million dollars a week because it's a nice round number. I could pay myself a whole bunch more. That's what I pay myself, and that's what I spend. And I spend it all every single month. I buy a new car three times a week. So you spend four million dollars a month? Correct. I buy a new car three times a week. I bought a new car yesterday. The new vantage came out.  Why don't you look at the figureator, take every bought, 316,000 euro about it. When does it come, don't know, will I drive it? Probably not. Just bought it. I even saw that vlog where you bought the M3, you just wanted to see what the hand is. I want to see what the steering was like. I've driven that car for one kilometer. And that's it. So I'm not driving it, but I don't want it. So that's how much I make. These streamers, when they get these $20 million contract or $30 million, they announce these big contracts. Well, that is done so that the platforms can try and attract more streamers. Of course. But truthfully, they say $30 million contract. That's probably across three years. And they have to fake 50% tax. And there's a performance bonus. They only get the $30 million to get XMAT views, which are never going to get blah, blah, blah. All in all, they don't make anywhere near the money people think they make. I mean, okay, I have a big ad. Everyone knows I'm things are having a big ad. My car was $5.4 million. Where's everyone else's? They don't got $50 million contract. Why is no one else got a big ad? Because lambo's don't matter anymore. No one cares about lambo's. Wait, we're going past it. Oh, lambo's a boring. It's $5 million.  years ago you had a Lambo, you were the man. Now, bro, my kid brought a Lambo. So, bro, I buy Lambo's on bulk. Give me four, give me three, give me all the colors. Lambo's nothing. So, where's everyone else's spaghetti? Well, they can't afford one. And it's only five million dollars. And I say only, and I'm not trying to be arrogant, but it's only five M like it's a month's wages for me. If these people are making fifty, four E30 million, like they say they are, we're all there nice cars. None of them are making the money. They say they are. First, that's all a lie. And that's just to convince kids to give up their future to just try and become famous streamers. And then we go down the path I just described before when you try and become a famous streamer. And you're an idiot, you haven't had a difficult life, and you have no wisdom. Nothing to teach. Can't give value. And up in a clown, doing dumb shit, online, trying to be an idiot, which just further pollutes society as a whole. So, it's a trap. Yep. That's the first thing. The second thing is the only good thing about having money is that it amplifies your attributes, as I said before, which means if you make money the hard way, all of the attributes you learn along the way.  the way can be amplified by the money. If you learn how to make money in a difficult way and you gain stress tolerance and you learn how to manage people and you learn how to do meetings, you learn how to speak well, you learn how to be charming, you learn how to be funny. These are all skill sets. They're skill sets. And then you get the money and these skill sets are amplified and now your life is great. If you make money any other way, let's say you make money the easy way, let's say you win the lottery or you catch a crypto pump or you get a streaming contract for setting yourself on fire. Bro, these kids are putting forks in plug sockets. Yeah, that's the same. Bro, if you get money for that, there's no point having the money. Because another thing about money that most people understand is a lot of people think, oh, you get money, you get girls, you get respect, you get clout, no, you don't. No, you don't. No, if you act like that. No, if you're an idiot, if you get money, you're just going to be a robbery target for the women you date, for the government and for the criminals. Congratulations. And if you're not, if you're not street smart, you're not going to see any of it coming. You're not going to see any of it coming.  in and you're going to get wrecked. So you don't want to make money the easy way anyway. Another thing is funny, this was last night. You know what? I'm worth, I say I'm a billionaire and people think I'm lying about that, but I'm not lying. And I want people to understand at home that I have an online educational platform called The Real World where we teach people how to make money online. 18 modern wealth creation methods is $49 a month. It turns over, let's say, $13 million a month. At $14 million a month, that's seven times multiplier, which is pretty standardized for a tech company. I have a billion dollar company, which I own 100% mine. I own it. So I'm a billionaire and I'll sit in a home with my brother last night, spoke with Mr. Garry and we were playing Uno. A little boot game. Uno, bro. Yep. Okay. And it's serious, street rules bro. We don't take Uno lightly. So we're playing Uno. And Tristan said, when we were broke, we sat in Luton playing Uno. And now we're billionaires. We sit here playing Uno. Well, there's nothing different. Nothing changes. Nothing changes. Because the best thing about life is going to be spending time with the people you care about and your brother. Okay.  I have better security. Cool now I'm smoking a cigar. Yes, my house is nicer. But the fundamentals of my life are basically the same. If I have any spare time at all, I'll sit with my brother and we'll do something accident. And a lot of people, especially these people who are getting rich, because they're not quality people and they don't have quality relationships, they don't have brotherhood. They don't have a network of people they can rely on. They don't have a woman who truly loves them. And they're gonna try and buy it and they're gonna find out that can't be done. The best thing about my life, the reason I am so rich is not because I have money. It's because I have friends who I could give all my money to and my girl and say, I'll be seeing you in 10 years, it's sickle. And that's money, that's wealth, that's rich. Most people can't do that. These fucking nerds make a bunch of money. They can't trust anyone around them. They can't trust their chick. They can't trust their friends. They can't trust anything. Then what do you have? It's only money. I think money is probably the third or fourth most important thing in the world. It is important, but above that is health and love. And your network.  can people you care about. There's certainly things above money. And if you have all of those and then you get money, you can amplify it. But I think a lot of people don't understand that money is an amplifier. I said this often to people who ask me questions, I've had little nerds come up to me. Go on and get rich as I bro, you need stopping a geek. Because if you get rich, you're going to be a fucking mega geek. You're a doork. Fix it. Fix it. I hope you don't get rich before you fix your problem, sir, because you're going to be in a lot of trouble. Because if you get rich, just stay in your dogbomb. You're a fucking gobble. You don't want that. You need to go and fix everything about yourself and then maybe God will reward you. Maybe you're not rich because you're a little nerd and he's tired of it. I'm tired of it. I've made you for five seconds. I don't want to talk to you anymore. So you need to understand these things and build a base of life and understand what's important and then you get money and allows you to amplify all of it. Here's what I'm going to ask you to take you. Did you say that a real world is one of black, you know, the main income streams for yourself?  No, so I wouldn't say it's the main income stream. What I will say, first I'll say why it exists. I'm gonna go from spiritual again. Claude, we love it. Why not? I've sat in jail trying to analyze which power structures want me in jail. I've sat there and said, okay, why did they want me in jail? Well, the military industrial complex wants me in jail because I tell kids not to join the army, not to go die in a foreign war for no reason because every reason they tell you to go to war is a lie. So the army wants me in jail. And then I sat there and thought, okay, well, the feminist in the matriarchy want me in jail because I'm inspiring Masculinee, which is resistance to their power. And where there's a power struggle, there's conflict and they want me in jail because I tell men that they're allowed to have standards. Yep, you're allowed to be a man. Yeah, I'm seen as a misogynist because I effectively say as a man, you're allowed to have a standard. You're allowed to say to a woman, no, you're not supposed to speak to me that way. I'm a full grown adult and I want to be respected in my household. That makes me a bad person. So that's why the matriarchy wants me in jail. And then I said,  and say, what other powerful structures want me and Jail? Well, maybe the educational platforms want me and Jail. Maybe the education system wants me and Jail, because that's the biggest scam of them all. The biggest scam of them all is the modern education system. And I can prove to you it's a scam. And they know it's a scam, because that's the operating side of a vacuum. If it wasn't a scam, they would allow people to take out a loan and decide what they spend on. Do you want to start business? Do you want to buy crypto? Do you want to buy a house? Do you want to buy a car? Do you want to get a degree? Yep. No. You can only get a degree with the loan, because if they give you any choice, no one will pick a degree. Because they know it's useless. Because it's out of date information that takes too long to teach and you get massively in debt. Think how fast the world moves. Think of things that are relevant now that weren't relevant three weeks ago. And you're learning things in a degree that were from 20 years ago and it takes you four years to learn. That's going to be completely irrelevant by that point. Pro Christmas feels like a lifetime ago. It's been a month. And you're going to sit and go to school for four years and learn things that from 1996. I think that that piece of paper is worth anything. Yes, no. The whole thing's a scam and they know it's a scam.  So I sit there and go, well, why would the educational systems want me and jail? Yeah, I say it's a scam. But also maybe it's because I own university.com, www.university.com, and I have an online educational platform, which is a larger school on the planet, and we're teaching financial literacy, and it costs $49 a month, less than a NANDO's, and we'll teach kids how to make money online, and they won't go to the school anymore. So my okay, so the educational system wants me and jail, the matriarch who wants me and jail, the military industrial complex wants me and jail. Can't wait to go to court. I'm sure it's going to be a fair trial. Can't wait. Here's what I was going to do, though, yeah. I'll be rotate. I can't even post this podcast on TikTok, because my last TikTok can't go banned. It wasn't even clips of you. It was me and the guest speaking about you, and TikTok was like, no, harmful content, take it down. I'll be released, you're just saying you're a nice guy. Yep. So I can't even post this on TikTok, and I know one of the reasons for your meteorite rise was to do the fact that TikTok was getting flirty to take on that literally top G.  everywhere. But now that's not the case. So how do you actually keep people coming back to the real world, which was once obviously a high school university, right? How do you get people coming back and you know, making sure they know that we are still here? Yeah, so TikTok have gone, I'm well, so it's metta, so if Instagram, everywhere, right? And you're right, they don't like people saying anything nice about me, they don't like my voice, they don't like a still picture of me. Nothing. It's crazy. Yeah. All I do is I make it obvious to people that the platform exists and to further go down the rabbit hole of why that platform does exist is not for me to make money. I can resign now. I can retire now for the rest of my life. If I want to do live semi-sensibly, if I stopped buying three cars a week, I could probably still do that for a good 10 years, but you know, I can calm down and live a very nice life. The reason I have the real world, the same reason I have the war room, because when I talk about all the problems I talk about,  the astute members of the populace will say and say to me, okay, then what's the solution? Andrew, you're right. You're right, the legal systems of joke, they're out to keep us all enslaved. We're not allowed to have an opinion as a man. We live in a matriarchy. My job hates me, what's the answer? And I'm kind of, I'm a little bit disappointed in myself that I've only come up with two answers so far, but the only answers that I've ever worked for me. And perhaps there's another answer that's better than the ones I have, but the only answers I can come up with, in fact, three answers I apologize, is one God, you need God, that's the most important thing. The second is you need money, and the third is that you need brotherhood. And I believe if you have those three things, you become much harder to be damaged by the system. When I go to jail, I can call my brother and make sure that my women and my children are taken care of. I can have someone to look after them. I have a bunch of money so they can be taken care of. I can get the best lawyers. I have influence so when they lie about me on the beach.  I can tweet and call them a liar and get more views than the BBC does. Yeah, literally. More views than the BBC. And rotate this is, I can just say lie, fake news, boom, done. So I can fight against them. Well, how do I fight against them? I fight against them with my influence, which is based on my brotherhood and the people I work with inside the war room and the money I have and God. So when I created the real world, the primary objective is for people to learn how to make money online so they can escape the matrix. Because if you have a job, you're going to be controlled. If you have a job, you can't have an opinion anymore. You can't talk. You can't save certain things online. You'll lose your job. You can't not get the vaccine. You'll lose your job. You can't not wear a mask. You'll lose your job. You have to obey. You have to comply or you can't pay the mortgage. If you make money for yourself online, you're now harder to control. So when they come along with their infantile ideas and try and force you to perpetuate and purport them, you can sit and say, no, I'm making my own money. You're a liar. So that's the reason I made the real world. And that's the reason I made it so cheap. 49 dollars a month so people can join and learn how to make money on...  And the reason there's the war room is because of brotherhood because I believe that if you analyze any period of human history Including Genghis Khan as we just discussed. It's always been about brothers What was Genghis Khan? It was a bunch of his boys bunch of your boys get on a horse Just conquered. Yeah, bro. We still do it. Yeah, you and your boys you all get together Girls that is the same. Yeah, I will get some a horse. Let's ride that way. What's over there done out? Who cares? We'll find out we'll take it. Yeah So brotherhood has always been what conquest is about and it's also always been a small band of brothers to resist evil Let's say when Genghis Khan got to Vienna I'm not gonna discuss who's the good guy and who's the bad guy It's just the natural law of the universe that conflict appears But the people who are defending Vienna were what brothers brotherhood get your sword who are they? Let's go So if you're in a war and I believe we are and I think anyone who's looking at life as anything other than war Can't be competitive and is destined to be decimated  If you understand you're in a war, then you need brotherhood and you need money. What does Ukraine keep asking for? Money. You need money to fight and you need men you can count on, which is why I have the real world that teaches people how to make money online and the war rooms you can join a fraternity. You have the men. That's right, because I believe if you start to make a bunch of money and you get a bunch of men you can rely on, you then become much harder to enslave. That's the reason those two things exist at cobertake.com and that's the reason I tell people to join them. And it's not because I'm philanthropic. I want to make it clear, I know the world thinks I'm the nicest man ever. But they don't think that, I'm supposed to say it. But it's not because I'm philanthropic. I'm not going to sit here and say I'm trying to help you guys at home. No, if you're a broke loser, you can stay a broke loser. That's completely fine by me. My car's need washing. You can wash him. Don't care. But I don't care. I don't care. But if I'm going to try and crack the matrix, I can't do it by myself. So I want all of the people who agree with what I say and think like I think. Crack the matrix together. Yeah, to be rich.  you have a thousand fans, you want poor fans or rich fans, I want rich fans. Yeah, of course. Andrew, you have a thousand fans, you want them to all know each other and be part of a brotherhood and be part of a fraternity or do you want to be independent and isolated? No, you should know each other. That's all it is. I'm helping my, I'm raising an army. I'm gay just come on, get on the horse guys, get on the horse, we're going to fight. And you can join and I'll make your life better by extension. That's one of the greatest things about my brand. I think it's probably one of the reasons I have no problem with the fact they're going to throw me in jail, et cetera, because I know I'm living for a purpose. I know that just like you said earlier on in this podcast, if you're an androtate fan, your life improves. And that's a good feeling. If you're a fan of a normal streamer, your life doesn't improve. If you're a fan of Logan Paul or KSI or these idiots, well then what do you get? You get sugary drinks and W.F. Great. You don't get anything. I know that if you're a fan of me, your life genuinely improves. And in the car mix circle of the universe, all of that positive energy will end up back with me. There's no way you can take thousands.  perhaps millions of people and make them feel more dedicated, more motivated, more happy, more positive, more inspirational. You can do all of those things and not benefit it from it in some way. What do they put me in jail or not? There's good vibes in the universe. I'll pick them up. It's fine. And I'll walk out, tell the BBC, hello, speak to Lucy, they'll be probably. So I am very proud of myself because I know I'm doing the right thing, and that's the reason I refuse to shut up because if I was only entertaining people, I could shut up. Okay, there's no point going to jail to make people laugh. No, but there is a point going to jail to make so new people's lives better. So just sorry, as a professional, to go back to why the real world exists and how I get people to go there, I don't try and sell it to anyone. That's actually a really good point. It's a good question you asked me. Because I'm just trying to see it. It's a good question because if I am a billionaire and I am obviously monumentally financially successful, and I've just explained to people at home why I want them to join because I want...  them to be rich. I have a vested interest in them being rich. Your University professor does not have a vested personal interest in you becoming rich. He doesn't care he's doing a job. I have a vested personal interest in trying to make my fans as rich as possible. Never else in your life is a billionaire going to care about making you money. Ever. Only now. It costs less than an ando's. It's $49 a month. If you still don't join, well then you're a dumbass. And I don't want you to join anyway. So I've mentioned it enough times I feel and I also feel like now I'm at a point where I'm above getting people to join. It exists and if you're not a loser you'll join because you want to save your life and if you don't want to save your life you want to stay slave you can go stay a slave. But I'm trying to come at an point where for example you were once the most Googled man on the whole of the earth. Right. And all these things, the TikTok clips, the podcast, everything Instagram accounts, Twitter, wherever you name it. They were all a big funneling system for that. And now where is the cases? These platforms.  of band-u, pop from Twitter, X, everyone, call it. It's like, how can you get back to being that most famous man, the most Google man on the earth? I don't know if I need to be anymore because unfortunately, the idiot who made that documentary was incorrect. I'm not chasing fame. I'm doing what I believe to be right. I'm going to speak to the people I want to speak to. I wanted to see you. That's why we're doing this podcast. I get ten podcasts for Crescer Day. I don't do them because I need to do them all. I want to do this one. So I'm doing it. It's fun. And the people who join the real world who want to be freed from the Matrix will join. If nobody joins, that's fine. I don't need the money. We have over 200,000 students anyway. I mean, I know what you're saying. I don't wake up. I think, how do I get views? I don't care anymore. I wake up. I do what I'm supposed to do. I train hard. I see my children. I work. I make a bunch of money. If I have a platform to speak on, I'm going to tell the truth. If I tweet something, it's going to be the truth. And God will do the rest. And it is what it is. And they're only reason.  things exist are to help the people at home be valuable fans of mine. And I think that's a that's an important point in terms of fans. I want to have that I want to have valuable fans. I don't if I'm gonna raise an army I want men who could fight. They don't broke his I don't want yeah if you're gonna raise an army you want me at wait. Do you want a bunch of men who can't fight? No you want men who can fight. So if you're gonna join my army you need to be able to train work hard and be able to fight. I don't want to go to war with a bunch of a bunch of idiots. So if you're sitting at home and you're and you're working in McDonald's and you can't escape the rat race you're not much good to me. So then why are you watching my stuff? Why would you sit here and watch me speak for hours? And then do you fuck all that? And then no go and join the school and get rich. You must be out your mind. But there are people who do this and there are some people who you just can't help. There are there's a huge percentage of the populace which they're beyond saving because of the worst thing you can possibly be which is a quitter. Being a quitter is the worst thing you can possibly be.  God himself can't make a quitter important. Because the only reason the place you're trying to get to has values because it was difficult to reach. If everybody could reach it, there'd be no value. Value is linked to scarcity. The whole point goal is valuables because there's no everywhere, but as everywhere, it wouldn't have any value. The reason the place you're trying to reach is valuables because people can't get there. So if you're the kind of person who quits, you're never gonna get there. Quitters are the worst. You could give a quitter a map, a treasure map, and a hot air balloon. Say, it's gonna take you right to the treasure. It's gonna be a seven-day journey. Here's the sandwich. And halfway through the black arms cold. Yeah, you just said that all seven days now. Yeah, they'll quit. Quitters will never make it. And there's a huge sub-sector of the populace who is basically simply quitters. I've never in my life seen anyone who's determined to get something, not get it. I've never seen somebody who is determined in their heart to get something, not get it. The universe and God is so giving and providing. People think it's,  I disagree. I've never seen someone wake up and say, not, this is all I care about, this is all I want. Not get it. Everyone who thought that way in fighting was a world champion. Everyone who thought that way about money was rich. I've never seen anyone fail. Bro, I've seen people with no credit score and no job determined to get an R8 managed to get one on finance somehow. I've seen it. If it's all you want, you're gonna get it. You're gonna find a way to get it. You're gonna find a way. People go, oh, I want this. If you want it, you'd have it. I spoke to a man who had done a podcast recently, and he was saying, if someone had gone to your children's head and said to you, the only way I'm gonna move this gun is by you making a million dollars, you are gonna make a million. 100%. You're gonna be motivated for the first time in your life. People often say, if you try your best, it's okay to fail. But what they don't understand, the true secret to the universe is that if you try your best, you never fail. That's what people don't understand. And most people aren't trying. They aren't trying. They don't know what trying is. In fact, that's probably...  One of the things I hear the most, I used to hear the most because I don't talk to people anymore because they all annoy me. I was all I'm trying. No, you're not. You don't know what trying is. No, you are not trying. I know you're not trying. I know because as we sat here, before we went to speak, you weren't on your phone working. You weren't trying. You were standing around talking shit to some idiot. You're not trying. People are genuinely not out here giving their absolute best because if you were, you'd have everything you've ever desired. You'd have anything you've ever wanted and asked for. Instead, what people do is they cope and convince themselves they're trying. Oh, I tried, but I need to work life balance and it's hard and I was trying all garbage, all coat. And like I said earlier, life is war. If you're a man and you don't view the world as war, I can't imagine how you view the world. My entire world view is war. I was actually having this conversation the other day about why I avoid extreme sports. I was with some girl and she's like, would you ever turn back to have a plane with me? I'm like, pitch, no. Why do you?  because my life is extreme. But my life is hard. If your life is extreme and you're already at war, the last thing you want to do is jump out of a plate. You want it safety, calm, already left alone. You went skiing, you lost something. I wasn't on a snowmobile. No, okay. Which is, I would consider that that extreme. But she was talking about what I ever jump out of a plane. I said, no, absolutely not because my life is war. She said, what do you mean? I said, well, you're a hawk. Every man wanted you. I got you. I won. That was a war. My Ferrari, everyone wanted it. I bought it. I won. That was war. Along with all the residential properties I own, along with the commercial properties, along with all the domains I own, along with fighting the matrix and the legal system, that's all war. When you see something beautiful, it is war. When you see a big tree, people go, wow, big beautiful tree. And they don't realize that that was a war amongst saplings. As you said, a lot of times. 30 little trees. Top D-Tree. And you just try to destroy all the trees around him. So you could go bigger and never think of anything else. It's war. Life has always been war. So why would I want to go start jumping out of planes? No, I want security.  and a big gate and safety. I said to her, she goes, oh, but what do you mean your life's extreme? When we leave this establishment, we are going to walk to my car. There are two professional armed guards with me, and I am still with my head on a swivel. You're just gonna walk to the car, because you're a chick. Do-do-do-do-do. I think leaving the establishment and going to the car is a battle I must win. Because I have to get out, I have to look, I have to make sure I'm not gonna get killed, I have to get in the car. There's so much going on. You want to jump out the plane because you don't understand that. You think nothing's going on. For me, my whole life, it's all problems. It's stress. Leave me alone. I'm not jumping out of any planes. I'm not climbing any rocks. I'm not swimming with sharks. That's all for people who don't have enough stress in their life. If you wake up and decide you want to swim with sharks, you are lacking stress, which means you are not trying very hard, because if you were trying your absolute best, and you were important, and the matrix wanted you in jail, and your enemies wanted you dead. The last thing you would want to...  to do is go swimming with fucking sharks. You must be out your mind. It's insane. It's crazy. I wanna come back to your point where you mentioned, yeah. You said you only go on podcasts that you like. So you're hearing now and I appreciate your time. But sometimes it doesn't make me chuckle though. I see you go on podcasts where I think to myself, why Andrew, why? That was a full-on matrix attack. Why are you going on, maybe Paysmore can do an extent, but that Lucy from BBC, why don't you do that? I'm thinking, why I take, why? Well, yeah, the MSM now have to pay me $50,000 and a sandwich. And bring it, yeah, it's okay. So they have to give them to me. If it's a female report, it should just bring me a sandwich. And I haven't had any mainstream media news article since, I did peers actually, to be honest. And the reason I did peers, I wanted to educate him on Palestine. He needed to be told the truth. And that's another thing I was told not to do that. From very important people, Andrew, don't say that. What, you know, not in your team, not in my team, just from around. Okay, don't say that, don't poke that question, don't say that. I have to, I have to. I had to.  But um, and it's interesting what I will say on the back of it as well even though I looked at it and I was like okay Cool, and you may not have the the top echelon education like Muhammad the job would have but the way he stuck it on P. Is moving for that. Yeah, I know I know what right and wrong is yeah, I know what murder is Mm-hmm. I know what genocide is and you're right. I don't I don't need the ins and outs to point out the genocide the insanity of it all and I don't interact with the MSM as much as I did but conflict also creates interest. I don't think the MSM or my haters understand that I wouldn't be anywhere near the echelon I am if it wasn't for the hate. Mm-hmm. There's no light without dark if everyone loves and rotate all the time Then it'll be boring 95% of people love and rotate 5% of people can't stand And they are such an important part of the fuel rocket fuel I have no idea this is true or not, but I'm gonna say it because I'll make it up rocket fuel can have two primary  components, right? You can have liquid oxygen, liquid nitrogen. You have the different boosters on the rocket and you see that one booster ejects and another booster fires, which means the fuels must be different. They can't be the same fuel, they're probably in the same tank. Meaning I was right all along. There you go. Proved. So you need the different things together to get to space. So if the MSM come along and I know it's a matrix attack, but I know I'm going to destroy them. But I'll do it. The thing is with these people, I'm not afraid of these people. Imagine being Lucy from the BBC. The story of Lucy is this follows when I first went to jail. She on my jail phone. I end up speaking to a PR, my PR team and they said, this girl Lucy wants to come give you an interview and she wants to tell the truth about your case. She doesn't want a matrix attack you. I said, that's a lie. Yes, she does. She goes, no, she wants to ask about wire and jail without charge. I would mention go to jail without trial. How this is a violation of your human rights. She wants to make ask about what life so I can jail. She wants to make it very interesting. I said, who did she work for? And they said to BBC and I said, the BBC didn't want to do anything but matrix attack me. So anyway, they convinced my PR team that this was not a matrix attack.  and they came in friendly and they sat down convinced it was not made to attack and we had cameras running the background Which they didn't know and then they instantly made to attack me and try to make a fool of me Yep, Lucy even admitted on BBC Radio 4 at late or date that she had been rehearsing for two months to that interview Really? Yeah, bloody hell Imagine rehearsing for two months, setting a man up, lying, pretending it's gonna be a softball interview or an interesting interview So I have a softball it'd be interesting to ask actually pertinent questions and instead matrix attacking him and off the top of his head When he just came out of a jail cell for 93 days of solitary confinement getting destroyed These people must hate me of course they His innocent they make a fool of that they even took down the interview after a second You release your one because they released like a 15 minute version of it and obviously your one was like hour and a half Or whatever it was it's like it. It's like us. It's like seal team six breaking into a man's house And then we'll get beat up with a spoon. Yeah, like there's no way that I should have won that fight There's no way I should have won to the BBC they prepared they'd set it up she had rehearsed they lied saying it was gonna be  eat different questions. I just got a jail. I had mental health problems. I couldn't sleep. I had bad nightmares. I've been a solitary confinement. All this and I come out. I win. Of course they hate me. I hate me. Of course, all they do is print garbage about me forever. So why did I even do it? I guess the reason I did it is because I always have a parachute. I always have a bungee cord of brutal competence and that competence has come from conflict and I'm very well versed. I can argue any point. I can argue when I know I'm wrong. I can argue the sky is green. I can argue anything. There's no point. I can't argue and I have that back up and I guess I said this before. I think it's probably the least discussed superpower on earth is being able to speak well. Nobody talks about it. People talk about being strong. Great. People talk about being rich. Okay, fantastic. But being able to speak correctly and properly and very well is a completely under-discoce superpower. It's the reason I refuse to learn another language.  I've lived in Romania for seven years, I know three words. People say, why don't you learn Romanian? Because I don't know English yet. When I know every single word in English, I'll learn Romanian. Because English makes me money. Why don't you learn Romanian? It doesn't make me any money. Tell me in question, have you ever been a media stranger? Never. Never. So the way you speak, the way you articulate yourself is just literally practice. But in fact, correction, it's not practice, it's feedback. A lot of people practice things all the time and stay terrible. I had a guy say to me, in the war room we actually do this training. I train the guys in the war room how to speak better. And that's one of the best things you can learn in life. And that's one of the reasons the war room's so valuable. Because at the war room events, we do specific training for this particular task. And the guy was saying about how his business has improved, how much more money he makes, and how much better he is with girls, and et cetera, et cetera. And I was saying, yeah, okay, fine. But the reason I speak so well is not because I'm practiced. Because this man was older than me. It's like, you've been speaking longer than I had. It's not practice, it's feedback. If you don't...  analyze what you've done, then you're not going to identify your mistakes and where you can improve. I will watch this podcast back 10 times and I will realize all the times I stuttered or all the times I had to repeat myself or all the times I didn't use a word I was supposed to use and that's why next time I do a podcast, it'll be better than even before and that's also a lesson you can take and apply towards life. You can apply the feedback aspect towards life. Practice alone will not improve you. Practice is going to build habits. In fact, from fighting, I know this very well, if you allow a student to come and learn bad habits at the beginning, it's very hard to get out of them. This is why most people when they talk on podcasts are saying, I can't listen to that shit. I'm like, you don't even speak English. Why are you sitting there? You don't speak English? Why is so hard to get your point across? Well, if you can't get your point across compendiously and you can't articulate yourself in a concise manner, how do you expect other people to affiliate with your worldview? Or one of the superpowers of life is thinking something and making somebody else think the same.  make someone else believe you. Oh, sorry, sorry, police, lover boy. But no, but sitting there and making somebody agree with you or at least making them understand why you think, how you think is a superpower surely. And it's massively misunderstood and underrepresented and not used in, it's not practice and it's not versed. And I think also, I'm actually kind of curious, I've thought about this myself, how useful it will be into the future when the AI comes along and controls us all. You know what my biggest fear of the machine minds are? Good. My biggest fear is that people will be as smart as me. Now piss me off. I like being smart and everyone. I don't want a bunch of people to have Google brains that are smarter than mine. I'm supposed to be the smartest guy in the room. That's gonna annoy me. I don't feel that'll be the case. I'll tell you why, because the way I see it is going down the conspiracy hole, yeah. It's like everyone will be trapped and they'll be fed the information that the matrix want them to be, have. I know, but what if they like can get words from the dictionary as quick as I can? Like I had to work hard for that. Now that it's gonna get a microchip. That's a cheat.  I don't want that to happen. Hopefully it happens when I'm already gone. But yeah, being able to speak is a massively misunderstood superpower that a lot of people need to understand that can drastically change their life, but you're only gonna be able to do it if you apply feedback to it. And the same is with absolutely everything in your life. Not enough people look back on what they did and identify where they made a mistake. And some people will do it when they lose, but the true professionals do it when they win. When my dad was playing a chess game, if he won the game, he would still analyze the game and see if he could have lost, where it could have gone wrong, how he could have won faster, what mistakes he did make, what he did well, what he did wrong, win or lose. So many people will sit in a scenario where everything went wrong and go, in fact, correction, not so many people. I would say 75% of people will not ever self-analyze the situation or in the blame everyone else. If they went to jail, like I did, they'd say, they put me in jail because they're liars and the matrix did it, did it, fuck.  True. But when I was in jail, I was like, how did I get here? What did I do? What did I say? Who did I piss off? What institutions want me in jail? What did I do that angered them? Me, me, me, I'm taking absolute self accountability for everything. I'm not blaming any one thing else because if I blame everything else, I have no control. If I blame myself that I can influence that I have control over it. So 75% of people blame other people or they blame other things. I lost my business because of COVID. No, you lost your business because of you. I lost my girl because her friends were hosed. No, you lost your girl because of you and you lost your car because of you. And it's all your fault because that's the only thing that gives you control and power. The other 10%, we said 75, that's 85. It has to be much higher. Let's say the other 20%, which brings up to 95% of the total of the populace. We'll look at a situation in which they lose and they might self analyze and they might try and learn from the loss and they'll try and find the feedback involved in the loss to make sure they don't lose again, which is obviously better than not analyze.  at all. I told you. And the top 5% the absolute highest echelon are people who are going to analyze every decision they've ever made win or lose. I analyze my wins as well. See where you went right. See where I went right. See where I went wrong. See where it worked. You need to analyze your whole life. Your life needs to be feedback. You need to sit and it's it's it's over 10% into the year now. I wonder if anyone who made a New Year's resolution sits and says, it's over 10% into the year. Am I at 10% of my goal? Because your stupid ass said you were going to be a millionaire when you were drunk on New Year's Eve. Well, you need to have 100 grandsafe. Do you have 100,000? Have you even done the feedback on your own goal? You made 30 short days ago to realize that you're nowhere near it and you're not going to make it and you're a loser. No, I got the rest of the year. And then wonder what they failed. You should have a daily target. And then it's just a full on cycle for them. Yehli. Of course, going to be a million next year. And then they just lie. So you need to constantly feedback and analyze your life and take time out of scenarios. I do this.  all the time. There's been times I've got up at a bed and I've got ready and I've got my keys and I've got my phone and I've stroked my dog and I've had my coffee, I downed it quickly and it was just the right temperature so it wasn't too hot and it wasn't too cold and I got in my car which had already been started my for my security team and it was already warm and I got in and I was out the door and I was like I got out the door in six minutes. That's like two minutes faster than normal. Yeah that was good. What did I do good? Well the coffee, the coffee wasn't too hot, it wasn't too cold. Usually it's too hot and I have to wait or it's too cold and I want another one. The coffee was just the right temperature. When was it made? And I'll check the message where I sent them to me a coffee and it sounds crazy but I'll analyze how I left the fucking house while I'm driving. I'll be like that was fast. That was good. How can we do that again? I want to do that next time. People don't feedback ever and they don't analyze the way they speak. If you're the kind of person who can't speak properly, you're the kind of person who doesn't analyze their own behaviors in life. That's what I would say. If I see somebody who can't make me understand why they think what they think I'm going to sit and say okay well you're not the kind of person who analyzes their own life. Now do I trust?  you because let's say we start business together and all goes wrong or you're going to come to me and say I made a mistake I can do better this is the mistake I made or you're going to sit and say oh the environment was hard something did business environment wasn't in my control yeah some garbage and just coat you know who the worst to this I'm going to jail here we go go to jail women women take no self-acallibility for anything I'm a misogynist it's true no they don't take self-account me for anything and and they don't because they don't have to because they are blessed with beauty from God so they have a superpower which is their beauty and their beauty allows them to get away with being completely lacking self-accountability because as a man you have to be competitive and the only way you can truly be competitive in war which life is is to be self-accountable to blame yourself for everything because I put you in the highest possible mine state to compete against everyone else who wants the things you want for sure so you have to as a man self-analysed and be self-critical you're every move every move but as a woman you don't because you're a  So they're not good at it and I'm not installing them. They're just not used to it because they get to blame other people and blame everything else because Their beauty allows them to get away with it And that's the reason I said my girlfriend said whichever let me drive your cars. I was like never Never ever She goes why I am a good driver for a girl and I said yeah, my four-year-olds a good speaker for a four-year-old But I wouldn't put him in front of a stadium to talk so it doesn't matter how well you could drive for a girl You're a girl, but that's not even the reason The reason I wouldn't let you drive my cars It's not because I think you're gonna crash I do but that's not even what it's about if I let my boy A car if I let a man a car and he crashed it he would take a car ability for it He would come to me and say there was a crash This happened I'll fix it. I'm sorry even if he believes it wasn't his fault He would still if he's the kind of guy I know have enough stealth accountability to go this idiot pulled out I know where but I was speeding  I was going fast. It's a fast car. I'm gonna fix the car. I'm gonna get it so it I'm gonna pay for it If a woman crashes the car That's not what you're gonna hear it wasn't my fault you don't understand it was And I can do anything wrong and he pulled out and I'm like well how you gonna fix it? I'm not gonna fix it because he pulled out. I didn't know why are you yelling at me? This isn't my fault Ah, and I'm left with the mess So why am I letting her go in the first place? I'm left with the message. You're gonna say it's not her fault She'll crash into a tree by herself and it wasn't her fault the tree the tree did something Well, it's it's called you so anyone who's not self-accountable. I don't trust so back to let's avoid the the women's subjects always gets me in trouble back to men If you're a man who's not self-accountable, I don't trust you So if you're a man who's making a mistake as permanent as not being able to speak and convey your ideas correctly Well, then I don't trust you as a person and that's probably the best thing about money people often ask me what the best thing about being rich is And there's not much that's good private jets are good because this can  It's like getting an Uber. There's no airport garbage. Super cars are fun. I love super cars. But most other rich stuff is garbage. Like caviar's crap, champagne's crap. What do rich people do? I'm trying to caviar all the time. True case, it's all shit. Yeah. I don't like, one of the best things about being rich is I don't have to talk to anyone, don't want to talk to. If someone comes to me and goes, Andrew, we can make a lot of money together. But I think they're a nerd. That's what I talk to. It's great. I don't want your money. I would rather not have money than sit and talk to a nerd. Your door. Oh, you're a vegan. Get fucked. Oh, but we'll make money. Don't care. I don't want the money. I am principled now, which goes back into my earlier point about why I want my fans to have money because if you have money, you're principled. If you're a brokeie, you'll sell your soul, which is why I don't want my fans to be broke. That's why I have the real world so they can join and make money because if you are broke, you will say I'm not a fan of Andrew if it benefits you financially, which means you're no good to me in a war because you're not your a traitor. I don't want that. So one of the best things about being rich is I get to be exceptionally principled and I get to also not talk to anyone I don't want to.  to all of the time, which I do truly enjoy. It's one of the best things about it. As we were just speaking about off camera in our little break, we were talking about assets being seized, right? So, Romania, hey, you had a load of cars. You had supercars, M5s, tuned cars, all that sort of stuff. And they took all of them, right? Correct me from wrong, but they've still got at them. They've still got them now, yeah, currently. And we're in court to try and see if the seizure is legal, because the law, as we discussed earlier, isn't subjective, of course, and it's not dependent on how famous you are. Of course, it's very fair. So, we're going to discuss that. And if I get them back, that would be nice. Anybody don't, it doesn't matter, because I have four or even more. And you're still buying cars, and once again, correct me wrong, but I heard you say that they're trying to seize the new assets that you've went. Like, for example, you put it up here in SF9E. Yeah, they are. It's very interesting. I do still find it strange that, as we speak, right now, there are people in a room somewhere.  trying to destroy my life. Think about that. I hope none of you were in that position. Yeah. Because you'll get famous and rich and often little calm. And I hope none of you were in this position. Yeah, maybe you are and you don't know. As we speak right now, there are people who are payday wage in a room somewhere on earth looking at me thinking, how do we wreck his life? How do we take his stuff and put him in jail? That's kind of a scary thought, no? Isn't that kind of crazy? If you knew there was 10 professionals in a room trying to destroy you. So I'm sure they're trying to take my car and my fancy watch, but they can't take my charisma or good looks. So it is what it is. But you have to find ways to protect yourself legally, which I've done my very best to do. But yeah, they tried to take my new cars I acquired after my prison sentence. And you know what? I'm not even emotional about it. Because I have two schools of thought when it comes to it.  things like this. Part one is I'm too principled a man to be involved in a matrix attack. So if I was a per if I was a prosecutor and they came to me and said put this man in jail, I'd sit and say, well, I don't want to because I know this is a matrix attack and I know he doesn't deserve it and they're only being attacked because of this massive fame and influence. I list the prosecute as possible in the matrix is exactly. I'm principled but most people aren't principled or even if they have any degree of principles because they need to pay the mortgage because they have to do as they're told for their job to pay their bills. Everything I discussed earlier. They're not free. So they have to. So part of me is, well, I'm too principled to ever do this to me but I kind of understand why they do it and then part of me is far more spiritual about it all and just kind of understands that since the dawn of human time, every king everywhere has been at war. If you have like if you have a kingdom, there are people who are  Even if you're not directly at war, there are people who are testing your borders. There are border bandits coming across the border and raiding the small villages along the fringes of your empire, stealing gold, trying to see how fast your army can react. You're constantly under attack. There's never been a king who got to draw his lines and just got left alone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Doesn't work that way. So if you want to be a king, you have to have war. So, may part me understands why they're doing it. I don't know, I just find it so strange. I still find it so strange. The interest in we'll sit there and go, isn't it weird? We're having a coffee and there's people trying to put us in jail. It's just weird. Literally, as we're doing this podcast right now, there's another room somewhere, every single room in Romania and another part of the world where they're just thinking, what are we doing? What's the next step? What's the next plan? And they're going to watch this podcast if they're professional. I mean, if they're any good at their jobs, I guess they're going to watch this. And I find that so interesting. It's like, hi guys. You think I'm a criminal? And I'm not seeing a court. It's really weird to me at the same time.  So wouldn't you say that some of these podcasts, even though you're depicting everything that they assume about, you wouldn't you say you also given them ammunition? Ammunition? Probably. Just like I said, when you get rich, you can give them ammunition by having a girlfriend or driving a car or talking. I could just appear and shut up, but isn't exactly what they want. That's why they're doing it, my friend. So am I giving them ammunition? Yes. But I'm also not doing as I'm told. The primary objective with all of this garbage, do you think they really cared about TikTok accounts? No, their goal was for me to go away. Make him go away. We've tried to ban him and it doesn't work, so make him go away. So I refuse to go away. Hence why they're still trying. So yeah, am I giving them ammunition? Probably, because I can say anything and they'll use it as ammunition against me. I just say words. I can say the sky is blue in this ammunition against me. That's the reason you don't talk to cops. But I believe that in the end, everything's gonna work out. I know who I am. I know what I've done. I know what I've not done. I know the idea these people have of me. I know.  the story they've painted in their minds and I know how false it is. It's kind of reassuring. It's somewhere to come to me and say, Andrew, you're under suspicion for having a long Johnson. I'd say shit. They know. I've got to hide the truth. But if they came to me and said, Andrew, you're under suspicion of human trafficking and manipulating, I'm like, okay, so you're trying to prove a fallacy. So you can spend all your time and yeah, you can find me be say something misogynistic online. You can find me have a fast car. You can find money. You can find pictures of me with girls on a boat and you can in your mind because you have this picture, think they're all related. But I know the truth is I just bought a fast car with my perfectly legal income and a bunch of girls came on my boat because I'm handsome. So I'm not really that concerned because they're trying to prove a fallacy. But it's still an interesting chess match, I guess. Would I be bored without it?  Is life cooler? Is life better that way? We talked about how I'm improving all these people's lives and emitting karmic orgones that I'm absorbing with my iKeto making me stronger than ever before because of all the lives I've improved. Perhaps it's not even just about improving lives. Perhaps it's just about the fact that there are people dedicating their existences, dedicating the calories they burn from the food they eat towards my name, whether they like me or dislike me. There are full grown adults who get up in the morning and bar toast so they can have enough energy to sit down and focus on and rotate. That's gotta be a benefit even if they're sitting in the room going we need to put him in jail, we need to put him in jail keep eating your toast, keep barring your toast because those calories you burn are mine. It is all mine I'm like shang song I've taken their souls I've absorbed it. Whether they like me or hate me I don't even care anymore. I've also decided I live in a mirror ball so my mirror ball which I've decided can absorb all the positive organs.  through it, which make me more powerful than ever before. But I've noticed that my biggest haters are so bitter. They hate their lives because when you hate somebody, you're the one who swallowed the poison. If they don't care whether you exist or not, they win. Right? Apathy is a superpower. My haters try and send negative energy my way. And it just bounces right back and ends up in their heart. Because they're like, he's a bad guy. And then everyone loves me and my life is fantastic. And they get mad about that fact. And they end up just hating their lives. It's funny because you know it's so funny because one of the guys, a guy I speak to here and there, not like a great friend or anything, but he doesn't, he's not a fan of you. People don't have to agree with everything I say. They don't have to like everything I say. They don't have to like everything about me. I think that's the true marker of a profession. Like I can sit with somebody and hate 95% about them, but the 5% I do like is valuable enough for me to sit with them. I can sit with people.  who I think are idiots and many, or I disagree with in many regards. However, they have that one attribute that makes them worth speaking to. To sit and say, Andritate, he's disgusting. He said, women can't park. So you don't want to listen to anything I say about motivation as a world champion athlete, or mindset as a billionaire, or business, or finance. You don't listen to any of that, because you're upset that I said women can't park. Well, then you're a dummy. Well, then you're a dummy, right? Because firstly, women can't park. And secondly, Well, you're too stuck on the hatred bit for you to learn, Niven. These are bitter, these are bitter hate-filled people. Hate, I know it's a bit of a cliche, but it's true. Hate never comes from above. It's, when I, if I've ever been unfortunate enough to see the face of one of my haters, I totally get it. I'm like, bro, I get it. I totally get it. I remind you of the guy picked on your whole life. I get it. I'm big and cool and strong as a mart in your dark. I totally understand. Anyone on Twitter or these ads on accounts who hate me, et cetera, I, bro, I get it. They are nobody's. Nobody's it. And they can't pay their bills and they're sad. And they, they're trying to attack me with it. But maybe I'm, what's the word I'm looking?  for. Is it petty? Is it immature? I'm not sure. But when I see these little nerds, I hate you so much. It just makes me happy. I don't know. I can't. I'm just like, I love it. I know. I know. I know you do. If you're not hated, if you don't have haters, what have you achieved? If there's no one on earth who doesn't do doesn't dislike you, then you don't, then you must not have an opinion. You must just be neutral like goo. You could be the best thing on earth. You can be T-bone steak. Somebody's going to not like T-bone steak. Most people do, but there's always to be someone who does. Maybe you can become some form of gloopy porridge in the middle that no one likes, no one hates your gloomy porridge. It's just there. But if you want to be T-bone, there's going to be some idiot who comes along and goes, oh, this is terrible. There's going to be some idiot. The world's limit is that's fine. But I'd be very concerned if I didn't have haters. And I'd be very  very worried if the MSM weren't trying to attack me. I kind of feel like that's the perfect proof that I'm on the right path. And I also find it quite flattering that these governments with all of their problems, of course they don't care about the people, but they'll divert genuine resource to trying to destroy my influence. I find that quite flattering. That means I must be effective. I must be doing a good job telling men to go to the gym and don't listen to the bullshit. So yeah, it's very interesting. What do you imagine the world to look like in five, 10 years time? As I mentioned earlier on, you got AI, you got App Provision Pro, and eventually they're gonna come out of sunglasses like the ones you're wearing now that have every little thing that you need to see in front of you. So what do you imagine the world to look like? Is it a scary place? Or is it a thing of where it's interesting? It's a good question. And on there, tell people how I came to my answer. I think the best way to predict a future is to study history. I believe in times of old. Let's go back to the last 3000 years.  If you were a king, your life was pretty good. Or it was as good as life could be. To be a king, you had power influence money. That's what you had. And you were a king, and you lived a good version of life. If you weren't a king, you were an average man, a common man. And I think the world is cyclical. When you were a common man 2,000 years ago, you were effectively a slave, and life was terrible. And then that was the same all the way up to perhaps. The 1930s, 1940s, being a common man was pretty terrible. And perhaps it was the war and the massive loss of life. Perhaps it was something else, I'm not sure. But I kind of feel like there was a golden period between the 50s to 60s to 70s to 80s, maybe even the 90s. We're being a normal, hardworking man, because life is cyclical, went from being a terrible existence to quite a good existence. In the 60s, you could be a normal man who worked in a factory.  an unskilled labor job, and with one wage, you could afford a house, you could afford a car, you could afford to raise a family, your children would not be taught garbage in school, your wife would respect you, you'd have a home cooked meal. Times are good. Times are good. All the things I said about playing Uno earlier in Hyper Bowl are true, what matters most? Your wife loves you, you're respected as the breadwinner, your kids respect you, they listen to you, your house is clean, your house is safe, your car works, your life is good. And I feel like, because it's cyclical, those good times are over, and we're going back to where it was before. The kings have always been fine, and we always will. But if you're the common man, I think that the good days are over. And I think it's going to get harder and harder. Inflation is going to absolutely decimate your spending power. Now, inflation doesn't damage me. Inflation doesn't damage me, because I own all the assets. Inflation just means houses get worth more money. Inflation just means Bitcoin and stock and land and houses.  All go up. Inflation means my car collection is no longer worth 110 million. It's now worth 300 million. Whatever. I don't want everything. Inflation is amazing for the rich man. 100%. I love it. But for the broke man, you're done. You're fit. You're done. You're finished. Because inflation is meaning your money is worth less. And it's going to take more of your money to buy a house. And your wage is not going to increase at the rate of inflation. It's becoming more and more impossible for you to own assets. For us asset owners, inflation is fantastic. So the common man is about to get wrecked. I think inflation is going to make it exceptionally difficult. I think AI is going to make most jobs worth less than they already currently are. If you're a newspaper writer or whatever, AI is taking that. AI is going to take that in the next 10 years. And you're going to, if you still have a job, it's going to be only managing the AI, which means you're going to be paid even less than you're currently paid. I think life is about to become exceptionally difficult for the people in the middle. I think the good times are old over. I think it's going to go back to the feudal system of kings and serfs and peasants.  And I think if you're a normal average person now, you should feel deep fear and panic, and understand that you have a certain amount of time to get into the higher bracket of the social class before these hard times come. And the most scary thing about these hard times is, I have no real evidence for this. It's just in my mind. I feel like the gap is gonna permanently close. And olden times, let me think about this thought, because in olden times, the chance of turning into anything more than a peasant when you were born a peasant was effectively zero, unless there was chaos, unless there was a war or some great catastrophe, which allowed social mobility for you to go to war, win, get a knighthood for bravery, get some land, and change your social mobility class, but there had to be war and chaos for you to escape, because without the chaos, it's kind of like a prison break, when all the rules are being adhered to, and the prison is,  operating as it should, you're stuck in your cell. But if there's a prison riot, you have a chance to escape, which means uncertainty and chaos are required for the difference in social mobility. And that's always been the case. But now I feel like with AI and certain other things, although there's going to be instability in the world, although they're going to continue to lie to us, I feel like the matrix is going to gain enough control to keep us all in our pods, or in our 15-minute cities, or our electric cars will be turned off, or we need to get our bug rations for the week. So that there can't ever be enough true chaos for you to escape. There won't be true social mobility. And I feel like there's going to be a close. The people who are rich now, their bloodlines will be rich for a very long time. And the people who are poor now, they don't get rich soon. In the next 10 years or so, they're never going to get rich. You're never going to get rich. The prices of houses are going to continue to go up. Prices of land is going to continue to go up. Inflation is going to continue to happen. Your wages will not catch up. It's going to get harder and harder for the average person to ever stand a chance to go into the assets. Yeah, it's almost now.  It's almost impossible right now. How does the average person on average wage buy a house in London right now? It's almost impossible already. I think in the next 10 years it's going to become truly impossible and they're going to use AI to keep the gap closed. And what's interesting about that is, well, I'm in the rich team, I guess. But what I find most interesting about that is the socio-ramifications of the fact that I think this is quite pertinent to most average people. I think most normal people understand if you were to ask them how is the economy, they'd say, well, it's impossible. I can't pay for my bills. I can't pay to eat. I can't afford a house. I can barely afford my mortgage. I'm never going to get rich this way. They understand all of this, but they're not panicking. Why are you not panicking? The Titanic just hit the iceberg. You may not be in the water yet, but it's certainty. There's nowhere else to go. It's going to sink. It's going to happen. Panic now. Don't panic at the end with everyone else. As they go into the icy depths. No, I would argue if I...  I was on the Titanic and it got struck by the iceberg. I could have got a lifeboat bow nice and early. Now I wouldn't have women and children first. I'm just using this as an analogy. An analogy. I know what you're going to do. I could have gone to the top deck when no one else was panicking and said, you know what, I want this, I want it on a lifeboat. No, I don't feel comfortable on a lifeboat. And the guard probably said to me, you don't need to go on a lifeboat, it's no big deal. I said, yeah, but please, just give me the lifeboat or here's some money or whatever. I want this one, give me this one. Everyone started panicking at the end and there was no lifeboats left. And people are sitting here now going, oh yeah, the economy's bad, but maybe if we vote for this person, who the fuck don't I swear? So, Ron, who are you going to vote for that's going to put money in your pocket? Actually, actually come along and say here's money. Nobody. Still got pay your council tax, still a brokey, nobody cares. No one you vote for is going to change it. It's going to get worse, it's going to continue. And you know the boat is going to sink and you're not panicking. That's...  That's why I kind of catch myself, and one of the things I try very hard not to do is become a leetist because when you've come from the absolute bottom to the absolute top and you've done it all off of your own back and hard work and dedication and never missing a day, the only shortcut to life is to never miss a day, one because of compounding interest and two because sometimes you get lucky and you'll never miss a lucky day if you try every day. If you don't try every day, you might miss your lucky day. And that's what people don't understand. If you never miss a day and you never don't try and you're always on time, was I late today? No, on time. And you try and improve every aspect of your life and you're a professional and you try and make sure that you analyze your decisions, you give yourself feedback, you don't make mistakes, you're not lazy. If you try and you make it to the top, you end up a leetist because you look at the people down below and you're like, well, why didn't you try? I did. Oh, I did too. No, you...  didn't. That's a lot. Now you're lying to me and that annoys me. And you catch yourself being very elitist. And this is what's scary about it because I'm from a Luton Counselor's State. And now I have all this money. But if I meet somebody who's truly broke, truly broke, I'm gonna talk about you not 500s of millions. But if I meet somebody who's broke, I think they're an idiot. And I catch myself going, is that bad? Am I elitist? Or do I sit down now and I just say, no, I started lower than you and beat you. How are you poor? You're lazy. Okay. Okay. Fair enough. I wasn't saying, why would you say if they're easier if you once in that position as well? No, I was. But I bought out. And I think one of the three, there's only three reasons you can't get rich in the world today, which is either you're stupid, you're lazy or you're arrogant. And I find the most common one is lazy and arrogant. It's not stupid. There is nobody at home who is too stupid to become rich. I'm sure anyone watching this podcast right now, if you were to sit down next to me and I would say do this, do this, do this.  do this, do this, you could do it. Of course you could. But you're too lazy to learn how to do it yourself. And you're too arrogant to listen. And you're too arrogant to listen. It's all about being stupid. You're lazy or arrogant. It's one of the two. Those are the two most common factors of people. So when I meet people who have truly failed and they pretend to me that they didn't want to fail, I know they're one of the three. And it's usually arrogant because when I sit and say to them, you could have gone out. They don't say you're right. I could have gone out. I didn't try. That shows humility. They don't do that. They say, no, no, no, because it's a excuse, excuse someone else's fault. The matrix is full. No self-countability. Oh, well, you don't know what you're talking about anyway. Errogance, arrogance, arrogance. That's not something that reminds it to me. Well, yeah, exactly. And then it's loose. So I catch myself being elitist and I try very hard not to be because I don't consider myself a rich man. I'm a poor man with lots of money. And what's scary about being elitist is if I'm from a lute and counselor state and I have a bunch of money now and I see the common man as a lazy idiot. Imagine how the elite sees us. And then you start to really go down the rabbit.  when you understand these people who've been in charge of a world for a very long time, who own the banks, who believe they're genetically superior to us because why not? The family's always on the bank. They can be a fat loser, but they just believe they're something because why not? They have a big boat. That's just what they're going to believe, isn't it? Imagine how they view the common man. You think they give a shit about you or your family or your income or your wages? You think they care about you? You think they're going to make life easier for the common man in the next 10 years as you've just asked, or are they going to continue to decimate your lifestyle for their own forever profit? There's no light without dark, which is a basic fundamental law of the universe which can't be broken. And especially as these large companies want forever profits, which they do, and they own everything. I don't think many people understand if you go into St. Breese and you look around at the brands, you will struggle to find 10 brands that are owned by the same company. Yeah, well, the whole thing's owned. The same company that owns St. Breese owns every brand is all they own everything. So if they want forever profits, which they do, they're not going to do that without only everything. Well, and also...  So you have to take that money from somewhere. If they can make you poor, so they can get richer, they will. If they own all the assets, they want inflation. They want inflation. They don't care. They don't care about you. They don't care you can't be your family. Why would they? So, and you can also look at it from a global perspective, which is quite interesting. Because Europe, America was built off the back of World War II. World War II made America rich. But Europe, for the longest time, got rich off the exploitation of second and third world nations. That's how it got rich by building empires in Africa and Asia, etc. Yeah, colonizing countries. That's how they got rich. And now we have popular relations in Europe and in the West, which are decadent. And we want high wages and we want maternity leave and we want holiday pay and we want good working standards and we want good working hours and we want nice chairs to sit on. Now we're entitled. And if you're...  company and you need slaves. Do you want entitled slaves or do you want slaves who are just going to do their job for low pay and then you start to understand why immigration is being unchecked on purpose so they can bring in people to try and work jobs for basically nothing who don't want standard of living and don't want standard of work. And what they're effectively doing now is instead of exploiting the second and third world to benefit Europe. The globalists are now decimating Europe on purpose so that they can live somewhere else. And okay that's going to prop up the economies of the second and third world so the whole thing is reversed. Instead of instead of destroying the second and third world for the benefit of Europe they're going to destroy Europe and that's going to benefit the second and third world. But they're globalists and they don't care. All they care about is forever profits. They'll go live in Saudi. They'll go live in Mumbai. They don't care. They're not tied to the land or tied to the place like the average European is. So if you're the average man in a European country and you're not financially free and you're stuck somewhere in the middle not only is your life going to get harder.  But also, the place you live in is going to get worse. Your wages are going to go down. Crimes are going to increase. All of these things are going to happen so that the people in charge can get their forever profits and avoid all the mess they make. And it's all done purposefully. If I was an average person, I'd be genuinely afraid. I mean, it's easy for me because I have so much money. Okay, I'm currently restricted in Romania and I'm under a matrix attack and they put me in jail. I'll be in a pub, blah, blah. One day I'll get out and one day it'll be over and I'll still be a millionaire. And I can look at the map and go, where is safe? Tokyo. Cool. Come. Most people can't do that. They can't do that. They're stuck. And the fact that that doesn't bother them or they don't panic, I find flabbergasting. I mean, the iceberg has struck the Titanic. How long can you have a border where people can arrive by dinghy and that's fallen. How long will you allow this to happen? One, two, three.  realize it's done. It's done. It's done. And how long will you sit there and get hit by endless bills that continue? inflation that wrecks your currency wages that don't increase new taxes with ules cameras unchecked immigration for people who don't have a passport crime rates increase bro I said this Tristan We were saying how we miss England because we're English in our hearts and part of us miss it And I was saying you know what if I lived in England. I couldn't even protect myself I have guys here with guns because I'm currently on bail and I can't carry a gun. Otherwise, I'm strapped all the time If you come to my house There's a big gate in those pit bulls and there's four guys with weapons guns. You need seal team six to get in my house There's bulletproof doors and I have a gun next to my bed. I'm the final boss. It's gonna be a shoe out In England, I got all the money in the world. I can go to Radlit I was looking at house in Radlit. I'll say right now is 12 million pounds It was gorgeous and I thought it's it's worth 20 million for 12 million was worth bargain !  Yeah, and I was a Tristan if we bought this house the problem is we couldn't even protect ourselves because Eventually someone will work out. It's our house. It's like It's just like all the football is of course all the football is when they go to play matches They'll get robbed bro eventually someone work out as our house the only way you protect yourself in the West now It's to hide as we can buy this house not put it in videos not put out on social media not invite girls over because you know It'll happen you'll invite a girl over one day. Yeah, she'll say I'm coming with my friend Lucy from the not from the BBC a different one They're like okay Lucy she comes Lucy turns up. She's a seven. You don't talk to Lucy nobody likes Lucy. She sits around She's in the location of the one she says so she knows next weekend She's out sniffing coke with some dickhead and she's like how's that taste house? No, you weren't yeah What's that hey? I was looking at this picture where was it here boom? Now the the man they now know who your house is Located talking about it Mr. Brugat and Mr. Diamond watch. I'm sitting in my ride the house is fucking 25 windows six door Intrances I'm like trusted we can't even hire armed guards who could we even hire to protect the house?  I could come along with a million dollar a month contract. I'd end up with G4S, some old man sitting in a little box. And when they rock up, 22 to the plates, it's over. You can't even be rich in England unless you want to hide. Tell me this yet. I wear, sorry, I wear a $400,000 watch in Booker S Romania and London, I can't wear it. In London, I don't wear it. So we're talking about how the nations failed. You could be rich in England and you're still not safe. You still have to pray they don't find you. You have to live like a hermit, like a cockroach under a rock and hide. And maybe you get a chance to call the police before they chop your wife's hands off. Oh, that's great. That's how fallen this nation is. And there are people there with no money that I would rich like me. They have no money. And they're sitting there going, it'll be okay. Maybe if we get Rishi Sunak out and get another one in, the doop doop doop doop. No, it won't. No, it won't. It is a failed society.  You need God, revert to Islam and move to Saudi Arabia. In Saudi Arabia, no, that will happen to you. This was going to say, so tell me, picture this for me, a payment is picture, the case was dropped, you're free to go wherever you want. You get on your private jet tomorrow, where do you tell the pilot to go? Well, that's what I'm talking about to Resign. Not just holiday. Yeah, to Resign. And that's the thing that's interesting, because I really truly believe the Western world has fallen now. And one of the things I prioritize now in my stage of life is safety. I don't see the point in anything if I'm going to end up killed. But if you're going to kill me, at least the matrix has to kill me. At least make it a cool story. He was telling the truth. He did fun podcasts. They assassinated him. Make it good. I don't want to die because some idiot wanted my watch. You know, I don't want to die for that. And I feel like the whole Western world is that dangerous now. I make this clear, when I go to London, I'm probably the most nervous. I don't know how anyone lives in London without feeling nervous. I'm so nervous all the time. And it could...  It also needs an exorbitant amount of money. If me, my brother and a couple of friends go to London, will jet from here, that's 50 grand, and then there's four of us that's four rooms, and we wanna say in a five star hotel, says two grand a night, says 10 grand in hotels, and then I have my security team there, it's three grand a day. So it's 13 or 14 grand a day in hotels and security, 50 grand to get in, then I'll go shopping, of course, normal. But even when I'm walking around her, it's my heads on a swivel. And I've got three dudes with me who are six to eight, and I'm still like, and then you'll hear about someone get robbed just outside her and spoil your inheritance. You're like, how do people live in this city? And they're just living there, like, oh, it's a dope, but yes, it is. Yes, it is. I've never had that. This is the capital of the poorest nation in the European Union. I've never had any problems here. I've never had, I drove a Bugatti around the streets. I parked my Ferrari on street corners. I were a $400,000 one. I've never had anything. Yes, I have security, yes, I had arm guards. But for the years before that, I've never had any...  What's interesting about it is that these things stand out from the crowd. Obviously I've been here for a couple of nights now And you don't ever see a Ferrari Bugatti, Lamborghini and the flannel. So when you see tape in his role, you know So it's very easy if this was like London your target 100% oh bro This is my point Lucy would give the location up and I'd be a target I'll be a decimated. So how do you have a nation where you're not allowed to be wealthy without hiding? Where you can arrive without a passport where they can't catch people who decimate people's faces of the corrosive substances where there's people in a room the those who are supposed to be designated towards enforcing law and justice trying to put me in jail Because I said women can't park. It's whole thing is a clown show. This whole thing is a clown show and Only God can save us now my friend I don't know what the West is gonna do, but this clown show is built on the back of the taxes of the hardware  average man. You're the average man. Not only is your life fucked. Not only is your future fucked. Not only are your children going to be finished. You're paying for this. You are paying for all of it. And then if you ever get to a point of finance where you don't have to pay for it as much or you can escape, what are your ex-girlfriends who called you up and demand money? And if you don't give it to where you go to jail? What planet are we on? The Western world has fallen. And Empire's rise and empires fall. This is the cyclical nature of the universe. That's fine. But to sit and try and pretend it hasn't fallen as hubris. It's being an ostrich and sticking your head in the sand. And the smartest thing the average man can do is realize that yes to Western world's fallen. And two, you have 10 years to get into the higher class, the higher social mobility class, or you and your bloodline are eternally finished forever. Yeah. Which goes back to a point I said earlier. If I'll teach you.  try to make money online for $49 and you understand you have less than a decade to save your entire bloodline and you do not join. Well then you're a loser. And your great grandchildren will wake up one day in their slave pods eating the cockroaches and they'll ask their mother, why was Granddad a loser? Why didn't Granddad try and save us? And you're going to have to sit there and come up with some answer for them. You're going to have to say, oh, well, he was busy trying just for some of the time. Justify. He was busy. He was jerking off the pornoble. Oh, he was busy. You know, it was hard for him. It was a bad economic climate and give a bunch of excuses to your bloodline as they continue to be slaves forever and washed my children's cars. Fine. But if you have a brain, you're going to understand her running out of time, you're going to fix it. Especially if you understand the nation you're in is sinking. The Titanic you are on is about to sink. Everyone in England is done. It's over. It's done. So where do you go? Good question. I like using, before you're arrest you was in England, but before that you were using the buy for a few months, right? I'm everywhere. I'm everywhere. I guess that's one of the best things about being rich and that's why.  these globalists will destroy nations for profit because they don't care. Because in every nation, there'll still be a nice part, right? So a globalist can come and fly and land his private jet at a private airport, big and hill. He doesn't even land a heat throw. And he can go for two days and see Windsor Castle and then he can get back on his jet and then he can go to St. Moritz and Switzerland and then he can go to Readd and then he can go to Tokyo and then he go to Maldives. And that's a fun three months. You don't need a house. If you have a house, it's just to keep your clothes. It's your jet. Your house is your jet. So things are different when you're rich. And also, since I've been rated three times now and people I care about have been rated by the British police only a few days ago and any address you have is only a target for the enemies. You don't own that address. Oh, this is my house. My house is my home. But it's not. BUSCH! BUS! Well, your house is at home. Money, footprints, everywhere and they turn the whole place upside down. They search everything and they go through all your private things.  and guess what they get to do after that? They steal everything they want. Steal this, steal that. Steal this, they just rob you. So they call them, they rob you. My house in Romania was robbed. By the Romanian police, house in England or rob by the English police. Why do I even want a house? You know what I want? I want a phone, a laptop, a backpack, a car. I don't want a house anymore. So you're asking me where I'm gonna live. I don't know, because now I don't feel comfortable owning a house. Because every single time I get a house, sooner or later, what a long enough time frame, friends come to visit. It seems. So I don't enjoy having a house anymore because that feeling of home, that feeling of security has been destroyed, the sanctity of a household has been destroyed for me so many times. I don't feel like a, I don't have the homey feeling. In fact, I feel most comfortable somewhere transient. I feel most comfortable in a hotel room. And I look around and go, if the police kick the store in, they're gonna steal the coffee sashes, and they're gonna steal the TV remote, and they're not mine. I don't care. I call my pillow. I'm not dead. Don't care. So why don't you do,  house. I don't want to live anywhere anymore, which is kind of scary, but this ties it to how the globalistic they all think the same as me now. Why do I need a house? If we have a house, it's an investment. We want buy a house to live in. We'll buy a house as part of a real estate fund. And we'll buy a house in the South of France for $26 million. And people will rent it off of us and all the money will go up the chain through our various show companies for our real estate funds. We can hold wealth and outpace inflation. We don't buy a house to live in. I live in five stars. I'm going to live in five stars forever because it allows me to one beat geographically free. And two, further after me. It's scary. You've all grown from bounce. Please, please. But you find safety in that. And I think so to the globalists is so to the people at the top because they understand the Titanic is sinking. So they're the same as me. Do you feel like because they're after you, you have to bounce all the time so they can't get you? I don't think it's just that. I think it's that when you're at  When you understand how this world really works, and when money has no value to you anymore, and you're truly absolutely rich, you understand the advantage of not being geographically tied down. There are opportunities happening in Tokyo right now that people cannot take advantage of because they can't go to Tokyo, or they can't live in Tokyo, or they can't be in Tokyo. And there's the same in Kuala Lumpur. I'm just saying I'm buying, the same in Dubai. And when you have geographical freedom, you have a lot more opportunity, which is the first thing. Second thing I would say protects you to some degree, but thirdly and most importantly, the reason to globalist do it is because they're destroying nations in real time, and they don't care, and they'll just go wherever it's safe. But for me, you're saying, where would I move on my jet once I'm free? I don't know, but I don't think I'm gonna stay still probably, I don't know if I'm ever gonna have a house again. I don't see the point in having a home, because home and the idea of home is that it's yours, and I have learned through experience that it's not yours. It's not yours. It's not yours, and anyone at home who thinks, oh, I've got my house, I'm gonna work hard and pay my mortgage tonight.  have my live laugh love thing and I have my so full that I got my remote and I'm my comfy chair and ain't yours bro. It's not yours. You know what you should do? You've seen Air Drake, the plane that he's got seven eight seven full private jet, massifting. Nice. That would be your house. That would be nice. Yeah, but then you kind of go deeper down the rabbit hole which I always end up doing. They can seize jets, they can seize houses, they can seize, all you truly have is your soul and your state of mind. Like you don't have anything else. If you had a state of mind that meant you didn't fear jail and you had a soul that meant you knew you were doing the right thing, that's the only way you're free. Not because you're staying out of jail. Staying out of jail doesn't make you free. Having a house you can hide in like a cockroach that the robbers or the government don't know where it is doesn't make you free. What makes you free is I'm gonna tell the truth and no matter what they do to me, I'm gonna be happy anyway. I'm happy in jail. I'm fine with jail. I've put me in jail and the prosecutors can all sit around and high five.  I don't care. You didn't win because I'm happy anyway. I don't care. And I'm more famous than ever. So I still win. So that is freedom. Freedom, truthfully, is developing a mindset where the worst they can do to you doesn't hurt you. Kill me then. Kill me. But I don't know where I'm going to go once I'm free. I have no idea. I don't know where I'm going to live. Once I'm free, I have no idea. I don't know if I'm going to live anywhere ever again. I have no idea. I don't know. I'm just going to have to play it by ear, I guess. And I will say this. There is a strange sense of homelessness that I do feel. Because when you're a host nation, which I consider to be England, I'm part of English, part of American, but I left American, I was very young. I consider myself British. When your host nation attacks you and abandons you, it's a strange feeling. I want people at home to understand that. Imagine you raised in England, you're British, you spent your whole life.  watching coronation street and eating fish and chips and saying, you can't park there and make and everything else, like everyone else. And then, because we have a point of view, members of parliament, the BBC, which is state-sponsored media, the mainstream media establishment, everyone turns on you and starts saying you're the devil. And please understand, if I was telling kids to chop their dick off, I wouldn't be the devil, then I'd be celebrated. So if I was actually Satanist, and if I was actually the devil, I'd be celebrated, and when you actually tell the good things until the truth you're the bad guy, when you're a whole country, not a few people, I'd turn on you. Your whole country turns on you. It's kind of a sad feeling. Imagine all the times you had a best friend, and they turned on you and start talking bad about you. Imagine how that made you feel a little bit. Imagine your nation doing that to you. Imagine your whole country turning on you. And it's kind of crazy because I bowed from Azerbaijan, and I was this famous and this influential, and this many people listened to me, I'd be royalty. I'd be hanging around with the president. And they'd say, good job. Yeah, you did great for Azerbaijan. Thanks for telling the truth. But because I'm from England, and England is run by satanists, it seems.  And they're not a Christian nation anymore, it seems. Because everything I'm preaching is Christian values. What am I saying? Work hard, dedicate yourself, don't give up. Don't listen to the garbage slope, or I'm going to say, I'm going to hold you back. It's all the holy books. This Christian nation is so threatened by me that they've completely turned on me and have instructed prosecutors to try and destroy my life. It's a very strange feeling, and it does make you feel sad. The same is losing a best friend. Losing your country makes you feel sad. Because Romania was my adopted home. They've done to me what they've done to me. We can go down the rabbit hole as to whether they were inspired by the Americans in British, or if they did it themselves. That's one conversation which I can't have yet. The other conversation is whether I stand a fairer chance in a Romanian court, because it's less politically charged than in English court. Quick question, they'll have that. Though you said you couldn't have the conversation yet, do you know the answer? Yes. OK. So Romania was my house station, but this has happened to me here. OK, so you have a strange longing for home. But if your home is run by psychopaths who hate you ideologically,  What do you do? It's really weird. I can't explain. It's a strange feeling of homelessness to be a super rich and can go anywhere But you have no home and Every house you've ever bought and tried to turn into a home has been Decimated by law enforcement Imagine every time you go and you set up a little house somewhere else You're like a refugee. You're like a refugee. Your nation hates you. You're a refugee. Your nation hates you They attack you. You know you've done nothing wrong. You say okay. I'll go on move and I'll start a little house over here And I'll have a woman. I'll have kids. Yeah, I'll the family my children live here Boom go the ground and please okay, let me let me go over here with my family my kids and put my kids in the same thing Go the ground get her bro. What the fuck am I supposed to do with my life now? It's scary and Then you could sit a go. Well, do I just shut up so they'll stop doing this to me? Or do I just continue to talk so I can tell everybody that they're gonna do it to all of us and That's the real question. I kind of feel like the men who avoid war You You  Think that war will end, but no, you just ensure your decimation and extermination. If you avoid to fight, if you wake up and say, I refuse to fight, you don't end the wars, you just make sure you lose. That's the difference. This war is coming for everybody. If they don't do this to me, they'll do this to someone else. In fact, they're probably doing it to many other people right now. I'm just the one with the biggest voice. So the reason I allow this to keep happening to me is because I understand that if I shut up, I don't stop it happening. Even if I stop happening to me, maybe, I don't stop happening as a whole. It's going to happen to anybody who tells the truth. Anybody who speaks up in a large enough platform, your ability to speak freely is directly correlated to your insignificance. Don't forget that. It's very important. And that's why I feel like, instead of cowering out, I need to highlight it. And I feel bad, not for me. I feel bad for the mothers and my children. I feel bad for my three-year-old kids. I feel bad for them. They're the ones I feel bad for. I'm a man. I'm a man. Put a gun in my face. I'm a man. I'm a man.  and women. These are innocent bystanders dragged to jail cells by prosecutors for justice. This is the good guy. The good guys, right? This is the angle I'm looking at because it's like you are the man that they're coming off to, but they're the ones who are also going to have to face the... Well, here's the thing that's so interesting, right? Because that's the attack vectors of a powerful man has always been the same thing when we said earlier about why rich men get in trouble and I said girls, attack vectors will always be identified by your enemies and the primary attack vector for any enemy is a girl, give me an example. Story we just told earlier about Lucy at my house. How did the bad guys with the machetes find out where my house was? A girl. If I have enemies who want me dead, let's say I've annoyed the Turks and I'm in London. I know how to not get caught, but the girl with her Instagram story with the corner of the napkin didn't know. Now I'm toast. She tits a selfie up in the hotel. They recognize the hotel. Now they're waiting outside toast. If I had to catch and find some...  And he knew I was after him. I just find who his girl is over. Who's he fucking? Follow them. And bro, it's easy. It's so easy, because women have no opsec. I think they're not. I think they're more about their Instagram likes than your life. That woman you're in love with, that woman you'll do anything for, cares more about getting likes on her Instagram than you getting stabbed to death. Because if you say to her, don't post that. Don't post that, because people have to be, well, it's just a picture. I can get my likes. Likes are even money. We don't even money. We made likes. Who gives a fuck? Who cares? They're gonna kill me. Oh, but this is a coffee cup. It's cute. Bro, and you're in love with her. And when you die, six months later, should be in my brother's bed. Bro, wake up. Wake up. But women are the attack vector. So it's also the same with law enforcement. And you're taking a bad man. But he's smart. And he's sharp. And he's got all his things in order. And we can't.  I can't pin him down, not because I'm bad, because I'm innocent. They don't believe that. They believe I'm just that good. I am that good. But I'm also innocent. So what do they do? Let's drag the women in here. Let's threaten the women. Let's sit his wife down, or one of his wives, or one of his girlfriends, and let's start telling her how often he cheats on her. Let's start showing him her pictures of him with other women. Let's try to manipulate her. Let's show her, let's lover, let's lover boy method her. They hit blue. Let's go down and be nice to her and try to convince her to do something. So they're hypocrites, because they do lover boy methods, crying. They see your girlfriend down and say, you were with him on the 10th of February. You know when they left the February he was fucking this girl? Boom. You know he bought this girl this? Boom. You know it this, this, boom. And they just sit there like snakes and rags. And just say he's a cheat or he's bad. What's he ever done to you? And she'll be like, well nothing. OK, but does he ask you where you go? She goes, well, yeah, if I go out, he asks me where I go. OK, controlling behavior manipulative. And they just fucking make it up. So women are the attack vector.  So, how do you avoid this tech factor? Well, be gay. Have no kids, die alone? Well, you can't. So you have to have women around you, especially when you're rich, you're gonna have a bunch of beautiful women around you. So they're the attack factor for your enemies, for the law enforcement, for everything. So the women who are around me, yeah, they get caught up in the crossfire because that's how the enemy is gonna try and get to me, whether it's the bad guys trying to kill me, or the law enforcement. And I have to say to my women, listen, there's no light without dark. You fly on private jets, and you get to drive around in my Bugatti, and you get to stay in five star hotels, and you get to go for golden facials are 6,000 pounds a day. You get all of that, yes. And sometimes these idiots are gonna drag you down to a police station and say, why does he give you so much money? And you're gonna have to explain to them, my facials are expensive. That's, that, what do you mean? What do you mean? That's the game. But the fact that these evil people think they're doing good, dragging women into rooms and wrecking their lives, is crazy. But if you look at the biggest...  Most heinous acts ever done in humanity It was by people who thought they did good and this is where we go back into feedback because the violence police officer about the prosecutor I would have enough cognitive ability to sit and say am I the good guy here? Am I actually the good not on the police? That's that's matrix mind. That's that's clowning actually use my brain I'm dragging innocent people into rooms. I'm putting innocent people in jail I'm questioning innocent women who were just getting presents from their boyfriend I'm fucking with this guy who's never hurt me in my life ever And they've already been fucked up by the remaining government He's clearly innocent because they're about to let him out and he's not in jail anymore. What am I doing? Okay, I'm getting my wage, but what am I doing? Am I am I fighting the good fight here? But they don't even have enough feedback enough self-analysis or they're so arrogant that they'll look in the mirror and they put in their shirt every day Yep, please I'm the police You're a dummy you're the police don't catch the guy but acid and people's faith. We need their place  You dumbass. You put fucking butt baby, my name, jail. Bro, clown world, clown world, we live in a joke. We live in a clown world. I don't think people understand every single thing. That you believe in at home. The medical system, the judicial system, the financial system, the educational system, you name a system, it's a joke. The shit they teach in schools a joke. The money's not real, wall's not real. It's all a big clown show. It's a circus. All of it. And they're the things you rely on. You need these things. You need them to educate your kids. You need the money to be worth something. You need the law to be fair. And it's all a scam. All of it's a scam. That life is, we know it is a scam. It's a scam. And then you sit down and go, okay, well, that's true. What do we have left? What do we do, Andrew? And I go back to my original answer. We need brothers who will die beside you. Because that's all.  all life's ever been. When things get hard, and when I say hard, I mean really hard. The best thing you're gonna have is a brother who will die beside you. Your woman can give you emotional support, but you can't do much else. When things get difficult, women often become a burden. If you're walking down the street, and a terrorist attack happens, heaven forbid. You wish you weren't with a chick. Cause being with a chick now, come on, let's go, go. Huh, huh, huh, and you have to carry her, right? Cause they're slow and they're like, oh, why should my heels? And they're fucking nightmare. You have to look after them. If you're with your boy, broke, a chick, you feel better. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You feel better. You're on site. Men help you. When things get hard, men around you are gonna be your number one asset. It's always been that way. When the, when the whore arrived at Vienna, it was brothers with swords who were ready to die by each other that defended the city. And,  vice versa to attack the city. That's what you've always going to need. Women may be able to say, you good job, keep going, but they can't do much else. And then the hardest times you don't have time for motivation, you're motivated by self instinct and self preservation. So you can deal with all that crap afterwards. So if you're a man and your primary friend, your best friend or the person you're relying on the most, you spend most of your time with is your chick, that's fine. But you're going to regret that when things get hard because you don't have any real backup. I spend most of my time with my guys. And I love my women with all my heart, but my team comes first because they're the ones who will save me. They're the only ones who can save me if I really need saves. Push close to self. Absolutely. So brotherhood is the most important thing. And and money is another important thing like I talked about, but I don't know. It's it's how do you how do you in this clown world, how do you survive? Like I said earlier, you need the brotherhood because of the reason I just gave and you need to have money to get on the high socioeconomic ladder and you need God.  Besides those three things, I can't find another answer for it, because every time I've ever tried to rely on the education system, the financial system, the judicial system, every time they failed me, every time I've learned what it is. You know what most people don't understand? All of these things, all the systems I've just named, the medical system. We just learned what scam that was, here night booster. All of these things are just people walking into a room and saying things. And people are fallible. Think how many people you know who are idiots? Cool. That's those people who you think are idiots. Are the systems I just described. The education system is just someone standing there talking. The judicial system is someone standing there talking. The medical system is someone standing there talking to just idiots walking into rooms. They've got badge. The justice system. The police, the prosecutor who doesn't realize he's doing no good for anybody that he believes.  fallacies that he's destroying people's lives and he's not a good person. He's actually the bad guy in this story He's actually the bad guy in this story without enough self-awareness looking to mirror and go I'm a fuck up He's gonna sit there go I'm the good guy. I got this bad Yeah, but that's just there was idiot dummies and Then you're sitting oh no, we live in a fair world and the law is fair and schools good They're dummies, bro. What's even scarier is? All of these people are not only fallible, but they're very human and what scares me about the Moral decay of the world is that all of these people are involved in the moral decay so for example as Certain ideas let's take one that's a bit vanilla so this podcast doesn't get banned I could choose one of 20 on the close of vanilla one pornography. It's vanilla As pornography becomes prevalent. I don't care because I don't watch pornography I don't watch porn why would I I am a got time to service my women as it is I'm busy so last  I have time for his at garbage. But then most people don't sit and go, oh, but that means your judge watches a bunch of porn, your lawyer watches a bunch of porn, teacher of your kid watches a bunch of porn, police officer who's arresting you for being a bad person was jerking off last night to a bunch of porn. All these people who you need to rely on, who are authority and strong moral upstanding characters and Mr. Dickhead with his badge, you're all a bunch of wankers. They're all bunch of wankers, correct. That's it. And you can take that, you can take porn, you can take swinging, or you take homosexuality, or you take all these things, or all these moral degradation, is as infected our institutions, right. So you'll stand there in front of a judge and the judge watches porn and his wife gets banged by his best friend because there's swingers and he dresses, he crossed dresses, and they just sit there and judge honorable goat jail. Bro, it's fucking scary. It's all fucked. It's all fucked. Yeah, and I was scared of it. It's all fucked. And then I'm just sitting there like, bro, and then I know.  All this shit crosses my mind. So when you remove God from society, you live in Godless societies, yeah, you have the moral degradation, but it doesn't just destroy the populace, it destroys the institutions of the populace. That's the worst thing about it. And now we're living in a society which is so brutally corrupt to the core. The World Health Organization says I need 10 injections of poison, otherwise I'm gonna die. And all of them jerk off all day, every night they jerk off. Bro, they do these world economic forum, Davos. Shit, all these people who are in charge of the world. They all go to Switzerland. I saw something on Twitter. On the days where everyone flies in for these global economic summits, all the world leaders, et cetera, the local hooker and strip club are booked out. You can't get a hooker on those days because they're all booked in advance. So the people who are deciding what's happening with you are book and orgies. And all the orgies are organized. The people who call me a human trafficker are going to fuck young girls who are sexually abused.  for money and I'm even a trafficker and it's just like what clown planet are we all? The best hope you have is to believe in God and find some degree of religious of religious ideology amongst the everyday life. That's the best hope you have is to find a a society where people are afraid of God because the idea that the people who are in charge of the world are told to meet the machine to convince everyone at home. I'm a human trafficker to put me in jail then all flying to have a big conference to talk about and make inflating the currency on purpose so they can make everybody a slave and then they book out prostitutes who are probably touched as kids and they they fuck them in massive orgies doing God knows what and I'm the bad guy and this is all supposed to be okay it's all acceptable and if I mention it Mr. Plodz, a police officer who also jerks off the porn hub is after me with his other prosecutors who all jerk off in the room it's just like pro the world's a matter.  I don't have the answer to these things, besides brotherhood and money. If you have brothers who can rely on of strong upstanding character and you have hundreds of millions of dollars and you believe in God, like me, you can resist. I'm not winning. I'm not winning. I'm just good at getting hit. That's all it is. I'm not being these people. I'm not stopping them coming into my house. I'm not stopping them arresting me. I'm not stopping them locking up my baby. All I'm doing is I'm good at getting punched in the face and smiling. I'm good at getting hit. I'll become tough. That's it. If you get these things, you can resist the oppression with your IKIDO. You can take a pot of shot and you can smile back. But that's the best you can hope for. If you haven't got those things as soon as you get hit once you're out and is done, it's over. And then a good deeper down the rabble. Because deeper down the rabble hole is, then you learn. One of the biggest things the Matrix try to do is when they try to isolate you. Most people don't understand the effect. These kind of matrices.  attacks, haves on the average man's relationships with people. If you're a man with a normal job, and you're doing the normal thing, and you're in the middle, and you're following your job, and you get caught up in some bullshit, or whatever you tell too much truth, and you lose your job, when you lose your job, you only have two months until you lose your marriage, unless you get another job. You're gonna lose your wife, you're gonna lose your kids. They're gonna make a whole life full of thought. 100%. When you go to jail, I heard it on the jail phone. Number one argument I heard on the phone in jail was women yelling at their men, how am I supposed to pay the bills? Because women are self-interested, women are survivors. Me, me, me, me, me, they're selfish. You're in jail. How do I pay the bills? And the man's like, yeah, I'm in jail. What do you want me to do about it? Well, you're always hanging out with your friends on the street corner, and that's why you're in jail. That's not why I'm in jail. That's nothing to do with it. You've made that up. Well, I can't pay the bills then. Then six months later, she's fucking someone else, and he kills himself. So happens, right? So deep right on the rabbit hole is, knowing does the matrix try and destroy you financially?  destroy your influence, destroy your reputation, but they also understand that they do this to you heavily in all. It trickles down every two months. It trickles down every two months to do the other. It trickles down every two months to do the other. It trickles down every two months to do the other. It trickles down every two months to do the other. I'm fortunate because of my brutal competence and because I'm so charming and lovely and I've got a long Johnson that my women have dedicated themselves to me for life. That was me in a very fortunate situation. Most men are not in that situation, which actually ties back, wonder if PC plot works this out. If I understand that I'm gonna be under matrix attack for the rest of my human years and the chance of me going to jail is 100%. And I can't resist the forces of evil. I'm just good enough at getting hit that I can stay standing because my aikido is masterful. And I find a woman I'm truly in love with. Why the fuck would I not buy her golden facials, dip shit? Da, da, that's what I'm like, da. Okay, solved. Yeah, da. Of course, because she waits for me if I go to jail. Mind blown. Bro, clown world. So if you're a man and you're out there, please understand. If you have a strong brotherhood and you go to jail.  You can send your brother over to your wife and he can lend her money and he ain't got a fucker and he's gonna check on her. Because he knows a brotherhood is and he's gonna check on the kid and there's gonna be a man they can call up this trouble and he's gonna pay the rent and he's gonna make sure she doesn't do anything stupid either. She ain't gonna be able to cheat or run around because he's around everything's under control. If you have money once again you could take care of your problems but if you're a normal dude and you get hit you get punched you can't do like me you can't come on a podcast to make fun of these people and laugh it off. Once they hit you you're a toast your chicks leaving you you're losing your kids you're losing your house you're losing your job everything you lose that you're done bro. Done and you ain't getting back up you're getting knocked out and you're not getting back up so while you're standing if you're not preparing yourself for this you're a fool you're a fool everything I've just told you about the world is completely true and you know it so after all of this talking if you don't have the motivation to get rich  Phil, then you're born to lose. You're just born to lose. Then I don't know what to say to you. Wash my car. Go back to that. Wash my car. I don't know what else to say to you. Go wash it. Because you're a fucking loser. And you know, you spend your time in jail reading the Quran, right? I want to know, did you ever get time to read and stories of the prophets? You know what I found most interesting about the Quran? You'll see what I'm trying to tie it into in a second book. I don't want to get this wrong. I'm just trying to hate getting things like this wrong. But I think it says day 365 times or days 365 times and day 30 times as many as there is in a month. This is month 12 times. And there was all these language patterns inside it, which is incredible. One of the miracles I find fascinating is, allow mentions in the Quran. You know, the ratio of land and water is 71% water. I think 71% and the rest of it is land.  ratio land is mentioned X amount times and what was mentioned X amount times gives you the exact same ratio as it is and it was Versighted over 20 something years or something it's completely incredible even even even to remember to use the word month only 12 times across 20 something years of Recycling 26 or 29 years It's incredible to me. So but what I was gonna ask is With with things that the Prophet said back in the day, you know, there will be a time where All these are genders are taking place and people at the time would be like what the hell are you talking about like written arm and can't be the case, you know, you got a would you be in all this sort of stuff and you know at the time that seemed absurd So do you look at it now with obviously life you've experienced and think He's right. Oh, no, absolutely. He's right and you see it probably more first hand than any of us the problem is I'm talking about people selling their souls. I'm talking about all of it So first let's talk about me selling my soul because I want to make this very clear. I keep saying this and I want people to know at home how this works  I was offered to sell my soul. So let me explain to everyone at home exactly how this works. You don't become the most Googled man on earth without them trying to control what you say. The reason all these stupid superstars say the same garbage and don't speak out against injustice and don't didn't speak out against COVID and don't tell the truth about anything and don't have any interesting opinions that could actually save people from slavery because they've sold their souls. And typically you have to sell your souls to become famous. You sell your soul on the ascent and they won't allow you to become famous unless... You do that, yeah. I broke the matrix. So once I was already famous, they wanted to control what I said. And it's very simple how it works. They come to you with a sponsorship contract for a large company. And that large company will offer you, let's say hypothetically, less imagined as a guy called TopGee, and imagine they will offer him 50 million. And they will say you will take 50 million, but to make sure the brand is represented well, you're gonna wear a certain clothes, you're gonna dress a certain way.  and you're gonna have certain opinions. You're not gonna talk about this, you're not gonna talk about that, you're not gonna talk about this. If you're asked about Israel-Palestine, you're on this team, and if you're asked about transgender's, you're on this team. If you're asked about things, you change your opinion, and you have to have all these opinions to represent the brand under the brand integrity guidelines. And the good thing about this sponsorship contract is, us as a brand, we spend huge amounts of money advertising in these particular media outlets, which means the media will talk good about you. They'll stop lying about you. They'll stop telling the world you're bad. They'll protect you because they can't insult you, because we pay for them by advertising. So what they're basically saying is, we'll get the media to stop talking bad about you. We'll give you a bunch of money, and you'll say what we want you to say, and you become a puppet and a mouthpiece for the matrix. So they didn't say this directly, don't they? They told me I would have a sponsorship contract. They told me I would have certain opinions to protect the brand integrity guidelines. They told me that I would have favorable reviews, favorable outcome from the media, because they sponsor the media.  So that's what they say and they offer you the contract and you can say yes or no So how do you know that that was a form of selling a soul as opposed to that just being a sponsorship deal big money obviously They want to check their brand So when I say sell your soul I'm talking about literally selling it to the devil. Oh, okay Literally sitting here in front of millions of people and telling everyone is okay to be transgender Isn't that selling my soul whether I do it for a company or for the devil? No, it is yeah, it is the selling my soul and they tried to give me the sell my soul When I said no is when I started saying on podcast something to go to jail and Guess what happened? So this is why I go then it was a while ago. Yeah Because the only way they got away with the insanity put me in jail for no reason was after they spun up the meeting machine to convince people I'm a bad person first If everyone didn't think I was a bad person you can't just throw me in jail because everyone would riot I mean like what is this garbage? So they have to use the medium machine to lie to you So once the medium machine start kicking into gear once I declined their offer. I knew what was gonna come I knew it So that's how selling your soul works and I want everyone  at home to also understand, 99% of them have sold their soul. And you need to sit as a human at home and say, am I going to idolize someone? Am I going to support someone? Am I going to respect someone who has sold their soul to the devil who will tell my children bad ideas who will ruin my family because I like their music? I mean, they don't care about you. Do you care about them? Please understand, all of the art is sueless and too. All those people on Spotify, all those actors you like, all those sports stars, all those Instagram influencers, all those garbage people you follow have sold their souls, all of them. All. And they have done it for their own personal gain. So they can make millions and they don't care how they damage society by extension. And you are society. So they have decided to damage you to benefit them. Why are you following them? Why are you going to their football games? Why are you watching their...  music videos. Why are you going to their concerts? Why are you supporting the people who have sold you out? Because they all have, I want to make a statement. I agree with you. On the only one they're putting in jail. On the only one they're putting in jail. They've all sold you out. If I would have taken that contract, I would have never gone to jail. I would never be labeled a human trafficker. I would never have the bad press. I'd have 50 million extra pounds. I would not have lost 25 million illegal fees so far. My life would be objectively better. My children would be safer. My women wouldn't have their houses raided. All of that. If only I had taken the money. But I didn't. Do you think once someone sells a soul, they can't gay back? Absolutely. I mean, maybe perhaps you can try and reverse the bad you did, perhaps. But the scary thing about all of this is, once you sell your soul, that's only the beginning. So let's say I said yes. Then I would be invited to a party, which I'd have to go to. Part of my contract. I took a bump.  like a private island sort of thing? Perhaps. Or a party where something happens. And I was there at the time. And there's footage of me there at the time. Something happened and I had to go as part of my contract. And then I'm not told not to tell anyone. Don't tell anyone. I don't tell anyone because I'm not supposed to. And I don't want to get in trouble. But now I have a secret I'm harboring and they know I have it and they're holding it against me and they come blackmail me. And then I get invited to go somewhere else. Do you understand? That's the beginning of it. That's the beginning, my friend. And then you're so far down the rabbit hole that you know the truth. And now even if you want to tell the truth, how do you redeem yourself, they'll kill you. That's the same. They'll kill you. We're not looking in the likes of that. Anyone who's brave enough to face execution to tell the truth is to kind of person who would have been brave enough to say no at the beginning. Like me. I'm the kind of person who would tell the truth and get killed. But I'm also the kind of person who would never get there. That's the point. Anyone who ends up there is a fucking coward. And you're sitting at home jerking off to the t-  Super Bowl's halftime show, like a dummy, and go into concerts when they're in town. Yeah, they're supporting the people who have sold you out, like a fool, because they all have. They all have, because if the celebrities with massive voices told the truth, which they know to be true about economics, about finance, that they'd all be fucked. They'd all be fucked. How do they get away with doing what they get away with? How am I human trafficker? And these rappers get to run around with endless, endless, endless ratchet chicks. And nothing happens. Explain that. It's interesting, because I'll speak to someone who knows someone who's actually sold their sold, right? And this person's been saying people sell their sold for different reasons, or they have them sell their sold for different agendas. For example, you might have this group of rappers constantly talking about sex and drugs. And you might have this other person constantly pushing the whole, you know, agendas of society. Yeah. And all this, they literally just target people. Okay, what can we do with this person? What can we do with this person? What can we do with this person? They'll go to a rap group, and they'll say, we think that your song's about sex and...  drugs sell the most. So here's your record contract, but you need to sing about sex and drugs. Yeah, it's really done. Yeah. Done. Just like they'll go to these streamers and say, you have to gamble on stream for kids to watch. Here's your money. There's a bunch of different ways they do it to decorate society. The reason they hate me is the same reason they hate Trump. Because no one owns us. And we have our own money. And they can't buy us. And they're trying. And we say, no. And that makes them mad. Because they just use money and buy everybody. Because everyone's a selfish idiot with no morality who wants cash. I, I say, I have enough money. There, you could offer me a billion dollars right now to say something I don't want to say. And I'd say no. And they are flabbergasted by that. And it angers them to their core because that's the one tool they've used their entire life to manipulate not only people, the world. They use money to influence the world. We give money to the newspaper to print that COVID is dangerous so that people will buy stock in the pharmaceutical company that we own because they have to have the vaccine. They control everything with money. So when they say here, do.  And you say, no, that like, what the fuck? No. Who? Prosecutor. Get him. Human trafficker. Human trafficker. You just had an orgy at Davos. You just had a fucking orgy. Okay. And then PC plot, police officer, I'm a good guy. Brut dummies. Brut, it's crazy. But I have a dream. And my dream is that people wake up and realize all these celebrities hate me. Why do I follow any of them? Why do I talk to any of them? Why do I absorb any of their content? Why do I negotiate with any of them? Because they hate you. And you need to at least have enough self respect to say, well, if they hate me, I'm just not going to support them. You know, there is one point there that you said that I will, I will not say I'll disagree if, but I will encounter it. Yeah. So you said, you know, Trump is free as well. And for the same reason why they don't like you, the other one don't like him. I don't argue one thing there.  He was once a president. I'm under the belief and once again, this is conspiracy that the cost of you being president is also a sales transaction. So I would say that Trump did sell his soul. Or what do you think? I would argue that and I'll tell you what I think happened. Trump was like me. I got famous and I wasn't supposed to. All the traditional blocks that prevent you from getting famous. I bypassed. You need to have a sponsorship contract. You need to have a contract that allows them to put you in movies. You need to have a contract that allows them to play your song on the radio. You need to get interviews with mainstream media where they ask you nice questions. You need to do all this garbage to get famous. I bypassed that and I can prove it because I got famous via social media. So famous in fact, that as you correctly said earlier, TikTok has invented brand new algorithms and built brand new detection software to make sure that nobody can do it again.  I was a black swan event and they said, oh, this person got famous and jumped over all our fences. And now he's telling the truth. So we need taller fences. So now, anytime we decide to ban someone, we can ban their voice, we can ban people talking about them, we can ban a picture of them, we can ban any videos of them, we can ban a cartoon that looks like him and then we'll ban the account with AI. People spent a year building brand new AI technology because of me, because of me to make sure that nobody could do it again. They don't want anyone to do it ever again. Trump was the same. Nobody expected him to win. He wasn't supposed to win the day before the election. They said that Hillary Clinton had a 99% chance to win and they thought, well, we'll use the mainstream media machine and we'll tell everyone at home that Trump doesn't stand a chance. Don't waste your vote. And the Hillary's going to win. First of all, in president, she's the best, she's great. And we're going to just sile up everyone. And then Trump won. And they're like, oh, we are our fences.  And then Biden won. Who voted for Joe Biden? No one. I'm going to jail for this truth. So they just stopped higher fences. Let's just rig it. He didn't sell his soul. He came into power. And once he was in power, they used a media machine, which is what they do, using money to convince the world. He was racist, start riots, black lives matter, burn everything down. He works for Russia, garbage. He's a bad person, accuse him of rape, accuse him of all the same things that accused me of, attack him, his presidency's up, fuck him off. He just lost in court last week. He owes that woman $90 million. A woman said, Trump raped me. I don't remember when. I don't remember where. The same woman has written a book about how rape is sexy. They, he said, that bitch is crazy. They found him innocent of the rape.  found him guilty of defamation for calling her crazy. And he must pay her $90 million. Matrix attack, the law, the judge, the law, fair the law. 19 million, make that make sense to me. That makes no sense at all. This is my exact point. You upset the Matrix to come for you, law fair. So he was a black swan event like me. They tried to buy him, he wouldn't sell. Now they're gonna try and destroy him. Now they're trying to take all his money off him and do anything it takes stopping me and president again. I don't know what fences they've raised. I don't know what they've got planned. But if they think they're gonna run old Joe Biden against Trump, but he's gonna win fair and square, he must be like, you're fucking mine. Something's going on. And they've got plans against me. So they've made new AI fences and no one gets famous again without signing that contract. Because what should have happened to me is when I was at 20% of my influence, I was offered that contract. And then if I get bigger, I'm saying the right things. And then I also need the money when I'm smaller. 15.  You know, if you meet him, it was big money to be then. Yeah. Now 50 mil is like, well, a month's of money. He cares. I don't care. I don't want it. So that's the point. So Trump wasn't a sellout. Let me give you a very simple rule to world. Anyone they tell you about is a bad guy. Is a good guy. And anyone they tell you is a good guy. Is a sellout. Is a sellout at a bad guy. You can't go wrong if you go through the world that way. They're saying he's the good one, he's not. They're saying he's the bad one, he's the good one. By guarantee nine times out of fucking 10, you're going to be correct. That's how messed up this world is. It's genuinely inverse. It's fucked up. It's inverse. So I was a black swan event, Trump was a black swan event. We can't be bought. And that's why they're trying to destroy us. The simple is that because the demons operate in the dark. Demons need life. Demons can't do their job in the light. And the light is truth. God is light. If you tell the truth, if we have a...  got to a field of playing field of truth. They can't do their snakery in their lives. They need deception. They require deception. That's not a man that's a woman, the sky is green. They need all this garbage so they can keep you in your slave box. If you knew the truth, bro, if people at home knew how money worked, the banks would be on fire tomorrow. They don't know. And the worst thing is, they don't even want to go and learn. I'd rather you say to this year, as we wrap up in this podcast, I want to ask you this question. Let's just say the Matrix do pull the third strike on you and they succeed. Yep. How do you want the world to remember you? I want the impact you want to leave from people. I feel like I've lived a good life. I'm 37 and I would argue that I've lived more life than most hundred year old men. I've done everything, been everywhere. I've made a mark, made an impact. What's life for? Life's to have children and to leave an impact than to teach your children things. Butch kids, done my job.  So I don't want anyone to think I'm sad about it. It was a decision I made. I feel like as a man, you should always live for something bigger than yourself. I feel like that the true masculine imperative is to find a battle worth fighting for. That's why men have always gone to war and some men died. That's how it's always been for men. As a man, your life shouldn't be about quantity. It should be about quality. It's trying to live as long as possible, but being that porridge goo in the middle is not as important as living a short or amount of time and getting to be the tea-bone steak. So I want people to understand that I believe I was doing the right thing, and I'm not a perfect person, and perhaps I made some mistakes, but I believe I was doing the right thing at the time. And I don't have any regrets about it. And that I would like people to learn from my example and live truths in themselves. And I think that the world can be a beautiful place when you're true to yourself. I really think that a lot of depression.  and a lot of sadness and a lot of disc contentment with consciousness comes from the very simple fact that most men are not true to themselves. And when I say that, I mean, I can say this in a funny way or I can say this in a serious way. I'm going to choose... Give us both. Let me choose funny first. Code. You want a fuck of bitch? Fuck of bitch. Right. I love my girlfriend with all my heart. Yeah, I want a fucker today. And I fucked her boom. I don't love her. I love you. I fucked her. Sorry. Now, I can pretend I'm not supposed to want to do that. I can pretend I don't want to do it. I can listen to my woman tell me that's wrong and then be told I'm immature and all this car. I want to do what I want to do. If I want to tell a man to get to go away in a less polite way, I'll do it. If I want to fire a member of staff, I'll fire them on this one. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care.  do what I want. The resentment inside of me eats away at me. And most men are living lives not doing what they want. Please understand, they don't get to talk to the girls they want to talk to because they're not important enough. They don't get to hang around with the guys as often as they want because they have to work a job they don't like doing. They don't get to tell their woman to be quiet because she'll leave him. He doesn't get to tell his boss to go away because he'll get fired. He just sits at his car, quiet and meek filled with rage. And the best thing about being rich and important and I guess the truest way to be happy as a man is to be true to yourself, which is good and bad. I get to give to charity. I have a charity tape pledge.com and I donate millions of dollars a year to charity and feed children. I love my kids. I love my friends. I love the people around me. And if I don't like someone, I tell them to get fucked. And I say it right to their face in their eye. And if they want to do something about it, it's up to them. And I'm prepared for that too. And I get to live true to my masculine imperatives in all ways. I don't have to sit and be fake or lie or get along with someone. I keep it real. And that is why.  so many men are unhappy today. They don't get to keep it real. Bro, you know, I find it truly amazing. There are men out there who are afraid to tell their own woman, leave me alone, I'm busy, because she'll give him headache. It does hurt to me that way. And he's like, oh, babe, please, let me just work now. No, I'm working. Leave me alone. I love you very much, but I'm working. Leave me alone. There are men who don't even get to be a man in their own house. They don't even get to be a man in their own house. No wonder you're depressed. No wonder you're miserable. I'm talking about being the king of earth. You don't gonna be the king of earth. At least be the king of your house. If someone breaks into that house, you have to die to protect that woman. You're paying the bills. And you said, leave me alone for five minutes. You should give him your attitude. Bro, you said don't post our location on Instagram. They want to kill me and she's worried about her likes. Most people's lives, most dudes relationships, their lives are so fucked up. They don't even realize, no wonder you're sad. Look at you.  in the mirror, look in your own eyes. I'd be miserable if I was these people. If I have a girlfriend, that's I guess it's one of the best things about status. I know this is a bit off topic because you asked me how I wanna be remembered, but the answer is I wanna live true to my masculine imperatives, but if I have a girlfriend and I get a girlfriend and I like her very much and we're together and I say, we're together now, you don't need Instagram. You know what she says? Cool. And deletes it. I don't have to force her. I don't have to tell her. You have to control her. I have to control her. I just say it and she's like, because she respects me and she knows I'm worth more than any Instagram page. If you say to your chick, delete Insta, she's like, why am I in sex? You mean me? I mean, well, I mean, she needs it for some, I don't know. But I'm saying, if you're not even in most men, I think most men desire respect. I think we all desire respect innately. But if you're not in charge of your house and you're not in charge of your own relationship and you're working for someone else, you're not in charge of your business and obviously you're not in charge of the government because they're out to rec. Like what are you doing? Of course you're sad.  I'd rather be me and get punched in the face by the matrix and get back up or get punched in the face and keep smiling, but at least I have some semblance of control of my empire, at least. Most these men haven't got anything, and that's why they're so sad, and I would hate to be remembered as one of them, but they won't be remembered at all. And that's why when they die, there'll be a number, and there's always going to be numbers and names on this planet. And the names have always had difficult lives. If you look back at any battle in history, they will say, 13,000 people die. And X-person. And one of them was him. Yeah. I'm going to be that guy. And avoiding all of the hardship it takes to become that guy is truly insane, because you'll just be one of the 13,000. You'll still die. Like I said earlier about the man who doesn't want to fight things to wars go away. No, that's the reason I'm fighting this war against a matrix, because they're coming for all of us. If any man is watching this.  I may be charging at the gunfire first. I may be leading the charge and I may be getting hurt. You're somewhere at the back and you feel safe. They're coming for all of us. So at least I get to go down as a name as opposed to dying as a number. So don't worry about me dying a little bit early. Worry about yourself dying and not being remembered at all. And you take, I want to thank you very much for coming to the podcast. Thank you, sir. And guys, I know I've probably been quiet this episode, but when you have someone like yourself on tape, God gave us one mouth and two ears for reasons. So all we've got to do is listen. Thank you, sir. So now I'm excited to have Tristan and listen to what he says. So thank you, bro. Have you got any questions that you'd like me to ask Tristan? Ask him who's better at Uno. That's important. Let's see if you want. I want to see if he tells you the truth. Mm-hmm. Let me tell you all guys something at home. I have never lost a game of Uno. I am undefeated world champion centennial three time world champion. I was in jail three life sentences. Just me by myself a thousand people like.  against me in the biggest Uno game ever played in history. I beat a thousand people with no cards. I beat them. They let me out of my three life sentences. All of them had to get the bus to Jupiter because they were stupider than me. And I stayed here on Earth as the champ. You can't play greens against me. If you play greens at any point, I'm guaranteed to beat you. Blues and Reds don't work. Uno, world champ. We'll be all of that's trusted. So he knows. Tell him he's been the Jupiter. He's Jupiter. I've been the jailed three life sentences. I got out because of my Uno prowess. I have never lost a game. Of Uno. I'm going to play that clip to him. Any other questions for him? It's all the matters, bro. Andrew, I want to appreciate you. Thank you very much. Coming on the podcast and hopefully, I wish all this issue of yourself and the law and all that sort of stuff can go to shit and basically come back to normal. You get your freedom back. And then we'll link up in the bio. Saudi Arabia or wherever we may be at the time. Let's do part three. Part three, exactly that. Guys, make sure you subscribe. Like comment also. I was going to plug your social button even though if you can't do that anymore. Yeah, yeah. So I am, I'll do a quick.  plug here. Guys, if you liked what I said today, it's a tip of the iceberg. I have to censor myself so they don't kill me right away. So if you want to hear more about what I have to say, go to corporateate.com. I have a completely free email list. You can sign up there. If you want to learn how to make money online, you can join the real world. And if you want to have fraternity of brothers who understand the truth about the enslavement, which is coming for us all, you can join the war room. All of those things are accessible at cobertate.com. If you want to really piss off the educational establishment, you can go to university.com, which also leads to the real world, but using that website really makes them mad. So if you've wasted money on a degree at any point in your life, that's how you get your retribution. Join the real world value at university.com. And I'm only on Twitter at cobertate. Shout out to Elon Musk. Shout out to Elon. Alright guys, hope you enjoyed it. Catch you in the next one. Peace.