 Hello friends welcome to end of this another video Right I just woke up And Trump launched a meme coin You know I only sleep three or four hours a day and somehow I managed to miss To miss the largest cultural event Bros I was awake. I'll stay awake One second Yeah Yeah, so I only sleep a few hours and Somehow I managed to miss the largest event in crypto in a very long time only sleep two or three hours a day And then I woke up and Trump's launched a meme coin So we're gonna talk about what that means We're gonna talk about how that affects the space  And then we're gonna get the daddy dev on here because he's gonna brag. I think he's made How much the fuck did he make? How the fuck he made like seven or eight million dollars or something Incredible So we're gonna ask him how he's done. In fact, I might call that motherfucker right now. I'm gonna call him right now So he can brag We call this motherfucker right now We're talking about what this means for crypto and how and how we can you utilize it because we missed we How the fuck why why why is how come you made all that money when I was asleep? That's gotta be criminal That's gotta be some kind of criminal charge. That's human trafficking Yeah  I'm on my battleship. Welcome off. So I got 25 bitches coming on board right now. Once I need another group, come on on me. It's OK, no worries. All right, so what happened? This shit just came out of nowhere? Yeah, basically, exactly. It just came out nowhere. We actually, to be honest with you, someone in my like, cobble group chat shit sent the CA quite early to us. So I kind of got the CA pretty early. And I saw it just 8 as soon as I saw it. I'm 8 back to 50k. You overestimate me by a bit. I'm not of 7 hands. I'm only up about 4 and a half. Ah, super broke. Yeah, almost that for a share on. Almost that for a share on. But hopefully soon, soon come, soon come, we'll get to your levels, guys. Well, though, I'm glad someone called it. That's I'm just, you know, for the family. If no one would have called it, I'd be pissed. So I'm just glad somebody called it. That's the most.  important thing. I think our group P&L is literally like a solid like minimum 25 amps bro, minimum 25 amps like the group P&L. Like it's crazy right now. It's literally crazy. And the money that I'm seeing on Twitter right now, the mouth people that are making silly bread bro, like generation or well, like we're talking niggas that flipped fucking 200 K 300 like this, this was the day you logged in and you logged out. You get me. Wow. So how do we think this affects Salana because this is going to change the trenches forever, surely. I mean, because I mean, Trump Trump is the guy, right? So all the people saying that the trenches are bullshit and Celeb coins aren't real and all this crap. This is validated that Salana chain as a whole is validated meme coins as a whole. This is going to be here to stay forever. Well, yeah, when it creates a really big dynamic for celebrity coins, I think there was a lot of hate on them up until now.  But when you have, you know, there's a certain point of like no return where when you have a nigga like Trump, Kren, McCoyne bro, that's like fucking, bro, that's like Michael Jackson deciding to fucking eight-per-ship point. You can't get bigger than that. You don't get bigger than that. And that sort of like adds a certain validity to, you know, the chain and, you know, even for, you know, daddy and other coins like that, you know, we're talking, these coins will be bullish, and it's a five coins, you know, I'm bidding. Because now everything just has a stock price effectively, right? So every person who's famous has a stock price, every movement will effectively have its own stock price. Everything's just going to have a price on chain. And how successful that thing is is going to be directly correlated to the price. Trump is going to be a fantastic president and his coins high. I bet his coin will dump the second he's not president anymore, probably unless he does something amazing. And we have daddy, which is directly linked to me. So when I'm free and I'm flying the world that-  That's gonna blow. So it's interesting now, we're living in a world where everyone has like a price on their head almost. Exactly. It's like that's a perfect analogy, right? Like, perfect way to put it. So now the question is, do we have to do this with everything? Or do we not do with everything? Because you don't wanna look like your cheap, or you don't wanna look like you're trying to cheapen things, but perhaps this is just the new world where everything needs a price and everything's tokenized. And how successful that thing is is directly correlated to a Salana price. Because if that's the case, because I'm very serious, I'm gonna become Prime Minister. Well, I'm Prime Minister, I'm sending the feds first to your house to get some of that money you just got. The first thing I'm doing is decal rating you. But when that's done, I'm serious about vote brawl. I'm making a very serious political statement, which is why I didn't wanna heavily endorse a coin, but fucking Trump is. So it's like, now I'm sitting thinking, does vote brawl need to endorse official coin or not? I think it does personally.  I think that we should definitely talk about that. But I think that I think Rob's going to be a heavy coin, Rob. I think I agree with what you say. I think everything becomes tokenized these days, as soon as Elon says any word to Margie has tokenized. They used to do that with me as well, I remember. I think they still do. Every time I say any word, there's a token. Who do you think, Rob? When you made the prop, maybe like a thousand, two thousand coins, like the whole prop and the deployment of Rob. But you know, this is validity. Yeah, so if Trump's doing it, then I guess anyone can do it. And then I guess perhaps, okay, here's my question. I'm just talking out loud. Does the prop party having a coin dept tremendous as a political movement? Does it cheapen it as a political movement? I'm serious about becoming Prime Minister, and I'm very serious about running elections. Do you think it's a bad thing to have a coin directly linked to it? Well, here's the thing people need to understand. It's very important. When people buy...  coins, they're PVPing each other, right? There's a certain difference between a coin like, I don't know, let's say the TRW coin, which will be genuine utility, genuine buybacks, genuine, you know, things like that, and a coin like Braw or, you know, whatever, like Daddy, whatever. These coins are tokenized, you know, PVP, people versus people, everyone against each other. And to be honest with you, I think tokenized stuff is really fun. I think buying tokenized versions of things is really fun and good. I make, you know, it's my fucking bread and butter. But my problem with, you know, calling stuff out, you know, obviously it causes some, you know, certain backlash and problems because people start buying and selling and someone has to lose. You get me. But with the Braw Pi in my opinion, and this is why I've stuck with the Braw Pi coin, and I've mentioned it a few times on my Twitter. I think it's true. Like on like, a trenches.  level it's extremely bullish but you'll talk in you know it's a it's a fucking political party there's a lot of you know outside involvement you're huge you know I think that I think that before before the UK and the US always has by the way we're talking at a very old time for the world right now we're talking 7 a.m. in K time I think whenever everything awaits we should probably you know I just don't want to be standing at him as and as a member of parliament and these motherfuckers saying you're not a serious politician because you launched a meme coin that's the reason I didn't want to push a broad coin so hard but now Trump's done it I feel like I can just say yeah fuck you who doesn't have a meme coin you're behind the times dummy exactly yeah I mean now it's like it's huge but yeah he's dead oh I'm gonna call you back in a bit I'm gonna scroll up and down Twitter and see the madness  this has happened. I'll call you back. Wild, wild, never sleeping again. Never sleep. Guys, just stop sleeping. It's not worth it. Never sleep again. Incredible. Let's see what's happened all over Twitter. What do we have here? President Donald Trump account on the X hacked. He launched a meme coin. No, it wasn't hacked. Made in three. Let's take a second away from the insanity to try and solve this mate in three. Right. So there's a nice check on the square that the queen is on. So I'm thinking Queenie seven, check. Queenie seven, if the king takes them, we have night C six, check. And then we have he goes back to E eight.  And then we have Knight F6 mate. If Queen E7 he takes with the rook, then we do it the other way around. Knight F6 and then Knight C6. Put the right answer. Queen E7. Queen E7, yeah. Do I have a chess scan tool here? No, do you see it? Queen E7. That was a nice one. That was fun. Anyway, back to the D Gen. The Trump pump. Gentlemen, let's be professional here. I'm a person who never really misses being lucky, because I'm a very lucky man, but I missed on this whole Trump pump thing. I missed on this whole coin. I missed on all of it. But I still feel very optimistic. I feel like there's an opportunity here somewhere. That's just how my mind works. Something's happened, which means more things will happen. So let's ask professionals trying guests.  what's gonna happen based on the back of this Trump pump? President-elect Trump officially launches Trump crypto coin on Salana. Is the price of Salana gonna go up? Probably. I need a whiteboard. Where's the whiteboard? Let's write down things that we think will probably happen based on the success of this Trump coin. And you can just understand how I'm gonna plan for the future considering I missed out on this. Let's see. Let me flip this around the other way. Right. So, first things first, because if you haven't caught this pump either, you should be sitting at home mad. Because you missed out, right? But we can sit and we can cry about it. Or we can try and take the best next move. What's the best next?  to move we can make. The best next move is this. One, I think we could all agree that Trump is going to embrace cryptocurrency for the United States. The strategic reserve, I would argue, the odds of it happening have substantially increased because everyone was sitting around going, is he going to get a Bitcoin reserve? Well, if he's launching a Salona coin the day before he becomes president before his inauguration, he's probably going to have a cryptocurrency reserve for the United States and he's definitely going to have Bitcoin inside of that strategic reserve. So the first thing I would argue is, Stratres, strategic reserve, the odds of that happening have monumentally increased. Which means it's going to be good for primarily.  The large layer ones, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Salana. This is all just a guess, but it's a pretty easy guess to come to. Two. Salana has been verified as a serious, not just chain, because there's always been a serious chain. But as I was saying to the daddy dev earlier, I have a strong feeling now, nearly everything's gonna become tokenized. And Trump doing it has legitimized things to the point where nearly everything can have a stock price. Daddy is the Tate stock price. As I get free, and as I do more and more amazing things, the price of daddy will go up. If I'm stuck here on house arrest, there's a lull, there's a dip. So you can sit now as a crypto trader and sit and think, do I believe that Tate's gonna be free and do more amazing things in future than he is now? Yes, okay, then I can buy daddy.  I have a stalk directly linked to my name. Trump now has a stalk directly linked to his name. And him validating someone like Trump coming along with a Salana meme coin means it's very hard for anybody to shit on or say bad things about the idea of Salana meme coins. Now nearly everything's going to end up tokenized. There's going to be a stalk attributed to nearly everything. It's going to be very interesting. Vote, Brob was a super serious and still is a super serious political movement. I will become Prime Minister of the UK. I'm already working with my King Council's getting the entire electoral party set up completed. I will become Prime Minister. People asked me, Andrew, you should have a vote, Brob coin. I said, no, I don't want anything to be taken away from the political movement. But now, after this morning, I don't think that having an official vote, Brob coin, damages the vote, brob movement at all. So I think we can officially endorse a coin now as Trump has. So vote, brob, will have...  a stock. And as that party gains momentum, as members of parliament are voted in, if I becomes PM, then the stock price will skyrocket. So now there's going to be a direct cost, a direct price affiliated to many things on the Salana chain or any other chain tokenization as a whole. How can we expect this to affect society overall? I think it's a very interesting idea where everything has a permanent tokenization. And some of them are going to be officially adopted. If they're not officially adopted, what you have is the situation I'm in. Every time I tweet anything, somebody makes a coin and fucking runs with it. So it's sitting going, I don't want to be a shill, but if I don't make an official coin that doesn't get rubbed, other people make a coin using things I say that do get rubbed, which I guess is worse, perhaps.  So you have to sit there and understand, do you want a bunch of people rugging people in your name or do you want to have a whole bunch of official coins attributed to your name? But then you have the stress and the obligation for those coins to be run correctly and anybody doesn't make money on those coins may be mad at you. I'm just talking out loud. If I start tweeting, fireblood. In fact, now I've said it. Well, that's some motherfucker. Yeah, here we go. Bunch of rugs. Don't buy them. So when I say anything, somebody's rugging and stealing money in my name. Is it better that I have an official fireblood coin? If I have an official fireblood coin that nobody can steal money based on my supplement anymore.  Maybe we should do a poll. Let me do a poll on Twitter. So this is the difficult conundrum we find ourselves in. Whether you officially endorse a whole bunch of coins yourself or if you allow people to steal and rug in your name endlessly. And I feel like Trump doing what he's done perhaps is lending credence to the first point. I want to connect this phone, this speaker to my phone, disconnect it from here. I'm going to call him back and see what he says.  b no not So Solana is going to go up. Next, now it never works. Just speaker shit. We need to buy another one. Just buy something else. This stresses me out. The tokenization of everything. Everything's going to become tokenized. So let's run through these again. Strategic Resort.  The idea that Trump is going to build a Bitcoin's national reserve for the United States is probably I would argue the odds have increased considering he launched a Salana meme coin, which is a much smaller chain than the Bitcoin chain only a couple days before his inauguration. Second, this is massive for Salana. It's good for the chain as a whole. If you don't have Salana as a layer one, you probably should tokenize a should of everything. Everything's going to be tokenized and have its official stock price. So I can see a future where every single time a celebrity does anything the price of their coin goes up every single time a political party is successful the price of their coin goes up this mass tokenization event is going to happen. It's already happened, but it can be cheap and it looks cheap for some people to have too many tokens affiliate to them. However, if you don't have your tokens officially endorsed, then people just rug in your name. That's what's super important for people to understand that people like me, I have a dog because I'm a human.  and my dog exists. And people will make coins based on my dog and steal from my fans all day long. The only way to really stop that is for me to have an official coin for my dog. So that people have an official dog coin so that they want to invest in my dog. I mean, he's a great dog. I wouldn't say he's a business genius, but he's a fantastic dog. There's an official dog coin. That's why I started it to prevent all the rugs. So the G coin exists, it's there. So with mass tokenization, there's a mass adoption but in certain scenarios, like my one, it actually puts you in a quite a difficult position because you don't want to look like somebody who's just launching loads of coins all the time, but you're trying to protect your fan base. So how can we benefit from these things? I'm gonna scroll up and down Twitter again. I'm also gonna take a piss. I've literally just woken up guys. I woke up to all this madness and said fire up an emergency meeting. So I'm gonna take a piss. I'm gonna scroll Twitter up and down and I'm gonna see what the trenches are saying because right now there's gotta be a huge liquidity.  vacuum or vortex. Everything has to be every single piece of Salana that exists inside of anyone's wallet has to be flooding into this trump coin and I want music. I want this to work. So I'm going piss.  And guys, I've said a bunch of times before how important it is to always be in a position position to get lucky. You only land a lucky punch on your opponent if you're in the right position in the first place. If you're not in the ring, you're not going to land a lucky punch. So for you to get lucky, based on what just happened, well, one, you had to be awake, which I failed at two units.  to have Solana loaded that you're prepared to risk and lose. But even now in this current scenario, how do we get lucky based on what we know considering that time march is on and the pump has initially happened? Well, based on these three things, right? The strategic reserve, do you have capital to deploy into Bitcoin, Solana or Ethereum today, knowing that there's a very strong chance, Trump in the coming week may ratify into law a strategic reserve for the United States of America, which will double or triple their prices near instantly. If you don't have money for that, I don't know what you've been doing with your life because everyone has talked about this for months. I've talked about the importance of getting cryptocurrency and getting money for years. We talked about Trump, perhaps, causing and starting a strategic reserve. And now that's becoming more...  more likely than ever before. If you're sitting around like a dumbass, still not prepared for this opportunity that I don't know what to say to you, I may have missed the pump on this Trump coin, but that doesn't matter to me. I'm looking at the positives here. 0.1 massively benefits me because I have over 1,000 Bitcoin. So people may have caught this pump on this Salona coin. That's fine. For me, I'm more excited about the idea of a strategic reserve for Bitcoin. That's more exciting to me because that's what I have more of. Salona, I have 30, 40, 50,000 Salonis sitting somewhere. Once again, that's good for me. That's the Salona chain has been validated and tokenization of celebrities is also good for me. It's good for daddy, it's good for all the students inside of the real world. It also means the bruv party can now have an official coin. So I'm gonna ratify and endorse a bruv coin. And I'm gonna put on the bruv Twitter.  because now Trump's done it, I can do it. So even though I missed the initial pump, all of these things are good for me. You should be taking advantage of these opportunities. You guys have to think this way. You missed the coin, you missed the pump, fine. What does this mean? How can I make money in the secondary and on the third levels? Can't get it to work. That speaker's trash, yeah, we can buy a new one. Okay. Now this is what we teach inside of the real world. How to react quickly. First, you want to try and catch things, but if you miss them, there has to be a secondary and third opportunity. So gentlemen, you can't get lucky unless you're in a position to get lucky. I've been telling you, I think it was a hundred thousand watch party.  When I was screaming at you saying the fact that Bitcoin is at 100,000 and you don't have any is criminal. You should be furious that you don't have any Bitcoin. Now you should be furious that the strategic reserve is coming and you don't fucking have any. That's a lot is going to go to 500 to coin and you don't have any. The everything's going to be tokenized. If you're inside of the real world, you know more about me than most people do, which will allow you to swing trade or invest heavily in something like daddy extremely easily. The mass tokenization of important movements, people and things. I see coming in 2025 and 2026. Clip this. What this Trump coin has done. Clip this. What this Trump coin has done is usher in the mass tokenization. Of society. Every single celebrity.  And I mean real celebrity and there's only 10 on the planet most celebrities aren't celebrities being a singer and releasing a shit song on Spotify Or releasing a good song on Spotify. It doesn't matter. It doesn't make you a celebrity because nobody likes you for you You having a song doesn't make you like well nobody cares Real celebrities are Elon Trump me and about three or four other people who are celebrities on their own back Just because of who they are There's very few of us But true celebrities are going to be heavily tokenized. That's the first thing that's going to happen Second thing is going to happen is political movements are going to be tokenized Or anything which manages to capture attention globally is going to end up tokenized So this mass tokenization is going to leave huge opportunity To profit if you can get inside information advanced information or get proximity to Tokenized assets. This is something very important to keep in mind  So let's say I was going to find members of parliament for the broke party. And let's say I messaged the war room and told the war room, I need members of parliament. Here's how many places that we're going to run for political office. Here's our constituencies. Here's how we expect to do. If the broke party had a coin, you would have inside information that would allow you to profit off the tokenization, the mass tokenization of things. And now it's been legitimized by Trump. So I think the broke party will now need a coin. There wasn't going to be one. Now there's going to be one. And I'm going to make sure that gets fixed today. But more importantly, is this strategic reserve? How can you benefit from the fact that the United States of America is very likely to adopt Bitcoin into a strategic reserve? How can you benefit?  fit from that. If you don't have any money, this is a thought experiment. I don't want to give you a hyperbolic hypothetical scenario. I want us to be professionals here. How can you benefit based on point one if you don't have any money? Now you should have money because you should have been preparing for this and I've been talking about it for years. I have been talking about the price of Bitcoin for years. I've been talking about how important it is to get rich for years. I've been trying to get you to join the real world for years. I've been telling you, I'll be telling, I've been telling you that you're going to run out of chances for years that the gate's going to close, that it's have yachts and have knots. Get rich now or never get rich. Retire your bloodline. I've been talking about this for years. But let's assume you're an idiot and you've ignored everything I've said up until this point, like a dumbass. Well now let's do a thought.  How can you benefit from the large potential there's going to be a strat res without having any money? We're going to scroll up and down Twitter and we're going to talk about exactly that. The simple answer is you should have some fucking money, of course. See what the world's saying about this coin. Daddy Trump. Oh my God. Coffee's ill as such a fucking loser. You can't have a brand just hating on people all the time. I know he loves attention, but if your brand is just I'm a professional hater, bro, get a life. Imagine trying to insult the president of America. Oh my God, his coin. He's the president. You're a fucking YouTuber. And you're not even a very famous one. You're just a professional hater who's five foot six. Like, bro, fucking chill out. Token up.  So Lana coins are here you constantly crying about it I know it gets you the only way you can get views because no one watches you for anything else But if you actually imagine how pathetic that is Everyday waking up finding someone to just moan at he used he used to do good exposés He used to and he always makes fun going people you you used to respect me before I did you no He used to actually find like scammers now anyone who makes money is a scammer anyone in his world Oh Anyone who does well with their life he has a problem with Fucking how you gonna hate on Trump from the most successful meme coin launching history 80% is owned by one wallet. Yeah, probably fucking Trump dummy Who the fuck else you think is gonna own 80% look at what you think he launched it for you didn't gonna own any of it Let's try his fucking Trump Fuck off dickhead. It's always some total pussy  Of course, 80% owned by Trump. Jesus Christ. I don't know who bow low to his. I don't know these people are. If Baron did this, he's a fucking G. I'll find out. I'll message him later. I bought Greenland with a meme coin. We do live in a simulation. 13 billion market cap. Absolutely incredible. Joe exotic is the out. I was supposed to save him. Remember, and then I got locked up myself. Is Joe exotic? Now, remember, what I was going to save Joe exotic?  Maybe we have to reignite saving Joe exotic. Save the Tiger King. Get imparted. No. I was gonna save Tiger King. Find the old clips and be promising to save him. Then I got locked up my fucking self. Maybe the matrix knew that I was gonna save him so they locked me up. I'm gonna save Tiger King. Let me write that down on my work list. Save Tiger King. Yeah, let's find that clip.  So you can find it. Got it. Let's put it up. I'm excited for Bitcoin now. I want Bitcoin a half a million. Bitcoin a half a million. I'm rich finally. Finally can buy myself a Bugatti Bugatti. Finally. Maybe I can buy myself 72 supercars. Maybe I can escape house arrest. It Bitcoin goes to 500,000. Maybe I can fucking buy my way out of this shit hole. Guys, let me ask a question. And I'm being deadly fucking serious.  One in the chat if I should just fuck off Romania fuck off their kangaroo courts and just run away Just you know come a gangster they couldn't they can't stop me One in the chat if I should just fucking vanish and cause a huge international incident and become a fugitive and Two in the chat if I should stay here and beat the case and prove I'm innocent You know I'm in it for the laws. I'm that guy if it's funny. I'll probably do it, you know I'll fucking do it. They can come get me fuck off. I don't care Life on the run top G top fugitive But I wanted to prove I'm innocent So you know get rid of all the mainstream media shit, but this is taking fucking forever It's been years. I'm bored. You know, it's taking fucking so long. I'll think about it I think  about it. Imagine I go on the run, thought experiment, how would that affect tokenization? Would there be a tape running coin? Would daddy blow? You know, there's opportunities here. I'm super excited for the strategic reserve. This is very, very, very important, gentlemen, very important. How do we make money? How do we capitalize on these things without money? Well, now it becomes a lot harder to do. And I'm starting to feel like anyone who's not currently understanding that money must be made is born to lose. Like, I don't know what else to say to you because the gap is widening. I was talking on conversation with someone the other day about the fact it's nearly impossible to run a normal little shop in a normal little store on a high street anymore. Starting companies is getting harder and harder.  be fewer and fewer companies, monopolies, which are going to own everything. And the average person is going to struggle inside of a job for one of these monopolies. You're not going to be allowed to have your own business for much longer. All of this is going to become monopolized in the next 20 to 30 years, coupling in AI, all the garkey, coupling in the mass tokenization event. Money is going to allow you to make money better than ever before. Organization is simply a scenario in which the rich can get richer better. A lot of you at home, even if you knew about the Trump coin in advance, even if you knew something I did not know, even if you had advanced knowledge, you didn't have the capital to profit from it. So what's the point in information without money? And then if you have money without information, you're guessing. So what's the point in the money without the information? Both of these things go hand in hand, which is why the real world is so powerful, not only because...  we teach you how to make money, but also because of the network and the community that is provided. These things go together. They amplify one another. So when I was talking about how we can benefit from these things, Stratres, primarily you need to invest in those assets. That's what I would argue. If you don't have any money, then maybe you can go down a rabbit hole of how the strategic reserve will affect the dollar and how it will affect other assets. Maybe you can benefit on the increase or the decrease in the general prices of other assets. If Bitcoin becomes Stratres, I would argue that that's actually in some ways going to hurt property prices because a lot of property pricing is for investment. Why would you invest in property and go through all that headache when you can invest in Bitcoin and you know Bitcoin's going to exist forever? That may damage property pricing. It may increase the strength of the dollar.  you can consider with the strat rise. Salana being a chain, which is now globally renowned, and there's no longer any stigma to be on. The trenches being ratified for you to profit from that without buying Salana is a more difficult one. The mass tokenization event is all about information, knowing it in advance. But we're in a super interesting time. I'm thinking how if I had no money at all, and I was at home, I would be so frustrated because there's so much opportunity here, even I haven't fully worked out exactly what the opportunities are. I just know that I'll be in a better position to take advantage of them if I have money. Now is get money time. It's been get money time for a very long time. But some of you only learn the hardest possible way. You need to have money. You can risk now to try and escape. What else?  What's going to happen? Well, let's tie to these tokenizations. We have personality and politics because Trump is a personality and he's politics, right? So we have personality and politics. This puts me in a good position because we have daddy for the personality and we have bruv for the politics. Daddy and bruv. So that puts me in a very good position. Solana, I have a bunch of, I'm in a good position. Stratres, I'm prepared for, I'm in a good position. I've been for a very long time. Four, what else we can analyze? Well, we need to see how  the media reacts because we're watching Twitter and we're going to scroll up and down Twitter again in a second. But how is the media going to react to this positively or negatively? I'm guessing negative puts a strump. How is the media going to react when the coin inevitably slows down or goes down? Is there going to be some kind of serious backlash? Again, this is important guys. It's important that you analyze this because you have to keep this in mind. If the media gives him a hard time, if every single time he doesn't interview he's being hammered, if the MSM constantly prints bad things about him, if there is a whole bunch of negative stigma which is attached to him for this coin and its performance in the future, does that make it more likely or less likely that somebody's going to have a coin at his stature? So how the media plays out actually is going to be an interesting tell on how-  quickly the mass tokenization of life comes into place. I do believe tokenization is the future. I actually literally see economies being each country being tokenized to the point where you can simply invest in our country's economy or based you could invest in a country's performance based on its token. And this is going to be the global race for wealth. GDP will be tokenized to the point where if you believe America is the best country in the world that offers the best standard of life you'll buy the America token which will incentivize governments to finally perform for their constituents which they don't currently do because if you could buy any token in the world today based on a government you might buy Dubai or Switzerland or Japan. I don't think that many people would have bought America before Trump. Now Trump's in the Trump token the America token would have skyrocketed. So perhaps future GDP's of countries are going to be tokenized within our lifetime.  It's very interesting where this can go. When there's emergency meetings over, I'm going to be spending a whole bunch of time. I'm going to get with my team inside the war room. And I'm going to talk about tokenization of events and how this can affect everything, what I see coming and perhaps what we can do ourselves to benefit. It's very interesting scenarios, a very interesting mindset. One of our LMSTR is going to perform as a stock if the Strat Reses confirmed. Surely that's going to blow to the moon as well. There's so much opportunity here. Let's see if he's still online.  So the future is here. Trump launching this coin just cemented that the future is here. Tokenization mass tokenization of all assets is coming. Salana is here. crypto is here. You can no longer ignore these things. You can no longer pretend it's not the future. You cannot hard cope into saying, well, I don't have any Bitcoin, but Bitcoin is not the future. Yes, it is. It's now done. The line has been drawn. You can adapt or you can permanently lose. The poor people are going to be the people who were previously rich, but  not adapt. If you have a $1 million house and no crypto and you're not interested in crypto and you're sitting around with your house and your wife and you're not paying attention, you will soon become broke. Because as things adapt, as things change, the value of your value of your house will decrease and by the time you finally get your act together, the opportunity cost that you're going to be forced to pay for your ignorance and your delays is monumental. It will largely shadow any wealth you've managed to acquire thus far. So the future is here. You must adapt. You must prepare for it. I've been saying this for a very long time. I'm actually quite happy that I perfectly positioned myself. Am I human? Must I sleep? Unfortunately. So I missed the Trump coin. However, am I prepared for a strategic reserve? Yes. Am I prepared for Salon to blow up?  Yes, and I prepared for the mass tokenization of events. Yes, let's talk about each one. How am I prepared for the strategic reserve? Thousands of Ethereum, thousands of Bitcoin, thousands of Salana. I knew this was coming, I bet on it coming, I was prepared for it. How am I prepared for the Salana chain to be validated? I have a whole bunch of Salana. How am I prepared for the tokenization of life? One, I have a good network inside of the real world inside the war room, I'm paying attention to these things. Two, I have money that allows me to invest inside of people or projects that I believe are going to blow up in the future so I can make money off the tokenization. Three, I have my own personal coin daddy, my own personal stock, and I'm going to have my own stock for my political party. So I'm prepared for all of these things. Four, media. I'm going to be closely monitoring the media, but more importantly, I am the media. So I can easily affect how the media views the mass tokenization of the world. I'm prepared and I have adapted for the...  I've been telling you all to do these things for a very long time. If you're sitting at home now with no money, you should be very, very frustrated. I actually feel like today was one of the very important days because I don't think it's going to be a single day. It's going to be a cascade of days where the have-nots and the have-yots, the line will be drawn. There will be a time, something will happen. Maybe it's to strat reserve, maybe it's something else. But something is going to happen where one day Bitcoin's going to become completely unaffordable to you. The idea of being a whole-coiner is going to disappear.  The idea of being a whole coiner is going to disappear forever very shortly. 100 grand, you can probably pull that together. Two million, three million of coin, you can't. So it's very important you understand that today, Trump's adoption of his own personal coin, tied in with these four things, is one of the important days in history where the line was drawn between the rich and the poor's. You don't want to be on the poor side. The rich and the poor's are going to be perma etched into stone. I've been saying this for a very long time, that soon the gap will become so large you do not stand a chance at mobilizing socially to the point where you can save your bloodline. And I've been telling you to make money and prepare yourself for years. So I don't want to repeat myself.  But today was one of those important days. I have a feeling we will look back on this day as one of the days, which was massive for crypto and also massive for the monumental wealth divide, which is 100% sure to be bestowed upon the entire earth's population shortly. This is scroll Twitter, see what people are saying. I want to know if anyone else is talking about these exact things or if everyone else is just complaining that they missed a coin. Have we removed the, join the real world sign-ups? We've removed it from the... Yeah, leave it on.  I'm looking for information guys. I'm looking for feedback. I'm looking for things I can use to benefit my life. I'm looking for gossip. I'm looking for chit chat. I'm looking for information that we can tear apart and say this. It's kind of like, I'm looking for information. I'm looking for information. I'm looking for information that we can tear apart and say this. It's kind of like you're digging for gold. And there's rocks. And we're smashing rocks looking for the little specks of gold. Everyone else is on Twitter just trying to get FOMO or be entertained or waste time. Not us. We're looking for little pieces of information that we can piece together. That will allow us to build to put together that gold watch. So that's what I'm looking for here. A phone.  blowing up. Let's see. See what we have here. People are now throwing millions into Trump's token. This would be the biggest meme point ever. Two hours ago. Interesting perspective. This is Mike Benz. Someone I respect very much who has done amazing work when it comes to exposing the matrix. Let's see what he says here. This is interesting. This ties into point four about media. Is this really necessary right now? What are we doing here? In what world does this work out well? And do we really need a money grab when we just won the election? Are about to take office and no need to fund the campaign?  Are we building a wall with the proceeds? Good question. He's saying, why does the Trump family need money now? What is this for? What is the point of it? Is it to personally enrich the Trump dynasty? You could argue that the point of it was to kick off his crypto, his massive crypto presidency, his crypto, the four years of crypto adoption for the United States. You could argue that. However, that shows that there is going to be some negative media attention around it. That guy is very pro-Trump and very well respected in Republican circles. If you bought the Trump meme coin three hours ago, you've outperformed the S&P since 1980. Unfortunately, I did not. No. 812 convertible going on then.  Trump's flipped Pepe in the market cap two hours ago. That's a lie for the labor party does it was lie. I have to watch this because it's scary. Yeah, fuck that. Yeah, fuck that.  Trump Jr. Let's see what he has to say about this coin anything Oh, he doesn't even mention it interesting Man robots are gonna be so scary when they come to get a soul Where's my mouse gone? It's the daddy dev Trump mean coin breaks records rivals doge in just two hours and a few hours Trump skyrocket 4,000 a And 43% 9 billion market cap overtaken doge massive buys are pouring in Equalities at 308 million Okay, so here's another point perhaps  Like I said, I'm looking for information we can use. Anything Trump affiliated is likely to do well in the crypto space. Trump has proven his, I mean, we all knew it, but he's proven himself as a cultural force and he's proven himself to have the ability to massively move markets. So, Trump. Trump. So, let's quickly, as professionals, let's see what other projects Trump's involved in. Trump. In fact, we can even ask AI. Let's be professionals. Most of you are probably not thinking this way. What else is Trump called to do with crypto? What crypto projects is...  Trump involved. Nice and easy. What we got? Donald Trump has been associated with a cryptocurrency project called World Liberty Financial, WLF. This project announced with Trump his sons his business associates aimed to be a decentralized finance defi platform, WLF. Investor limitations. Let me show you how easy it is to make money. Guys, you can clip this and play it back in future. World Liberty Financial.com, CWLF I token, a level side of the US. You've got a certain number of tokens here. So now I'm going to invest a hundred grand in this. I'm going to throw a hundred grand at WLF. I didn't know what it is. WLF I token. I've done basically no research. You've just seen my research. However, I believe Trump has proved himself as a cultural force.  Him and his business partners are involved with this DeFi platform. If he launches a strategic reserve Which I think he's gonna do if he launches the strategic reserve which I believe he's going to do He's not gonna allow his own project to not be heavily involved His W his world liberty financial DeFi project. So for that reason, I'm 300 grand of this That's my that's my logic guys. That's it In the future if you see me catch a fat pump if this blows up and my 100 gram becomes a million You're gonna say oh, I'll take no lucky. It's not lucky. We've just sat here and analyzed we've analyzed everything The Stratres the tokenization of everything if things become tokenized They're gonna need DeFi platforms. I've been talking about DeFi from way before Husses University I was talking about DeFi anyone has been following me for a very long time So I know all about DeFi Trump proved his power This is something he's involved in anybody who types his name and crypto into GROC or chat GPT will be given this exact web page  Worth a pun. So I'm not throwing some money at it. Because Trump. What else is Trump involved in crypto wise? We're going to make all the money that we would have lost back. This is how you have to be thinking. You can't throw 100 grand at that. You haven't been hustling inside of Hustles University to have 100 grand sitting around.  Now let's be professionals. And let's ask ourselves, who else can do this besides Trump? Everyone who's joining the real world and can see on the left, you're making a very smart decision. Who else can do this besides Trump? Elon's the only one, isn't he? That comes to head. Is there anyone else with this kind of power? It's me, Elon and Trump. Who else is even famous nowadays? Nobody gives a sh-  about anyone else today. Everyone else is a fucking nobody. Okay, so it's me, Elon, and Trump, the most famous men in the world. Fine. What institution or what party or like what can do this, that's not a person. What's famous? What's something everybody knows? You know? Hmm. Hmm. NFTs are bullshit. The thing is, okay, let's analyze. Why does everybody even get inside of a meme coin to try and make money? Everyone's trying to make money. So it has to be a speculative.  event. People have to believe that it's going to go up from the point they buy. What's going to be big in future that's not big now? That's why daddy is such an easy buy because I will be free soon. And everybody knows that I'm going to travel the entire world and own the planet. That's why people understand daddy is such a fantastic investment. But what else is there? Mars. Mars. When we get to Mars, will Mars coin blow up? A few years away though, but that's a very interesting perspective. Mars, yeah, and I must have been done already. Occupy Mars. Already done.  What I'm going to do is I'm going to have long conversations inside of the war room in the real world today. And I might do another emergency meeting later tonight with some conclusions. Because something seismic, something large has happened. We can't, as people, just let something this big happen and not think about it for a while. There's one day of our thought. So we're going to think about the Trump coin. I'm going to keep an eye on the Trump coin. I'm going to see what Trump has to say. I'm going to watch Twitter all day. I'm going to talk inside the war room. I'm going to talk outside the real world. I have capital to allocate. And I'm going to try and find a gap or an opportunity. And then I'm going to make it clear to the war room in the real world first. And then perhaps after that, I can broadcast it to all of you at home.  But there's something here. I can feel it in the room. I just don't know exactly what it is yet. Yet, but I'm gonna work it out. So gentlemen, keep your eyes open. There's gonna be another emergency meeting later today, most likely when I've done a bit of thinking. Before I go, let me look at a few things. The thing that's so interesting is Trump had a whole bunch of coins made in his name before. Obviously, they weren't officially endorsed. But people have been farming Trump as a name forever. And so, I think it's a bit of a shame that he's not here.  He's been informed forever. There's a mate in three. There's a mate in three. Greenland coin. That must have already exist. Is the Trump coin?  Look at that world-liberty financial shaggin world liberty financial And they haven't even sold off the tokens at all What is it even gonna do? I Skrock give me a run down on wlf I will look what is it? What is it? I? Already I've already paid 100 grand now, but fucking curious  Kiddaint cyhai byddfel warenau mesio cymryddiol はいwaerni eu ianai gyntodau b Diddol Kia. celestialom.   I don't know who this guy is because I don't know football. I don't know who this guy is because I don't know football. Pep Guardiola? I don't know. Has finalized his divorce. Reports say he lost his biggest mansion in Manchester and half of his wealth, with most of his properties going to his wife and children. His wife claimed he was too focused on football. Of course he was, that's why he's famous and rich. How do men stop this daylight robbery? Like it fucking married. Hello. All these tradcon conservative dorks who hate me who say, why is Andrew so famous and why is Andrew so followed? And he should, he should be going to the church. They haven't worked out. The reason I'm so famous is so followed is because I actually offer real solutions instead of living in some fucking happy fantasy. These women will rob you fucking blind. They don't care about you. And if you dedicate your life to something like football to become successful, they will then steal all the trappings of your success, complaining that you're too dedicated. And he wasn't too dedicated to football.  There would be no house to steal in the first place. So it's absolutely incredible that all these people are out here trying to be confused as to why I'm the most famous man in the world. Nobody gives a shit about them because I say it how it really is. There is basically no advantage to marrying females in the modern world. There's no point. There used to be tax breaks. There used to be a societal pressure. All of that's gone. You can hate me. You can say I'm bad for society. You can say all these things. That's fine. But if you're a rich man in the world today and you're out there falling in love like a child, like a simp, thinking, oh, I love her so much and marrying these women, you're out your fucking mind. You can love her without marrying her. You can have kids without marrying her and you can take care of her without marrying her. There is no reason why you need to sign up to being destroyed. Hate me if you like. It's the truth. And nobody gets married is a idealistic simp. It's actually extremely j...  juvenile. For you as a full grown man to go, I love you so much. It's gay. You can be gay when you marry a female. Yes, it is gay. It's like a 15 year old love. When you're 14 or 15, you think she's all that special. You're a full grown man. You should have been around the block. During a female alive, you can trust when the knives come out. How do men stop this day like robbery? He shouldn't have fucking married her. Lesson learned. Guess how many bitches have taken half my money? Fucking none. Never. Never. But I really want to marry you. Of course you do. On the top fucking G. Now shut up. Busy trying to work out how to make money from Trump and crypto. I'm not listening. I was about to piss, but the literally is exactly the female mind. I'll get up at fucking six in the morning to do an emergency meeting to talk about Trump and crypto. Then they'll complain. I-  do its work. That's the reason we live in this big ass fucking house bitch. Yeah, but you work too much. I want half the money and to leave. Why? So you can get around with some lazy motherfucker and spend my money and you could just lay in bed all day because he ain't gonna do shit because he's spending my money. Bread. Mr. fucking football here got wrecked. Should've fucking known better. Bro, incredible. Fucking incredible. Where's Trump's token gonna be in 24 hours from now? Up or down? My boy, my G on a jet. Join the real world. Let me retweet him. Learn how to hit a thousand X on a jet. Will hero? Yeah, coffee's ill is embarrassing as fuck.  Today is today a good day to pump daddy. Should I do a daddy pump? Is there love in the air? Here you go. Perfect. Men are in love. Women are in business. Bingo. And Rick with his wife. Look at that bitch. She's like, yeah, look at me. He main character. How long till she steals half his money, too? You mother fuckers better grow up. You mother fuckers better grow up and get rid of this idealistic, Simplove bullshit and don't let these conservative losers tell you, get married. Fuckin' Ben Shapiro, little Jew. All these fucking retards. None of that's real. These women are predators. They are predators. Be afraid. They will take every fucking penny you've got. And they'll believe they have the right to it. You won't be able to convince them not to because they'll believe it's theirs. It's their money. And their mind.  because they had to suffer the terrible injustice of being with you while you made it and spent it on them all the poor things. You're fucking stay sharp gentlemen. I'm the only motherfucker who'll tell you this. All the people who hate me won't tell you this. That's why they hate me. They hate me because they're at home with a wife who henpecks them all day, picks on them all day, and they're enraged internally, but they're scared to tell their wife about that because she'll leave him and take all his shit. So instead they pick on the one man who tells the truth about women. That's why they dislike me because they're scared of their fucking wives. That's why they don't like me. The reason they'll say, Adria, Tate's a bad guy is really because they know I get to live free and do what I want and live with my friends and I have endless children from endless beauty queens and they're sitting at home scared of one woman who yells at them who's fat who doesn't even do as they say. And they're mad at her. They're not mad at me. They're mad at their fucking woman. That's the truth. That's why I'm the daddy. There's your pump and take a piss.  Hımız oldu. Acı doğuş merci За olun beforehand. Bu dizinin betimlemesi TRT tarafından Sesli Betimleme Derneği'ne yaptırılmıştır.  I see if you can find out a little bit more about Trump before we go about these hose distract me with these fucking thoughts and their bullshit. It annoys me that men still fall for this crap, bro. It's like fucking grow up. Bro the fuck up. How many women say to me? Let's get married, but I really love you. I'm gonna shut the fuck up. I ain't dumb. I am not dumb. I'm not fucking falling for your crap. Yeah, they are. They're hilarious. Alright, I want more. What's this?  We'd be in video. But then again, four years of my youth to the right industry, they're all coming to us now. He's right. What did I say about the mass tokenization? He's right. Crypto's here. The future's here. You guys better learn the future. You better learn to see the future. You can learn that inside of the real world. We'll teach you exactly how to do it. For $49. If you're too fucking stupid for $49 to learn the future and prepare yourself for opportunities, you can land a lucky punch. Then you're a dumbass. Sorry. The trader turns 50,000 into a million on Trump coin in under two hours. But the key is he had 50,000. You can't do that because you don't have 50,000.  The SSL certificate was issued on December 21st. So this has been the works for some time. What's happening? Nothing else about the Trump coin. That's all I care about right now, the Trump coin. Look at this guy. This is this bullshit. This is what I mean about these fucking people. They are so idealistic. I don't know this guy is Mr. Banks. The solution. The solution's wiping her up. What happens when she leaves him? How is this the solution? Are you fucking stupid? I just talked about how do we stop this daylight robbery. Took his properties to his wife and children. Then this dumb ass goes to solutions to get a wife and children. She will rinse Ronaldo to the fucking ground.  He will take Ronaldo for every fucking penny. She worked in a fucking store when he met her. He's taken her, made her a somebody, given her these kids. She'll fucking wreck him. And this dummy, Mr. Fucking Banks, because he can't control his dick, is fucking so in love with the idea of, well, I just want to worry for this one, I love my wife. Guys, I'm telling you, from experience, none of you have bad as many women as me. Ever. And the rest of you have a thousand. Everyone's bad ones, rich ones, poor ones. I trust me. You do not want to tie your net worth. You wouldn't tie your net worth to your best friend as a man. And he's got fucking logic. He's not emotional like a female is. You are a fucking idiot if you think this is a solution to anything. An idiot. And this guy's a fucking idiot. Dumb as fuck. Unbelievable. How stupid people are.  Right. Another thing that's interesting is lasting and wants to consider guys. If everybody is over this coin in 24 to 4 a hours, which I feel like they might be, this is also testament to how fast the world is moving. Trump does something monumental, something that's never been done before, something that shifts the goalposts, something that draws a line in the sand, which will never be forgiven between the rich and the poor's. And within a few months, it's never going to be discussed ever again. Within a few days, it's hard to be discussed at all. The world is speeding up. If something massive cataclysmic happened a few years ago, it was news for a very long time. The longest, and I don't want to be arrogant, why do I feel like the longest piece of news we've ever had was my arrest? Wasn't that months and months of them talking about it? I think my arrest was like the longest news cycle.  inside of my arrest, nothing lasts more than a day. Nobody gives a shit. My arrest was weeks. That's how fast the world is moving. So I'm gonna spend all day analyzing. If I come up with something interesting, I'm gonna come and do another emergency meeting. I'm gonna be inside of the real world. I'm gonna be inside of the war room. We're gonna be talking about these exact things. We're gonna identify an opportunity. We're gonna try and be ahead of the next one. I'm ahead of a lot of these things. When I analyze the chess board, I'm in a pretty good position. And I hope you guys understand a little bit about how I think and how you need to think about these things and how the world is changing. If you would like to be inside of today's conversations, you can join the war room. If you're inside of the real world and you're inside of the council, you get a discount to the war room. You can access all of that inside of the council chat. But it's been fun. This has been off the top of my head. Last second, I just woke up and jumped straight on stream to talk to you guys. So thank you very much for coming. But keep an eye on my Twitter account today because there may be another emergency meeting.  later on today, especially by identifying huge opportunities.  So friends that's it. Hope you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video. And we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew. And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel this trap to see video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Andrew date. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only way. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly.  And that's it. See you again. Goodbye.