 And welcome to the Zanthany Dream Johnson, president of the Manusphere CEO of the Red Man Group, founder of 20-Mont Studio's and the 2011 Convention. Here with episode 102 of the Red Man Group Live. This episode featuring a special guest and returning guest to the show, Andrew Cobertate, former World Champion kickboxer, fighter and athlete, and this episode's title becoming a millionaire badass. Not only is Andrew Tate someone I've met interviewed before, you can check out the interview on 20-Mont Studio's and Red Man Group, we interviewed him in Warsaw, Poland. But an amazing guy, an amazing kind of the damn buzzerian so to speak of the Manusphere, I think. And I call him the king of toxic masculinity. He's an amazing entrepreneur, fighter, and there's a lot of interesting things. And I'm happy to bring him on the show once again. Cobertate, welcome back to the show. That was a very good introduction. Thank you very much. Hello. Yeah, man. And where you come from, you're at your home here, right? In Romania? I'm out here in Romania, even we are.  impacted by this virus. I'm on the edge of the world and still we're all locked in our house. So this is it. This is the HQ out here in Bucharest. Yeah, and I say in Sweden recently, too, right? You're in Stockholm. Yeah. So when the whole lockdown thing happened, there was only two countries which refused to lock down. One was Belarus and one was Sweden. So we wanted to go Belarus because I have some friends in Minsk and Belarus is Belarus and we thought this is going to be a crazy place. It'll be a fun party. So we were going to go there. But there was a 14 day quarantine. Like when you arrive, you're supposed to be quarantined for 14 days, blah, blah, blah. We were going to completely ignore that. And by coincidence, someone had come to visit me in Romania where they have the same rule and he was ignoring his. And then by coincidence, as we were discussing it, police knocked on the door to check he was home. Dan. And then we thought, okay, so if we go Belarus and we get call out of our hotel, basically going to jail. Belarus is really hardcore, too, right? Like super authoritarian. Yeah, we don't play games, man.  Belarus you pissed the bell Russians off your they don't care about you. Yeah, I heard about some Poland. Yeah, yeah Yeah, so they're they're hardcore and but their presidents of gene. Do you see what their president said about the whole virus? No, but I'm not surprised. What do you say bro? You're not gonna believe I'm gonna send you the link He said uh 50 milliliters of vodka a day unless you're driving Unless you're driving or working That's the only thing drink your vodka and go to work a B.A.G So he didn't walk down nothing So he's a superhero. So that's let me get Yeah, I'm in the Hungarian president or super savage like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they're really savage like that So um, but Belarus is I mean hungry still has some ties to Europe so there'll still be somebody you can call if you get arrested You get arrested in Belarus who you called it? I'm like why are you there? So develop that the question so then we thought okay, well Sweden ain't gonna do shit So we went to Sweden and just ran around Stockholm acting crazy and parking with chicks and well What's the deal with Sweden because that was really surprising because they're much of feminist fucking losers and shit a lot of  Yep, yeah, they are. Well, so I've heard a few stories. So the reason they're not locked down, I've heard, is that their government is so liberal and it's such a, the way it works. Everything has to be done with majorities and there's so many different parties in government right now and they have this big split and whatever. And the truth is the government doesn't have the power to lock them down. Everything has to go to mandate and I can't get the things through their own parliament. No shit, damn. But the people who do wanna lock it down can't get it past the other parties. We've got this big, what's the word I'm looking for? Coalition, they got this coalition. Yeah. And blah, blah, blah. That's one story I heard. They have a king too, but he's like powerless, I think. Yeah, some powerless king. And then the other three other stories that, I mean, they're doing what England was originally gonna stick to and do anyway. A lot of countries considered this, but just pushed it out, once Trump locked down. My theory on all of this is that it's anti-Trump. When swine flu came and everyone was dying in America, no one gave a shit because the media liked Obama. So he didn't say anything.  bad. If the president was somebody the media liked and nobody said anything bad about the few deaths, then he wouldn't have locked down America, which means England wouldn't have locked down. All these other countries which followed suit wouldn't have locked down. All of this is just because they came at Trump so hard and every single death would be put on Trump's name. They eventually goes, okay, I'll call your bluff and lock the whole country down, then I have no choice. That's what all of this is, man. This is all garbage. When I was in Sweden, no one gave a shit. I put it all on my Twitter. You can watch the whole thread. Everyone's out. Kids are out. All people are out. Cafes are full. Bars are full. Chicks are kiss-entristened. Random. Chicks. Oh, I'm cared, bro. No one cared one percent. And their death rates no higher than anyone else's. This is the thing. This virus on the kills people who know disrespect, but they're not strong enough to resist any kind of illness. These are people who are going to die anyway. How it is? How it is? There's a whole bunch of people who had it and it didn't even affect them. I mean, my view on the, I was saying this to a Swedish girl, I was saying, do you think if, if...  four out of five people don't show symptoms. Do you think the World Health Organization instantly identified this virus? Let's use our brains. Let's use our brains here. Four out of five people get sick, don't even show anything. Oh, why would the World Health Organization jump all over instantly? If everybody got sick and was badly sick, then who would react quickly? But if a whole bunch of people are getting it and no one's even showing symptoms, then who ain't gonna do anything? This virus has been around for a long time, much longer than who have been talking about it since January. It's been around all the last year. You already had Corona, bro. And it didn't hurt you. It's saying it was all a lie. We've, some people have had it and it's fine and some people haven't. And now they've been doing all this testing and building scary numbers. But it's bullshit. Most people have already had Corona. No, I agree. There's definitely some sketchy going on. I've never seen, we'd never seen anything like this. Like what the fuck's going on? So yeah, it's some super sketch. We'll see, but I think Trump's gonna kill it, man. People underestimate him consistently. And I think this is another example that he's just gonna smack him on the, call him or bluff, smack him the face, it was dick. Yeah, exactly. He's called their bluff and he's done a good job.  but his polling numbers are going off and even though people are struggling, you're like, you know what? I actually am happy with how he led the situation and this is ain't gonna hurt him. So they're just idiots man There he is, but yeah, sweet and still not on lockdown and I'm going back next week if they still have a lockdown I'm going back to parts. Yeah, fuck yeah So let's back up a second So not all the fans that are watching this show and that'll watch it later the recording know who you are So it's kind of your backstory in terms of like who you are, you know how you became a yard today Yeah, I know broke you were not a fighter and then your life changed, you know several years ago Yeah, so I was a chess player as a kid. I was a professional chess player and then that was when I was in America and then I moved to I moved to England and there was no chess scene so I decided to start something else to because I was used to putting in hours and hours of Difficult work a day and I decided to fight because To me, they're similar to other people. They say that's a weird jump and I say no, it's not one-on-one war. It's the same So I chose to fight and then I just start turning up at the gym and just go  good. Like I just refused to quit got my ass kicked kept turning up got good at it one fight at a time became world champion and then started making some money with fighting and then kind of stumbled upon this webcam business thing. I needed money even though I was fighting I had my fight was a few months away and I needed money now and I had a bunch of girlfriends and thought this is like this is a long time ago when webcam webcam was new and I kind of you were in Thailand when this is going on right you're in another country. Yeah I was living between Thailand and England back and forth and I was completely broke and when I say broke I don't mean like low on money I mean broke my version of broke is I can't eat like I was broke like and my neck you're eating ketchup or something like that. Yeah so bullshit bro bullshit and my next fight is free months away. Yeah it's like I need money now I'm trying to get a fight and I'm gonna fight me and blah blah blah and then I thought well the whole story is this the whole story is I said to Tristan I'm gonna find a way to so I decided to lock myself in my room I saw something on the internet about my  mathematician, I can't remember his name, he's a famous one, he's a mathematician or a scientist who's a law himself in his room and refused to leave until he solved the problem and he got all these health issues because he wouldn't eat in all this crap. So I thought, I'm going to be like this guy, I'm going to lock myself in the room until I work out and make money. I only want to make like 20 bucks a day. So I'm going to find a way to make 20 bucks a day so that we're not hungry. That was big. That was a lot of work today. So I'm sitting there and I'm looking at all this shit and I'm researching blah blah blah and I started writing down my assets. Like what do I have? Okay, well I have physical strength but I already utilize that fighting. I have this, I have that blah blah. And I got down to the road and I wrote down, well I have a whole bunch of big booty bitches. What can I do? What can I do? I like it. What can I do with these girls? I mean, even opening a strip club, you need investment money. I didn't have investment money. I didn't want no one else fucking my girls. I'm not going to put them on the track. So I'm like, so what is there? And even with fighting, a lot of people think you became a millionaire by fighting, it doesn't really work like that, right? Fighting is like modeling, whereas there's not 0.1%  that have all the money, the ones you can name, and then there's all the other ones who are just as good, who look just as good, can fight just as good, but for whatever reason, just didn't get that contract. I was four time world champion, and the most I ever got paid was 75,000, which is a lot of money, but at least I won twice a year. It's 150 grand a year, you're not a rich guy, you got a car, you got rent, you're not rich. So, and that's world champion, four times. So, and this kickbox, I mean boxing, you can make a lot of money if you have a good promoter, but even then, there's a whole bunch of boxers out there who are fighting every weekend who are excellent, you've never heard of and don't make shit. So, for hard sport to make money, man, it's a terrible career path. But, yeah, so I had all these girls, and then I was kinda looking up, Googling like how to open a strip club, blah, blah, blah, and I accidentally found webcam, and I thought, oh, this is interesting, okay, and kind of one thing grew to another, and I moved back to England, started a webcam company, and it just exploded, and up with 75 girls working for me, and came up with a millionaire. So, that's how it went, it's a story. Yeah, and I see you now transitioning today. I see you teaching courses on only fans and shit like that, because obviously the whole industry...  He's changed every time. Yep, it's changed a lot. Yeah, I've been in it for a long time. I've been in webcam for about six years. At six years ago, it was a lot different than it is now. But now it's so much easier. I mean, back then, even the tech was more complicated. Even streaming video six years ago was like, YouTube was new and it was not paying in the ass. Everything was hard. Now it's so easy. And yeah, I'm teaching guys how to run only fans' companies because only fans is the best hustle in the world. Everyone comes online and hates not only fans' girls. Let's be honest, you and me, bro. If you could take a picture of yourself in the bathroom here and sell it for 300 bucks, you'd tell me you wouldn't fucking do it. I would. Dude, they get more than that too, man. They get tons of shit. Bro, they're gonna do money. There's girls in Orlando that do this. They have all business models for it. They have like a girlfriend experience program. It's like a monthly membership. These dudes pay. They have a whole, it's like a whole entrepreneurial system they have to not. It is. It is. And what I'll tell you though, nine times out of 10 behind those advanced entrepreneurial systems is a man. They're fucking lazy. They're lazy. And they, if you show a woman how to make 500 bucks, she'll think.  Oh, okay, I don't have to work for the rest of the week. If you show a man how to make 500 bucks, he goes, okay, I'll do it again and again and again and again and again. So the women who make the big money have a man behind them, 99% of the time. The ones who make the little bits of money, that's just the female attitude. Oh, I can buy gas now, I'll put my phone away. Yeah, the big one. I'm going to blow it on bullshit too, of course. Yeah, I know blow it on bullshit, exactly. But yeah, so as a man, there's a huge industry in managing only fans' girls. And convincing girls to do only fans and managing their accounts, and I teach guys how to do that now because it's one of the things I do. So when I see all these hoes on Twitter making money on only fans, I don't hate, because I'm like, yeah, that's bought me a Lambo at the fuck. Well, you know what the mic reminds me too? All these little dorks on Twitter, they go after you, they call these girls sluts and this and that. Only fans' girls, the cam girls you bang, or the managing stuff. But when I look at it, first of all, it's all bullshit when they make the fun of us, I think, or they're attacking it, but second of all, those girls would walk all over these dudes. Oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, you couldn't even fucking, you wouldn't even know the first thing, say to this girl, like, shoot, fuck, and just,  make fun of you walk all over you so there's three really interesting points and you got you got an amazing one one when the guy goes oh i've never let my girl let they pretend that if they met a cam girl who looks like my cam girls yeah they wouldn't fuck her because she's a cam girl would want to fuck a fucking life a complete lie you find a bodyguard for the first time in your life you see a ten and you're unhappy with her career choice shut the fuck up and dude they're awesome in bed too because they're yeah it's just fucking dope isn't there savage absolutely and then there's another point too a cam girl is less likely to cheat on you and a cam girl dislikes men most and more most girls she talks to dudes all day every day simp beta losers they lose respect for men by doing their job which means they end up wanting a real G so they're less likely to to go meet some idiot in a bar is gonna say something to him and then be like oh okay i like you they're actually harder to fuck because like i've heard all this before i usually get paid for this shit you better be the man like you know what i mean so break break me daddy fucking break  I'm getting it hard. Yeah, that'd be a beautiful can girls. And then also the third thing about it is, people say to me, oh, but your girl's a host, the can girl, and I try and say, look, I'd rather my girl be in my bedroom, making me thousands of dollars where I know where she is, than working in some office where every dude is trying to fuck her. Yep. Like now I know, no one can touch my girl. They can pay money and they can see some titties, but it's different from an office. In an office you go, guys, trying to fuck her and take her out and she has to be nice to the boss who fancies her and all this. If you have a genuinely hot girl, this is the reality. Yeah. There's nowhere else I'd rather have my genuinely hot girl than my fucking bedroom making me money. What if I got to let her out into the world for? Yeah. So people don't really understand the thing. They just want to come at you with some garbage. And it's bullshit, man. I mean, I, to reiterate this point, you're saying that it's harder to fuck these cam girls and these girls of these guys call hos, than the average girl because they're so polarized. They have so much attention. They have so much attention and they've dealt with so many men, so many betas, and they've, and they've tri-  so many betas and they played mind games with so many betas and they get paid so much money nine times out of ten you need a care girl she's richer than you do you know me like these bitches are rich so you got some rich bad bitch with a bunch of men sending her money every line in the world's been tried millionaires are trying to fly her to Dubai everyone's after and you're gonna go up to her and go oh I like you and she's just gonna bang you is that what you think it's not gonna happen it's not like that like you you need to have enough status as a man for these girls to go okay this guy is he's okay he's the man to even get on the radar yeah they won't even pay they just assume your another fucking chunk this is your another payday they're like okay where's my money yep you they become like that they become ruthless predators so they're all about the money they're ruthless but exact exact I agree 100% super predators man yeah I bang this porn staggers that go actually uh this is back in like 2016 before I mean cam stuff is going on before we do this in there's no only fans yet and shit like that she told me she was making a 300 grand a year and all a little bit of porn and then a lot of escorting from it yeah it was like an advertising thing  in the escort. Yeah, you know, she'd fuck the dudes. Yeah. But it was funny because she made all this money and I believe it or she was like, yeah, I was I made like 350 grand one year, blah, blah, blah, blah. But then she's fucking blew it all on like drugs and fucking cars and shit and nothing left in the end. So it's been. Have you ever read the book? Sorry to interrupt you. Have you ever read the book by Pimpin Ken? Uh-uh. Okay. I'm gonna send you a book. It's a guy called Pimpin Ken, who was a street pimping the 90s and he wrote a book, uh, 50 laws of the game. And one of the laws of the game is a hoe without instruction is headed for destruction. And that's true, bro. You can do it. These women, you don't have a man telling the book to do that or do the exact dumb shit. You just said the dumb dumb shit. They don't know anything. Oh, I want to travel the world. I want seven puppies. Oh, okay. We're stupid. They're ideas. You need a man to come along and say, no, bitch. No, shut up. Give me that money. You go there. Stay. Okay. Work tomorrow just because today was good. Doesn't mean tomorrow is a day off. Don't be fucking lazy. They need instruction. I hope without instruction.  headed for destruction. Pimpin canals. Any of the book. But it's true. Every single law to the game. I read that book after I'd already been in the game for a few years. And it was like, read my life story. It's like, this one. I like it. The hard way. It's like, yeah, 100 percent man. I think that's true for all women. That's all women though. They really need a man in life to lead them. Whether they're on a cam girl or a fucking wife. Like, they need a man to lead them 100 percent of the time. For the reason, the reason for that is because without a man to lead them, they're unhappy. And if they're unhappy, you do dumb shit to feel happy. The reason they run around and do cocaine, smoke and drink and go party is because they're miserable. Because they don't have a man they respect and then they're naturally miserable and then they try and compensate with dumb shit. That's how it is. If they have a man, they truly love. I say this all the time. When a woman is completely obsessed with her man, she doesn't give a fuck about nothing else. She truly loves you. She doesn't give a fuck. If I can see it in my girl, today we're sitting in with that. We're going to we're going to watch paint drive for the next week. Will you watch with me? Yeah, I'll watch with okay. If I'm there, she doesn't give a fuck. She'll watch paint drive with me for the next two months. You know, if you have a girl,  I want to go out I want to go here that that those are the fucking then you got to be like in this Oh, but when they're really obsessed to you, they're not care about nothing else So like your girlfriend, I said this all the time I get messages on Twitter and people are like my girl really wants to travel the world I was like that's cuz you ain't fucking right. If you were fucking or she wouldn't go nowhere Yep, she only wants to see fucking Machu Picchu cuz you ain't got no dick for it. Oh, it is Reality the game. I've just seen this so much. I'm like, yeah, this is a hundred percent true bro Fuck so let's talk about let's talk about money. Let's talk about wealth I mean that's a you know kind of the title of the show and what I really wanted to focus on other the women stuff's a lot of fun This is really good shit Yeah, people people need to listen to you like there's so much bullshit in the manosphere so many con artists and these these losers Yeah, I think you're really savage man. I knew when I met you and just talking to you This a little just a little bullshit to Not only you like hearing your ideas, but this is a little one-liners and shit you throw out an Instagram of these girls Like you cheated on me. I'm like yep, this guy gets it. Yeah, I use that shit all the time. I love it Roman love it. Yeah, you cheated on what?  Yeah, you got to be interesting, but yeah, that's definitely one of my favorite lines. But you're not like it. I kind of learned it's weird. I ended up in the whole red pill space I never really want I just came to Twitter to talk shit You know when Trump went one and I lost my verified account and I've been banned nine times blah blah But um, yeah, my my approach to women has always been how to get money from So I kind of learned the game backward. I've learned the game from a whole different angle So sometimes I say things and people like oh, that's what you've never heard that before Yeah, because I've always approached it from a completely different way like I was interested I have sex with women to get their money I didn't want to have sex with them. I was trying to get the money They're like oh, how do you fuck girl? That's easy. I don't want I don't really want to fuck the girl I want to know she better love me afterwards. I'd be paid. I go rent How do I use these women to make money? That's a great business model no one really but you know what the thing is it's mutually beneficial because people always can't mean go your  Exploiting girls are saying, oh, I'm not. I take a waitress who's making ten bucks an hour. I give her a mansion to stay in I give her good dick and I give her a hundred bucks an hour and then I get two hundred bucks an hour for nothing Win-win everyone wins. There's no exploitation Well, it's not for nothing you got to provide the dick and then the masculinity Yeah, it's true. Yeah, here's a trade But I provide an opportunity and they take me up on the opportunity and they get paid just like any other job Here's a job you could pay dex amount you want to do or not like people always try and they try and twist it like I'm exploiting Where I'm tricking girls there's no trick involved. I mean they can walk out the door anytime they want It's very very clear what's what's on offer and they stay in your work No, they stay because they love it not just the money, but they they love it man We're also gonna get this kind of lifestyle. I mean the yeah, the boredom is a huge thing for them And this is very not boring exactly Consulate you know getting dick down and then camming and making all the money and shit Yeah, and traveling the world and do whatever you want and yeah exactly a huge lifestyle upgrade from so yeah There's no exploitation this win-win for everybody and I have guys come the other time go  like I'm supposed to be like, no I'm not. I'm like, yeah, I am motherfucker. Yeah, I'm a pig. Look at my Lambo, fuck you. So my question is, or what I want to focus on is like, you've made money in a lot of different ways. I mean, as a fighter, you made some serious money, you know, nothing, not millions, but 75,000 fights for real money. You made money in the Cam Girl business. You made money as an entrepreneur, teaching men how to not be a beta bitch, the PhD program, Pimping Host Degree. You, by the way, guys, you can sign up in the link, you know, purchases support Remembrance Group, 100% by the PhD program. But you've made money in a lot of ways. I heard you're not on Twitter, you're focusing on starting a casino, or a couple of them or something like that. So my question is, where does wealth begin? Because I see you as like having, like all the money and the cars and the women, this is interesting, but I'm much more interested, I think the guy's watching, I'm interested in the mindset and the attitude you have, which seems to transfer to a lot of different areas of life, and especially with money, you know, from thing that's an entrepreneur, you don't want pursuit to the next. Yeah, okay, so I'll tell you, I'll tell everyone right here right now how to get fucking rich. I'm gonna tell you how to get rich, and I guarantee my...  and I'm going to fucking do it. Here's how you get rich. If you're a scientist, you never ever wake up, go into the lab, pour the right chemicals and fix the problem. That doesn't happen. You go into the lab, you try some shit, it fucks up, you try some new shit, it fucks up, and you keep fucking around until something kind of works. Penicillin was a mole that grew on accident, a problem with an old experiment. And the dude goes, what's this mole? Oh, it's penicillin. For you know what you have antibiotics. So mistakes, eventually something goes well. So I say this to people, look, how many ways have you tried to earn money? You earn money x-way, how many other ways have you tried? Because you need to try a whole ton of ways and you got to make a bunch of mistakes like a scientist does to find the thing that works. And everyone's heard this before, right? And then they'll say, they have two hurdles to do in that. One, they're lazy. And two, they'll say, well I have ideas, but I don't know how to start. Or I have ideas, but I need money to start. So then what you have to do, and this is one of the things I teach on cops.  to call me my house's university is you have to look at your business ideas and your plans and find a way to remove the need for money to attempt them. So my philosophy on business is this, any business in the world that could genuinely work could genuinely work without investment. People get this idea in the head, I need loads of money. Did you start 21 calling with loads of money? I started with a hundred bucks. Exactly. You don't want to come along with you if you gave you loads of money. So, and every single business I've tried, I will find a way to launch it for effectively free. And if it starts to make money, then maybe I'll put money in. Or then maybe I have some balance sheet I can go to an investor and get money. But everyone has this idea they need money first. I'll give you an example. So, like I said, you want to try lots of different things. So let's say, let's say off the top of my head, you want to try a makeup brand. You're a woman, you want to try makeup brand. So, a woman will sit there. I've had people come to me and go, and don't want to start a makeup brand. Okay. I need 200 grand. Why? I need to get makeup and  I need to get labels, I need to get packaging, and then I'm gonna get it all shipped in, and then dah dah dah, I'm gonna sell some blah blah. That's the wrong way to look at a business. Here's how you start a makeup brand. I say make a fucking website, get some images of makeup. Do your advertising or your marketing or whatever you were gonna do. Put it on the internet without any makeup in stock. And see if you can sell. Because if you start to sell, now you have money. Now you can email each customer and say, sorry for the delay, there's a shipping delay. We're gonna give you a free lip gloss. And now you don't money coming in, you can start to source some makeup. If you don't sell anything, then the idea would have never worked in the first place, and you have it wasted 200 grand on blocks as a fucking makeup. Yeah. You can start everything. You wanna say where I'm coming from. There's a way to start everything without a lot of money on the drink. This answer is my next question was gonna be, what's the litmus test used to evaluate deals? Cause I'm sure you have a lot of deals thrown at you all the time. Everyday. Everyday. It's really, I like what you're saying a lot, because you're saying if you can't start it for free, then you should, you should,  You don't deserve any money anyway, you're gonna blow it. You're gonna blow it. They're trying to offload responsibility on you or an investor is what they're doing, I think. That's exactly what we want to do. And they want a nice office and they want to have fucking pay their personal bills and they want to go to the office and fill it with the big man with their investment. See everyone has a good idea now because tech companies raise billions and have no profit forever and then turn into like a super billion trillion like TikTok and all the shit. That's not real world, they're not going to invent some TikTok app, okay? That's one in a, you have better chance of winning the lottery. And in reality, if you have a good idea and it will make money, you can find a way to do it for effectively free. Especially with an online business, I said before, if you want to sell something online, do all the marketing you were gonna do, get the website up and see how many you sell. At worst case, you send the money back. But then you can come to me and say, look, I sold 400 of these, I didn't have the money to get made by sold 400. If I had a maid, I could have made this much profit. You could come up with you with something. Instead of saying, I need a million dollars and I want to get this shit made, then I'm gonna try and sell it. It's a wrong way around. So once you,  understand that in your matter, any business, you can attempt with hard work and no money. Then you get to do a scientist did. Well now I can try everything. And before you know it, something's going to stick and you're going to start making some money. It's really that simple. And I say this to people all the time and they go, yeah, yeah, yeah, and then they go back to them. But that's the reality of it. And on corporate data call myself Hulsler's University, which is 100 lessons. And what I've just told you is one of the lessons. But it's very, very simple. If you can approach entrepreneurship from that perspective, if you can approach it from that perspective, then you get to try a whole bunch of shit and you don't lose. I say this to my, I say this to people all the time. If you don't blow money, it's very hard to fuck up. Like, what's the, okay, you start our company and you don't blow your money. What's the worst that can happen? You close? They don't want to face the risk of the failure in rejection, the emotional. That's what it is. But the first is, yeah, the first is the exact. But if you don't give a shit and you're just all about the money, then what's the worst that can happen if you don't blow money? Nothing bad can happen. Like nothing.  Actually nothing bad could happen. People just had this idea, a lot of I only had 100 grand. I could, I'm like, listen, if you could do this idea of yours, you wouldn't need 100 grand to do it. I started Cam girls with fucking nothing. You start 21, calling with nothing. You speak to most people who started businesses, they started with nothing. Everyone has this, it's the tech industry that's given up on this dream of this seed investment garbage and will operate at zero profit for eight years and then we're gonna make money. Come on, fuck off, it's the end. So, and this is the first thing about making money and the second thing about making money is a very simple thing, man. People don't think about money. When I was broke, all I thought about was money. If I was in a coffee shop, I was sitting in a coffee shop with my coffee and I was looking around at all the other people in the coffee shop. How many people are in here? Who bought cake? What's the average spend? How much is the rent here? How much does that member of staff? Do they sell sandwiches? No, they don't sell sandwiches, why not? Oh, most of the people in here are men, business men. Why is the waitress not attracted? The waitress is a fat bitch, why is that?  If I was next door, would I make more money if I did this, this, this, and this? How much would it cost to do this? That was how my brain was. All I talked and thought about was money. The only people I hung around with talked about money. When I sit down with my friends, they'd be like, how are you making money today? Well, I'm selling drugs. How are you making money today? I'm selling black or gold dudes. How are you making money today? Well, I don't even go rob them, motherfucker. I do the worst people in the world. But all they did was talk about money. So I didn't sit around and talk about anything else. I didn't think about anything else. I've attempted so many things. And the truth is, about half is the made me some money. But when I discovered cam, I knew I discovered the gold and fucking A. But before I tried so many different things, I was always finding, I always had a way to find money. I mean, I'm afraid that you weren't afraid to fail so it sounds like good courage. Yeah, I didn't give a shit. I mean, I was gonna ask as well, like what's the relationship between you being a fighter and you being an entrepreneur? And the link to me just hearing you talk seems to be the will and courage. You have the will to fight, the will to experiment, the will to succeed and the will to fail. And then keep going and going and going.  Absolutely. Absolutely. I think another thing about fighting to teach you is that it's kind of all or nothing. So My view to money always was I either want to be a multi-millionaire or I don't want to work at all So my view is very much like I'd rather have my freedom and train and just bang girls on the beach in Thailand and live off 20 bucks a day So I could afford noodles then work and be some middle income You know go to work every day sit on the sit on the motorway. I can pay my bills. I don't have much left I'd rather it was all or nothing for me. It's the same with fighting either winner you lose I either want to part at all or I didn't want to play the game I didn't want to play the game. I didn't want to be in the middle So for that I was always prepared to do sacrificial shit I was always prepared to go crazy or try crazy idea because Like I had to pull something off like people would I go off for all the time Hey, man, you can come I go off for it in Oslo You can come and you can train people are gym and it's three grand a month and you get a free apartment You get to live in Norway and there's hot girls and you get to hold pads and you can still train  And I was still like nah, no, no, I don't want to work. I still got a job. No, I don't want to fucking hold pads with some dickhead. No. I want freedom. And freedom either comes from being completely broke or rich. That's freedom. Everything in between is a form of slavery. So I was always trying to jump between the two. And sometimes I had a whole bunch of money. And sometimes I had nothing. And then it kind of worked out well and I've ended up on this guy. But that's how it was. Did I do the same thing, man? Like be out the yin yang and the title waves of the shit up and down broke. Really, you know, wealthy and all that stuff. And most people who most people who make it in the end, when you talk to the big boys, they've everyone's been to the same shit. I've been bankrupt. I was rich. I was bankrupt. I was rich. It's sour goes and and it's just about having that mental resilience. Like I know if I lost everything today, I wouldn't be like, oh, I just feel like a time to work. I can't imagine you. I can't imagine you be like, oh my god, see? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's just crazy. Is it? Yeah, like I'm like, oh my god, you can't be like that. You'd be such a-  I'd be like, okay, let's fucking knuckle down, let's get some hose, get some wet. Is that like a fight? Have you ever lost a fight? Yeah, I've lost fights. Is that similar? Yeah, it is similar. And losing a fight is the worst thing in the world. That is the closest I've ever been to feeling depression. You walk through life and you're the fucking man. And then some dickhead from Dagestan beats you. It's like it's taking your ego, it's taking your pride, it takes your soul, nothing can make you feel better. Pussy doesn't make you feel better, money doesn't make you feel better. Losing a fight is the worst feeling in the world. But the only thing that I'll make you better is getting in there and beating someone else up afterwards. But that's the only possible way to feel good. Why do you think that is? Because you could have died, or your brain thinks you could have died or something like that? Because there's something, yeah, there's something primal about the idea that I do that has beaten you up. Yeah. It's primal. It's like he beat you up. Like that, because the bottom line of all encounters is violence. I still believe this. I don't go for fucking, if you and you were arguing and you outsmart me and you say a bunch of sarcastic comments and maybe look stupid and that I smash your jaw and feel the f**k.  your face. I still win. Yep. Who gives a fuck? Like, you know, like, it doesn't matter. Violence is the bottom line. Violence is the common denominator. Well, Stixon, Stalin's may break my bones, but words will never hurt me. But fist, too. But fist, too. Exactly. And as much as people don't understand it, or will deny it, men still operate in a combat of nature. I know that if I walk in a room, people can smell I can fight. And I can, I will see more eyes on me in a nervous disposition for men. There'll be a bit more like who's this guy than if I wasn't me. I see a normal guy coming. No one cares. I walk, me and Tristan walking together. They're like, oh, whoa, who the fuck are these? They're too big dudes. And something about the way we walk. They could probably tell. You can smell it a bit. And like, we're all primal, we're primal creatures. So when you go to the other day, you said, uh, it takes a killer to spot a killer or something. Absolutely. 100%. I've said this before. I've been in the club and a guy's walked in and I've tacked Tristan's shoulder and I've pointed like I can  and tell by how he fucking walks that guy can fight. And two hours later, he's kicking the fuck out of all four security guards. I can see it, like it's weird. It's almost like when you fight, you can tell a fight or buy it the way they walk. And I don't, even I can't tell you how, there's just something about it. You can see it. I was like, I knew that guy had hands. I was just fucking knew it. So, there's something, so when you go through life, and you feel like, and you're like the line, and then you lose, it's like a self-image crisis. It's like a self-image crisis. I don't know. Yeah, am I who I think I am? Am I full of shit? Who's this idiot? How did he win? You start to struggle with those things, but the only thing you can do is just be mad about it. Get off and fucking go fight again. But then every fight afterwards is scarier. Because you just, you know, you lost. You've had a tasty reality. Yeah, yeah. It's easy to be brave when you're on the feet. Yep. But when you start losing, then you're like, ah, fuck. Well, it sounds like it's part of learning about yourself as a man too. And in business, I think that...  That's been my experience tonight. It sounds like that's been yours as well. You learn about this shit as you go up and down with it. Yeah, absolutely. And you're gonna struggle and there's gonna be times, but you're just gonna see, like, am I a warrior or not? Some people ain't cut out for it. Some people can't deal with distress. I say this all the time. Your ability to deal with stress. The amount of stress you can deal with as an individual is directly correlated to your success level. If you can deal with stress all day, you're gonna be successful. If you collapse under stress, you're not gonna be successful. There's no way to the top without stress involved and bullshit and things going wrong. The virus is fucked or convention up. It's fucked my casinos up. Like, who's all this coming? Nobody. Like, it's just this is life. You either ready for it and you're either gonna be a man about it or you're gonna be a little bitch. But if you're a little bitch, then you're never gonna succeed in anything in life. Money or anything else. So, this is where it is. Well, here's my next question. This is a good follow up. So, I think there could be a difference between creating wealth and finding it, generating it, and keeping it, and maintaining it. So, is there a distinction?  between those two, creating wealth, versus keeping it over time. Because obviously you got the ups and downs of business and life and shit, but people can also take, you know, there's predators, there's women, there's men, people can take your shit. So what's the mindset difference between those two or the difference between those two, creating it, and risk keeping it? Yeah, that's a really good question. I think that, it depends how you're making it in the first place. So I've always kind of been focused on cash flow, money in. So my philosophy's money in. So I spend a lot of money. I'm not a fruit, I'm not a fruit woman at all. I blow money. But as long as my income, Dude, you're so beta, you blow money on women, bro, what the fuck, bro, you buy girls dinner, what the fuck? Oh, I know, great. But if I know my income is secure, I don't give a fuck. If I know I'm gonna get 100 grand next week, I'll blow 100 grand today, cause I know it's coming, so I don't care. That's how my attitude to money is. So one is how secure is your cash flow. Like, do you have a cash flow that's genuine secure? I am lucky with webcam, but girls, cause I know it's one of the most secure industries in the world.  extension proof, virus proof, pandemic proof, Christmas, New Year, 365, 24 days. You come at me with some bullshit. There are girls online and there are dudes sending them money. So I'm quite lucky with that. It's part of the roof right now, right? It's quite a good way. I got girls making $2,000 a day. Wow. Yeah. There's nothing. There's 100% margin. Yeah. So it's good from that perspective. That's one thing. But another thing in regards to protecting your wealth, I think a lot of that's common sense. A lot of that's ruthlessness. And I know it's not easy in the West because like you have women and they can take your stuff and blah, blah, blah. Let me give you two lawyers and shit. I'll kind of bullshit. But this is another thing I teach in my house to university courses. 100 lessons. Another lesson I teach is you go and make sure you feed yourself. So it's easy when you get a baby like your business and your company and you love your baby. You need to reinvest in it. Of course you do. But there has to come a point where you look at the balance sheet and go, you know what? This is going to struggle a little bit. I'm going to take this five grand. I'm going to put it in my back. So that  It all goes fucked. I still had that vibrant. So I had a couple companies in the past, where I fucked up, where I was turned over. I ran an advertising agency, a TV advertiser. I didn't even talk about this. I ran a TV advertising agency when I was 20. So I was working for, I got a job selling TV advertising. And I turned out to be a really good salesman within the first few months. And then the best salesman, quick, start his own company, and took me within, convinced me to be a partner in this new company. So at 20, I owned an advertising agency. So we were turning over money, but we were robbing Peter to pay Paul. So like, we were doing deals, but they were selling too cheap to get him in. And the only way we could pull the deal off and get them on TV was to land a new deal. So we were bringing in new money and paying for old shit. So we were at a death spiral. Yeah. And the whole time I was in a death spiral, we were at death spiral for about two years. We were pulled off like two years. And we turned over like $3 million, which is money. But we were so busy trying to perpetuate and keep this death spiral alive that when it all went tits off, we finished broke.  They all went down the road. And if I knew then why no now, I would have just every single week out of that desk spiral took a couple thousand and goes, this is fucked anyway. So, take that. Okay, I'll do what the best I came with what's left. Okay, take that, do the best. So when it all goes down, I can go, well, I got half a mill. So, whatever. So that's another thing you've got to be prepared for. You've got to be prepared for that. You know, you've got to say, all right, well, why does the business exist? Because I created it. So the businesses look after me as much as I need to look after the business. And then there's another thing a part of it is the one thing people do too much, especially with women, is talk. Look, my girls don't know how much money I make. These are girls I've been with for years. And they don't know anything. I mean, and these are girls who work on cam and they see their own money, but they don't know what the other girls make. They don't know what casino makes me. They don't know what I'm making on courses. These girls don't know what I make and I will never fucking tell them. Why would I need to brag to pussy, I'm already fucking. Michael, Michael, well, well, but why?  No hurry, dude, dudes come home. Hey, baby. I landed that really big deal, baby And I landed that big contract baby if I was him like listen You're already fucking that bitch land the contract take that money put it in a separate fucking bank account Your brother's name in case that hole tries to fucking divorce and then you got fucking set like just shut up People feel they feel worthless probably is rather doing it. They don't feel like they want to prove something Yeah, but it's you need to if your woman's already in check and she really loves you Then she really doesn't care about money as much as you think so a lot of guys need to learn to shut up and put things aside I look if if I lived in the west and I had to go through the divorce I Can garen fucking to you and I'm saying this on video my woman would leave her nothing I'm a millionaire she would leave her nothing. I would set it all on fire before I gave her a fucking penny You want to suck me with it on my money? No fucking wait And I don't care what it takes I'll go jail I'll put it all into Bitcoin and send it all around the world. I'll give it to my brother  I'll fucking put it a big pile and light it on fire. Don't give a shit. You ain't getting a fuck away. Joker style. Yeah, you ain't getting a lick from me. And most men aren't militant enough. Most men just collapse to the system. Mm-mm-mm. As I look, if your wife won't believe you and you've got millions, you love America that much. Fuck that. Move to Thailand. Don't fuck yourself. That's what I wouldn't be playing those games. So, but one of the biggest things men can do, especially protecting their wealth, because the one thing that's gonna steal it from you is women. You need to have a whole bunch put away. They don't know about. I don't care how much you love your wife. Get another bank account. Fuck's wrong with you. And shut up. That's what you need to do. But people don't think ahead. And then it goes wrong. Yeah, it's good advice. I mean, in my marriage, divorced thing from years ago, I walked out, not only I lost no money, first of all, because I had this kind of mindset. I was younger. It wasn't as developed as it is now, but I had that I lost no money. I walked away cash positive. Yeah, she got Jack shit. That's how it's gonna be. Yeah, that's how it's gonna be. I won't get it be that. This is what I mean. The whole Western system is broken. And the reason it's broken is primarily because of this bullshit. Women can do whatever they want.  they can raise you for money. But it's a system I hate so much. I left. That's how much I'm American. And I was like, no, this is bullshit, bye. Hey, grew up in Indiana, right? I grew up in Indiana. Yeah, yeah. And I moved to London. It was the same game. So I moved again. But the point is, there's still certain things you can do as a man to protect yourself. One of the best things you can do is shut up. Just shut up. Stop telling her. She doesn't know what your paycheck is. Unless you tell her, especially if you're on a commission job or you got your own business or you're running construction, tell her you're broke. Tell her you're about to go bankrupt. You could be doing, you could have your best year in business ever. You could come home every day and go, I'm really struggling. It's really hard. I'm working extra hours. It's really hard. OK, baby, love you. You could be putting millions away. She's a fucking no. Why are you telling her for it? Most men just want to brag too much to their own fucking chicks and it's stupid. The woman who'd love you regardless whether you have money or not. If you feel like you need to brag to your chick or her to not leave you, then you got bigger problems than fucking money. You got a bigger problem coming. I can go to my way with the day and say, I am broke. We are on the street. And she will sleep next to me. And I know she will. You know.  when she's fucking smoking. So if you're really like, oh, I have to prove to my wife, I got the big check. Why? That's that's some kind of issue you've got in your relationship. As super unattractive too, they're gonna fucking hate it. They're gonna go fucking cheats with it, can do. Yes, it's just unnecessary. It's just yeah, absolutely. And protecting your wealth is that. And then there's other things I talk about, sorry to keep plugging, but there's other things I talk about and other things I talk about in Halter's University about where I put my money, how to hide it, et cetera, et cetera. Cryptocurrency, I talk a lot about that, because I think it's revolutionary, I believe in it. And I believe in it because I'll tell you what, we'll make you believe in crypto. If you ever try and send a million dollars, which I've done, through a bank, you will see the levels of bullshit. You have to go through, it's my money that I made. And I'm sending it to somebody. And I have to go through weeks of papers and questions and garbage and it bounces back and it's blocked and new pieces of paper and letters from tax authorities and interviews, whereas with Bitcoin, I press two buttons, it calls me 35 cents.  and it's done in three minutes. And there's too many people, there's too many people with a lot of money who are tired of banks. That's why Bitcoin will never go to zero. Because there's too many people with a bunch of money who do not wanna be doing play in these games, whether they're criminals or even if they're legit. They just don't like what, I'm trying to move my money, you're giving me questions, fuck, fuck you. That's why Bitcoin will never go to zero. So I talk a lot about crypto and where to put money and all those kind of things and how to hold on to wealth. But in reality, man, a lot of it's just about cash flows. If you can secure a good cash flow, you'll be fine. If I said to you right now, I guarantee you 100 grand a month, every single third on the first of every month for the rest of your life. Guarantee, how you gonna go broke? You can't, you're always gonna eat. Cause you get paid. So as long as you're getting paid, you're okay. So that's another thing to consider as well. To secure your wealth, secure your cash flow. You can secure that bank and you don't need the safe money. If you know for sure, then you're done. Next question, let's follow up with this. Relationship between body and...  wealth. Can you be a fat fuck and still get wealth? And what's what's their relationship between these two? That's a good question. So I'm a firm, but I'm a firm believer in the physical realm. I'm a fighter. Okay, so I was a fighter. So I believe in physicality. Physicality is a is an is always an option in my mind. Like we're having an argument, we're having a disagreement. It always crosses my mind at least. Can I smash your face? Oh yes, I can. Okay, so let's continue to talk. So I thought I've already analyzed it and I've already decided that I could do it if I want to. So physicality, I live in a physical world. And for that reason, I believe physicality is important and for that reason, I understand that physical capability is important. I don't believe the mind and the body can be separated completely. I don't think that's possible. And I think the stronger your body is, the stronger your mind is going to be. So whether it's business, whether it's women, whether it's anything else, I think if you have a strong body, you're going to have a stronger mind. I don't see how there's two reasons to that. One, because creating a strong body takes discipline. So.  trains your mind and two how can you have a strong body that's so resilient and have a weak mind I mean maybe you do I've known a bunch of dudes who do a bunch of steroids and they cheat their way to the top and down their pussy's but you're doing women fucking walk all over you see that yeah yeah yeah so you see that a lot but I'm talking about if you do it legit like I did I'm never taking a steroid in my life never cheated no I just fucking trained hard you trained hard you're gonna learn discipline and discipline's always gonna help you and I believe that the link between the two is strong and I also believe that you know like men and women have very different experiences of the world yeah and people very often think I hear a lot people say oh women are lucky or life's easy as a woman I think being a woman would be a disaster I think I think I think being a woman would be shit because the only thing that matters and the only happiness you can derive truly as a woman is through a man anyway you need a man you love you need his kids because without that you're a miserable bitch Instagram won't make you happy being a hoe won't make you happy all the  Gucci in the world won't make you happy, you're still fucking busy. So as a man, you can be happy without some chick. You can just be fucking random chicks. You don't need a chick, you're obsessed with it. You can just be fucking random hos and you can be strong and you can be rich and push your lab out, hang with your boys. Like life is good as a man. I think it's better than a woman. But only if you're the man. Being a man is shit. Being the man is great. And part of being the man is looking like the man. And the man is strong. It's the reality. The man is strong. I say, imagine the man. He's strong. So I think, yeah, there's absolutely a link with the discipline aspect. But there's also a link for your happiness. And happiness is, and happiness is energy. Like people say, I lack motivation. I say, it's because you're unhappy. I need my, if you need, if you want motivation to push hard in your business, if you were happy and excited every day, you'd work hard. So how do you become happy and excited? Will you have to be the man? How do you be the man? We've got to be strong. But it's all right.  comes down to you. Yeah, it's all linked. So if you wake up every day and look at the mirror, no, I'm strong. I'm fucking, I'm strong as an ox. Look at the, I'm built like, like, hercules. I'm not gonna make some fucking money. That's different than waking up and going, I'll breath out the shower and shit. You know what I'm saying? So there is definitely a link. There's absolutely, I think physicality is linked to everything. I don't think you can deny that. Physicality is linked to everything in your mind. I couldn't be me if I wasn't so fucking strong. I couldn't, I couldn't be me. I know I'm an objectively strong man and it makes me happy. Fuck yeah. Next question. What is the dumbest thing you've ever seen in business? Someone do. Any kind of business deal. It could be related to with women. It could be, you know, business to business, business, customer. That's a good question. That's a good question. I, that's a really good question. I don't know what could dumb, I've seen a lot of dumb shit. Yeah, exactly. I've seen a lot of dumb shit. But do you know what? Some, besides, we're gonna talk about women, because I think women are the biggest aspect.  But besides women, I've seen a dumb shit that also had like every cloud is a silver lining. So you can do some dumb shit, but it can be so polarizing that it ends up meaning your fans love you more and your haters hate you more. But who cares, your fans love you more and your haters never gonna pay money anyway. Or I had a business, so anyway, let's talk about the TV advertising agency. So the TV advertising agency I had, the guy I ran away to start the agency with turned out to be a fucking co-cantic and spent a thousand dollars a week on code. Now, he was burning through the bank account on cocaine, destroying it. I've never tried cocaine in my life. He was killing on code. But that made him excellent closer because he needed money today. That's, he was like, no. I was like, I've got this client they want to do business next week because they know today. I was like, no, but they already said they don't have money till next week. He goes, no, we're gonna call him and we're gonna find a way to make them send money today because it's the fucking Friday and I'm going out and I bought this bitch and she likes coke and I like coke, I want money today. So although it was a detriment, he in many ways.  He taught me a lot about sales. He was like, nah, call him up promised to Got I got 30% of the money today see I got some money today like he was that guy because of his because of his his downsides so there's a whole bunch of you know stupid shit that have a silver lining the only thing I've ever have a silver lining Is is fucking up women. I say this all the time man women affect everything about man's life Everything your business your physicality your happiness if you don't have a good relationship with women You're gonna have miserable life. It doesn't matter who you are if you if you if your woman's treating you like shit every day you go home Your no sports cars and make you happy no jobs to make you happy. It's gonna eat your soul. Yeah, absolutely so I say the biggest mistake a man can make in business is advertise his woman troubles So I've had a few times guys come to me and be like I want to start this business Oh my god, okay, we're talking about stuff. I'm like, okay, let's meet here this time. Oh, you know the wife from alone Can we meet earlier and I'll sit and go  So you want me to go into business with you, but your wife tells you what time you're live at the house, and you want me to trust you with half my business? Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is the fucking divorce getting involved in my business bullshit way into happy. Like you can't control your chick, and then you wanna make money. It's not even a command of his own life. You wanna command a girl in life? And who the fuck this bitch to tell me what time I can have my business meeting? She's sucking my dick. I said this time, I don't fucking know her. So too many dudes are like advertising. I think one of the biggest things you can do, and you need to keep clear in business, they say keep it separate from your personal life, and it doesn't mean you have to be completely separate, but in regards to the fact, you can't be, I know loads of fucking top level salesmen in London, but they were, they thought it was like funny, oh, go home for the more wife, then all this shit, and it was like, it's a pure dickhead, and you're pathetic, and I don't think you should be doing that kind of thing. It's like, if I had a business to run, and my woman complained she could fuck off, I'd make a living, so that house got to be. So some of the dumbest shit.  I've seen has been female. Well, I guess. But most dudes do dumb shit with females in an out of business, man. Most dudes are just fucking useless. It's interesting you say that with women because Donald Trump and his old books he's written back in the 90s and 2000s, that's the same thing. At the end of the day, there's a lot of mistakes you can make in business, but women and fucking up that part of your life, you know, divorce and anything else. You know, of course, we have a meatoblish in nowadays too. Yeah, which makes it work. Yeah, fucking ruined, yeah. Yeah. And that's it here because women, look, it doesn't matter. You can be Jeff, motherfucking, Bezos. Yeah. Who fuck with him? Who dealt? There was one human alive who could dent his well. Yeah. And she did it even from himself passing laws against Amazon could not dent his well like that bitch because he sells all around the world. There was one person on the planet who could dent his well considerably and she did. She got billions, I think. She's right. She's from richest women in the world. Yeah. Yeah. But this is what I mean. You go.  shit together, especially with emails. Too many guys don't have to shit together. I seen this with fighting all the time. I'd see fighters who were dedicated and hard-working, dangerous men, get a new girlfriend. I'll change my training hours. I need to finish earlier. Yeah, but the other professionals aren't there to lay those. So you can't spark a good guy. So you're going to be sparring the shit guys. Oh, yeah, but you know, my girlfriend, I pick her up from the train station. Okay, cool. Give over six months of not sparring the killers like me. I'm sparring the pussies. Then he gets an arrangance. The fuck kicked out of him. That is girl leaves him. The fuck was that? Like I've seen it a time and time again. People fucking make these accommodations for females and the woman's ruthless. If you make an accommodation and you lose your job or you lose your fight, she's gone anyway. Yeah, immediately. But what the fucking you doing? People often say to me, hey man, how did you get red pill? And I say, I got red pill because I was a fire. I have to fight. Oh, but I want you to take me here. Can't train me. Oh, but I want you to take me here. Fuck off then. Bye.  just dedicated to my craft. That's all that Red Build me. I refuse to take shit as a little bit worse. And I saw so many other guys like Compensate and fucking ruin their careers. In fighting, you lose one fight. That's your chance. That was your big shot. It's done. Like you can't, and you're gonna fucking, well, leave early to pick up some bimbo for transition. Like you're a fucking taxi. But man, it'll fuck up your business, it'll fuck up your fight career, it'll fuck up your whole fucking life. It's too easy to do. You gotta be on the ball. I'm not saying hate women. I'm not saying me anti woman. You just gotta be like, okay, she loves me because I'm me. I became me because of XYZ. Now she's gonna complain because she's a female. She's a low IQ. But I refuse to compensate. I'm gonna continue with XYZ because that's who I am. She doesn't like it. She can fucking go. It sounds like if I'm interpreting this correctly, that not only is it dangerous to be shitty with women and have that part of your life, it can ruin many parts of your life. It sounds like it's a really good thing to be good with women. And that having women, the females in your head and then in your life like set straight, that can really benefit you.  How can I know? Oh, absolutely. So let's look so let's talk about we're getting to the political aspect quickly Why in London are Muslims so rich? I'll tell you why the Muslims own all of London because they're women are in check So I had a Muslim friend when I used to go to college and he drove a Ferrari. He was 19 And he worked in a chicken shop who's making like a thousand bucks a month And I was like how the fuck do you have a Ferrari when you make a thousand bucks a month? He goes well what happens is this? I have a wife at 19 I have a wife and my four brothers have wives and my mum and all five women stay in the house And they cooking clean and provide for us men and then us men our only job is to go out and make money Now we put all our money together and then we buy properties and buy expensive cars and we share So and then he said to me goes the problem with white people You said it that from the white people is if you were in my family with five people or five brothers You'd go rent a place because you want your own space to fuck your girl And you'd go rent a place and you'd go rent a place and you'll be paying  rents and you wouldn't pull your money and you couldn't live in one house because all the women would like wouldn't like each other or the men would argue and the woman want to look after the man goes so you so all your assets are divided and scattered so you can't that's before all getting divorced to I'm not before you're going to work that's right they're not going to get divorced either yeah oh if you have women in check it's absolutely a massive benefit I can wake up in the morning and say the first words out my mouth I can wake up coffee it's the first thing I say not hey baby coffee should get up for me coffee I'll come out to a clean house and I can sit down with my coffee and start making money that's it if I did like hey baby are you okay baby oh you're in a bad mood today let me cheer you up let me make you a drink you should do like a comedy video like about this being a bitch you know the baby I'm gonna get paid if I'm doing that shit so having women in check is absolutely a huge it's a huge advantage to your life because I don't agree with big toes as a as a man you need feminine energy I'm telling you now I say that  If you're sick, let's say you get the flu everyone ever wants to why you get sick You know when you're fucking dying sick you want a woman make me team. So I was my head. I'm dying You need women around you and you want women who love you But you don't want to deal with all their shit So it's just getting the fucking the balance right you do need women around you But you need to be good with them so they love you and they respect you and let you do your things as a man I know that's not easy, but that's what I teach. I never say the guys look give up on chick the wrong way you need chicks And you don't ever shit together. Yeah, they'll destroy you Yeah, they will But you know that should be all the motivation in the world to have your shit together Yep, shouldn't it like I mean I fuck beautiful women So I have to have my shit together to fuck beautiful women that's fine by me Okay, I'll get my shit together. Bye. All right. I'll shit together. Okay. Come here So it's it's good for me, but yeah, you have your stuff together with women's massive advantage and Muslims proof They're shit together completely So yeah, a woman will fuck your life up just one more point on that people say to me all the time I wish I was close to my brother like high-end with you interested  but you know, and if I talk to him a little bit, it always comes down to, well, my wife doesn't like, okay, so you chose some bitch above your brother, because your wife doesn't like you and your brother go into the bar. And then you wanna ask me, how do you get close to your brother? You chose to pussy, you chose to woman. Now, if you get in a car crash, only another man can drag you from a flaming car. Your woman's just gonna stand there and scream, while you burn. Well, your brother, because he wants to go to the bar, and your woman doesn't like it, you chose the woman of your brother, and then you wanna ask me how to become close to your brother. I don't give a fuck how big your tips are. If you come to me and say, I don't like you living with Tristan, I'm gonna put, I'm gonna be like cool. Well, you can either accept it or you can fuck off, because there is zero percent chance of me not living within, to live with you. Zero. Gross before I was, flat zero. Literally gross before I was in your case. What the fuck, come on, yeah, it's flat zero. So this is the choice most men make. Most men choose to pussy above their boy.  And they're like, oh, how do I get a good relationship with my brother? Why if I don't go up team I can rely on because as soon as there's some t's in your face you sacrifice your team I'm gonna sacrifice my team for any girl on fucking earth. I don't care who you are Try me send me the most famous pitch alive, and I'll put the screenshots home to where I'm gonna fuck I don't care. I'm okay. It's good attitude, man. I like it. I try to practice I try to practice sim my life It's good. It's the only way to be though, but it's the only way to be because because Especially when it comes to male relationships your male friendships are there are ones who are actually gonna be there for you unconditionally Women never women are always gonna have conditions to some degree your boys are there for you, you know, you're probably because they're They're dependent on you. They have to have those conditions You can't put to get put your shifts not together. They can't fucking count on you either Yep, the evolution. Yeah, the program the program the evolution early program This is the best I can do and it's all bad thing. That's how they're programmed. That's how they work And you could use that against them like I do I I completely have to matrix and use it against them all the women or want the biggest  bad as fucking millionaire athlete and then if on webcam. So it's fine with me. So you can use it against them the same. But, absolutely, I know my brother is there. No matter what, if I go broke, if I go poor, this, that, I kill someone, I fucking, no matter what happens, he's gonna be like, yeah, I'm here, whatever. I can send him all my money today. And I know, the reason I know for a fact, he will never rob me is because I know for a fact, no woman will ever get his head. Listen to the thing, with most, do you, think of a dude you can't trust. And if you think you can't trust, the reason probably is because if he had a pair of teeth in front of him, he'd fucking become a complete coward. Most dudes you can't trust are fucking butter around chicks. How can you trust a man who will see a pair of tits and be like, oh, love you so much. Then you can't trust him. But the only guy I can trust are the real geezer till the women to fuck off all day. Yep. That's all you got left. Because you can't trust a man who's gonna fucking bend for some ass, ain't worth shit. So what is it?  Well putman Next question the world's in crisis right now, right? We have this pandemic hoax or not You know how much of its true numbers all the bullshit right complex But the world's in crisis. What is the average jump not seen right now? Like there's definitely opportunity and only fans is a good example the beyond that the stock market Bitcoin There's a lot of shit going on. Yeah, so what does the average guy need to know right now? Okay, so there's three things to this one the world is on sale now the problem with this is that it's only beneficial You already have money so for people like me I have money. I'm very lucky in kind of this because the world's on sale Because there's two kinds of rich people you have rich people who are asset rich and rich people who are cash rich Yeah, so you have people who own lots of loss of properties But they're fucked right now because the values has gone down and all their properties are mortgage Grant Grant Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, this guy and I was fuck Yeah, I always suspected too. I was like this guy doesn't have to look at cash man Like something bad happens like isn't losing real states always like that man Yep, it is and I hope you listen  I hope he's well, he probably has it. But Grant, if you're listening, you'll post he need to buy Hustlers University because the lesson I just gave out for free earlier about taking money from the side, I hope he's been doing that because he might not be a half-bride. You should buy Cardone University, put it in. Yeah, I should, but it's fine. If he had half a brain, he'd be skimming a million a month off the side and put it to add account and beliefs. But he might not, I don't know. That's what I would've been doing. So when I all went hits up, I'd have been like, ah, whatever. But um, put up. Whatever. Whatever. But um, so this is the first thing. The world is on sale, but only if you're one of the people who are liquid cash rich. So I made a million dollars of Bitcoin this month. And that's very easy because when it crashed to $4,900, I just bought so much of it. I looked at all the liquid cash I had that I didn't need. I thought I could live off however much money. The rest is going to go into Bitcoin. It doesn't matter if it takes a year or two years, once it goes up, I'll just sell it again. You know, I know that it's going to go off eventually. I believe in it. Now, it could have taken two years to go.  but I wouldn't have needed that money, so I'm fortunate. It only took two weeks. So what I made, I sold yesterday, I made all my money, I made the money, I made over a million dollars back. But that's because I have millions of dollars sitting around, most people can't do that. So the world is on sale if you have money sitting around. So that's the first thing, be careful with what you buy. Like airline stocks, are they gonna let American Airlines go out of business? No, of course not. If you buy airline stock, maybe it'll take a year, maybe it'll take two, is it gonna go up? Well done, because right now no one's flying, and eventually people will be flying. Like it's not fucking complicated, like how hard is it? That's the first thing. The second thing is, there's opportunities, like the only fan staying at the webcam thing, there's certain industries you should look at. You should look at two things. One, you should look at what industries are still operating. Why industries are still operating? Why industries are making more money? So I know, for example, in Romania, I don't know about in the West, but in Romania, food delivery's gone up like 3000%. Oh yeah, yeah. Because that one's ordering food, because it's stuck at home. So I'm not saying open a food delivery place, can I sit here?  an example of what industries are still open. So since this thing started on old fight, or you know a black guy, he had a job on a construction site, he lost his job. The same day of lockdown all over his Instagram and all over his Twitter, he started a Jamaican food delivery service. And he's been making $400 a day delivering food that his wife cooks. Same day, same day lockdown, he said, fuck this. All right, boom, boom, he thought ahead. And now when I was talking to him, yes, he goes, I might keep this open, bros, it's giving me 30 random up. Why? For delivering fucking food, the heat's at home. What sounds like the lesson there is no hesitation, like fighting, right? Yeah, no, you had to take you die. And also the lesson there is start a business for nothing. How much should it cost him to start that business? He's just saying Instagram posts. Instagram posts. He didn't even go out and buy the food because the first couple days he ran out of food. So we just started advertising saying, let's see if someone's going to pay me. Pay me by bank transfer or I collect the money  Oh, okay, now I need food. Okay, let me go get the food with the money I've already made. Now investment. Well, blah, blah, blah. It's just the same thing. So that's, there's an example. So look at the businesses that are already open. I'm looking at the businesses that are still operating and trying to understand why they're still operating. Because now you're going to learn about what essential services are. If you sell something that's essential, people will always need. Who sees essential? So people will still buy. People need to, people need to, people need to jizz like they need to fucking eat. So that's one thing. And the third thing is, try to imagine how things are going to change into the future. So when this whole lockdown is over, are people going to instantly rush out and start buying more savings cars again? I don't think so. I think people are going to be a lot more frugal with their money. They're going to be a lot more careful with what they spend money on. They're going to be a lot more interested in saving money. They're going to be a lot more interested. There's going to be a mindset shift. They're going to be a lot more. Great depression, grandparent stuff. Exactly. They had the add to stew. Exactly. They're going to be a lot more interested in hygiene and hygiene products. They're going to be a lot more interested in prepping. You know, a lot of...  the preppers preparing for the end of the world. So there's gonna be certain things that are gonna explode when this shit's over and people start to make money again. They may not explode now because people are poor, but when they start to get their checks in the bank, they're gonna go, you know what, now I'll make it money again. You know what, just in case, let me buy some fucking updates. Let me put this here. Let me put people, so you need to also, is there a way I can be ahead of the curve and start providing something that people are gonna start wanting to buy? Yeah. And you can do that. You can make a whole bunch of money when this shit's over as well. It doesn't have to be during the crisis. It can be directly afterwards. It sounds like you're saying basically observe the mindset people are in right now and then try to predict what they're gonna do six months from now. Look at that. Absolutely. Yeah. So my casinos are making loads that they're only open for a month and I made so much money out of laughing my ass off. I don't, but I don't believe, even when this is reopened, people are gonna be running into casinos. I believe people are gonna be far more frugal and clever with their money. So I think it's gonna take a long time for my casinos to recover. So in all my business meetings I'm having now, I'm sitting there thinking, what are people gonna run out and buy? What is it? What service are they really going to?  toilet paper. Yeah, but it could be the dumbest shit in the world. It can be dumb. You could fucking look, this is just completely off my head. You could sell a house sanitizing bullshit service for 99 dollars. You can get your little cousin from 17, give him a steam cleaner and send his ass around to collect $100 a day or $300 a day off people, steam cleaning bullshit. It could be garbage. It's just about how do you put a spin on it? You know, okay, the lockdown's over. The germ is now going to be more, it's not, we're not safe now. You're at more risk than ever. We will sanitize your house, your door knobs, you're dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, for X amount. This is just stuff in my head. But it's an example of how people, what kind of things are people going to react to when they have their money again? So that's another thing you think about. And those are the opportunities of the crisis. One, things are on sale if you have money. Two, what's the operating now and can you get involved? And three, what's going to blow up when the...  over and is there any way you can get your toe in the wall? And if you do so, you're going to make money because I think my casino is going to be down for at least a year and a half. I don't see people blowing money because you can see me. But I got I got pussy online. So is what it is. Yeah. Next question. Let's think bigger picture here. So we're seeing history repeat itself for whatever fucking reason, right? There was a pandemic about a hundred years ago, the flu, Spanish flu. Now it's 2020 102 years later, whatever is kind of similar thing. Everybody's freaking out. Situation similar, but different, right? Do you see what do you think about the 2020s not we're in the 2020s people decade ahead of us in America, obviously we had the roaring 20s. Things are up stock market was booming the whole time. Do you see the happening again, you know, after the pandemic, this bullshit ends and everything is back to normal, so to speak. What other what other predictions do you have for kind of 2020 with relation to history to repeating itself. Yeah, it's going to be interesting because I don't know just going to put a dent in the whole globalism ideology. I think people are going to be far more nationalistic and all the all.  All the anti-border liberals of deceit-free, they're all shut up. More arms. So I think it's going to affect politics in quite a heavy way. I know that governments can print money and they can affect things and they can make people feel richer or faster and they're going to try their best to do that kind of stuff, etc. I do think there's going to be a big mindset shift in regards to cleanliness and preparation, that kind of thing. I can really see that happening. But all in all, what surprised me most about this, I think what's scary to me about this is before this lockdown, if you would have called on to me and said, every government is going to roll shut people in their houses. I would have said, no way, no one would tolerate that shit, no way. And I'm surprised how easy it would happen. Everyone's even me. We're all sitting out. I mean, I went to Sweden. The reason I went to Sweden, I said to Tristan, was to prove an ideological point. I refused to be confined because I was told to be confined. That's literally what I said. I said, my cousin's literally what I said, look, they told me I have to stay in my house. I refused to do that. I need to go fuck some bitches. Just to prove a point.  to them. Fuck you. I don't listen to nobody. But it's amazing how easy we were all locked down. And what's scary to me is I think we need to also keep in mind that this is going to cross the government's mind far more often than ever would have before. So maybe we should all lock them all in their houses. I think it's going to become an option on their radar like it hasn't been before. That's something else we need to think about. Yeah, I agree. It's concerning. It's good. So they're going to be a bit more like, well, we locked them down for this. Let's lock them down for this. Let's lock them down for this. It's going to become a thing to think about. So that's something else to think about. But oh, no, I still think, you know, like the world is full of opportunity. There's still a huge opportunity out there. It's going to be when this is over. I teach as much as I can on co-worked in the common in Houston's University. I teach every single lesson I learn from making money. I think there's big opportunity out there for people who want it. I think there is money to be made. But you know, also a lot of it down to how you want to make money. My view on money is you want to have money, but you want to enjoy your life now freedom too. I mean, you don't want to be fucking slave in a way.  I knew some bankers when I was in London and they were making 40 $50,000 a month, but they were, they had to get the Japanese stock market, the New York stock market, and the London stock exchange. They were in the office from 3 a.m. until 9 p.m. Like what, and they go home and sleep and get straight back out and they, they, they like why? They get their suit sailors in the office while they were working. They was just, okay, it's money though. So you're saying money should make your life better or not? Shouldier or... Yeah, your money, money, money is a tool for freedom. If money's enslaved you, then you're not free, are you? Yeah. Like what the fuck do you need money for? And this is another thing about being a man is that like, or being a human in general, but especially about being a man. You're 20s and you're 30s, you're your best years. So would you rather have some money and freedom or loads of money and no freedom in a 30? I know what I want. I need time to fuck bitches and do what I want and fucking chill and enjoy my life. I need to drive my supercar around. Even as dedicated as I am, I still take an afternoon off to go race around my car. I'm gonna live your life. Would you say your house is like...  than is freedom? Absolutely. That's the only reason I want to be rich. Like I said, I freedom, I was either completely broke or rich. I wanted to freedom. I was the freedom I've been obsessed with. That's why I went to Sweden. It's nothing to do with parking or fucking girls, but I know. It's the fact that when everyone was told to stay in their house, I took my nine passports, went to the airport, I knew I'd wave one around long enough to get on a plane, went to fucking Sweden, got a five star hotel, walked in the club, said I want the best table. They said, oh, the best tables for 10 people, the minimum spend is 6,000 euro. I said, I didn't ask how much a fucking call, I said, I want it. Sat there, spent six grand, ended up with a whole bunch of hot chicken. It's the freedom. I do whatever fuck I want. And that's what I like. I don't like having money. So there's a few other people on money Twitter and they all they talk about is how to save, how to save, how to save, how to save. Fine. Yeah, there's 19 year old millionaires, right? So yeah, of course. Yeah, don't buy coffee. Doors. But like, where's the life then? What's the point? Yeah. Like for me, it's all about the freedom. So yeah, you got to make money if you got to enjoy your life. I'm all saying be stupid with your money. I'm saying just you  know, enjoy yourself and make sure it's a smart decision. Don't blow it all away or nothing. But make sure you're enjoying your life and make sure you feel free and be happy. Because when you're fucking 80, you're going to grab all the money you saved. First thing you're going to do is put back all the money you saved. Well, that was dumb. All the times I didn't go out. Now I'm about to die. Like, you can't take it to the grave. Like you enjoy your life. You know what I find funny is you get so much heat like me just, you know, media taxi and these people, all these dorks and shit. But your message is actually very positive. If you actually listen to it and look at the fundamentals of it, it's kind of funny. No, completely. I'm absolutely a philanthropist. I'm trying to help dudes with the reason that the reason I'm what a nice guy. The reason everyone I agree. I agree. Yeah. Very nice. The reason everyone hates me because I'm happy. They look at me and they go, this dude has supercars and loads of hot with it and money and and you know what? He's probably happy. That motherfucker. That's what. Yeah, you know it and you're not afraid to. I'm not telling you. I'm happy. My life's great. You're a shit. But I'm happy.  If you're happy, you're gonna piss off a whole bunch of unhappy people. Yeah. Like all the dorks who come from me, I look at their profile pictures and I'm like, bro, yeah, I'd be miserable too if I was you. If I was you, I'd be doing exactly what you're doing, sitting on Twitter, trying to drag someone down. Like, because you're just a miserable fuck. From behind a cartoon character too. You know what? Yeah, exactly, exactly. So, you know, people hate happy people and that's fine. You know, there's gonna be haters, but I enjoy it. I think if I lost all my haters today, I'd be bored. Yeah, yeah. Haters are fun, man. It's a lot of, they give you, it's a combative and it's fun, yeah. Absolutely. Like, where's the fun and show it off if no one gets annoyed? Yep, exactly. The only reason I fucking do the dumb shit I do, the piss that what else I'll do. Exactly. The interest is, the interest is all the time, like, do you wanna go to the club? He's like, not really. I'm like, yeah, but if we don't go, broke boys are gonna get girls. Where's if we go and we buy 20 grand of champagne, every single girl in the fucking clubs or the arcade, well, we get to steal them from every single guy. So we don't even go for our own happy-  I just want to spread unhappy this other fuck. Yeah, so the key to success is being annoying. Basically, who can be the most annoying? Yes, it's good. I support this message. This is great. Well, if you have an ego and you have a desire and a burning fire to prove your ego and to justify your ego, you're gonna be successful. If you have an ego for no reason, you're not gonna be successful because you're gonna have a problem work when people are gonna be addicted. But if you have an ego and you're like, you look, I'm the fucking man. Okay, I've said it now. So now I've got approved to people on the fucking man. If you boot, that's all I ever did. I'm gonna kick your ass. Okay. It sounds like it's giving you guidance and purpose. You're giving yourself as a result of your job. Absolutely. Yeah. I tell people I was gonna knock them out. And after I said it, I better start fucking training. Yeah. I said it now. So if you have an ego and you're gonna work hard to justify it, then you're gonna have a superpower. There's nothing wrong with having an ego. There's nothing wrong with it. Just work hard to justify it. You tell you the man, work hard and prove you the man. Done. It sounds like it's you're being a man of your word. You talk.  shit then you back it up. Exactly. Exactly. There's nothing wrong with that. So some of the guys are killed by ego. I'm like, why? Why? Why? Kill the ego? You're going to kill your ego. What's the point in having a good body and nice car, hot woman, nice house? It's all stupid. It's a stupidity to even fucking say, I got a massive ego because I earned it. I earned it and I've got a big ego and I know I've justified it. And if you have a problem with it, you can fuck off. So there's nothing wrong with having ego. And absolutely it's going to push you and excel you for. So yeah, I love going to club kissing everyone off because I aren't all right to do that. I can do that. And they can't. If they could do that, they do it to me. So fuck off. This is what it is. Next question. I've heard you previously talk about, I don't know when it was maybe a year ago or something like that. And I was someone a paraphrase or a paraphrase, you know, quote it. He talked about, you know, life being, especially business, there being like a river of money. And you have to put yourself at the center of that river and the flow of it. Can you kind of expand on that like what that means? Yeah. So it was the coat that told me this when he was high out this fucking line.  And he said, money is like water. He goes, water is always moving. It rains, it lands, it goes down the drain, ends up in a stream, it moves down the stream, it goes into a lake, it evaporates, goes up to the plows, it moves somewhere else, it falls down again. That's how money works. Because even if I give you a million dollars today and you spend it, it's still gonna go somewhere. You buy a car, it goes into the bank account of the car company. The bank account of the car company need to buy parts. Goes to another bank account in Taiwan, they buy parts. They have to pay their staff. The staff member gets paid wages from your money. He goes home with his money. Money is moving. If you never stay in still, money is always moving around. And the point was, if you can identify where money is moving, if you stand in the middle of a process or you stand in the right place, you're gonna get away. So look at my friend who just launches to make him food. He sat there and was, okay, people are buying food from home, they're gonna stop from home, money's moving, bank, okay, I'm gonna deliver food. Get in the right place at the right time and you're gonna get some money. Money is always moving, it's never still. You cannot make money. I don't like what people say make money. Because it's not-  Not true, you're not the federal reserve. You can take money from someone else. Or they can give it to you. So how do you make it people to give it to you? Well then look where they're already giving their money. These people give their money to this. Okay, is there any way I can get in between that? Or is there any way I can launch a competition? So with me with webcam, I still do is giving their money to girls. I can't compete with the girls. I ain't got titties. Okay, so how can I get in between it? The money's going to girls. How can I get in between it? Well, I can convince girls that they will do better with me and I'm going to manage them. Which is don't even know, don't know how to convince. It's true. I can help the girls make more money. Now I'm involved in the process. So the money was already moving to the chicks. I just stood in the between. I got one. So it's just finding places money moves. Just whenever you talk to someone they're saying talk about money they spend. Just be like, well, how can I get involved in this shit? You can do that the million different ways. You can do it. I knew, look, I knew dudes who'd do dumb shit. I knew a guy who was going to buy a car, a brand new car, the 98,000.  say I'm gonna buy this car, it's $98,000, and this hustler I knew goes to me. No, no, no, which one is it? The guy told him this car, but what? He goes, you're gonna buy it from this law. He goes, yeah, I'm gonna buy from this law. He goes, bro, I need that car for $96,000. And the guy's like, really? He goes, yeah, I need that car for $96,000. No doubt, I need that car for $96,000. So the guy told him the car he wanted. The guy didn't have any kind of connect or nothing. He just went down to the car law and said, look, you try to sell this car for $98,000. That guy's my cousin, but I know who buy it from $95. And started fucking, going back and forth with the salesman, got the price of the car down, went back to the guy and said, look, I got the car down for you for $3,000, I told you $96, I got $95,000, we give me a grand. And the guy paid it. Now, the guy was like, all right, cool, yeah, you saved me three grand, you're the grand, because there were friends anyway. But this is just, that's a hustler's mentality. Now the person I know who did that, spunked all the way on Coke. But, he had a hustler's mindset. He saw money was about to move. Money is gonna go from X to Y.  How can I get in between this little interaction? And it took him 20 minutes at a car law. He wrote down the car law, so it's talking shit. Made a grant. People don't think this way. People are very, especially in the West. Like in countries like Eastern Europe, you see this all the time, like little hustles. Like if I go to park my car, there'll be kids standing in parking spaces. Kids just stand in parking spaces and occupy them. And you give money, they'll move. And their parents call their kids in parking spaces. So it's a security service. But you can't do that shit to the West because the police will come and go. Yeah, harder in the West. But still, the story I told happened in London. So you always identify where is money moving? Can I stand in the middle? And if I can stand in the middle, can I make money? And is it worth my time? Well, I'd say, too, in the West, in the West, we've had so much decadence and so much fucking wealth from all kinds of shit, right? The momentum, the history, the Federal Reserve, all this bullshit. But in the East, Eastern Europe and stuff, they've had that. They've had that pressure, right? That communism in the South.  Union is fuck yeah you go find a way there's no government help with no state assistance there's no fucking alimony none of that you go today yeah and there's still life yeah that's why there's no liberals here because liberals doesn't work in this reason why that's why they're right wing because they understand the world this is right wing realism and they love it man I love it yeah I love it I can't wait to go back to Poland you cray I want to go to Ukraine next man Romani I'll go to I'm excited man I love it but Romani is awesome yes awesome yeah but yeah that's that's my basic policy in terms of the war the money's always moving so next time you hear about money moving can you get involved because you probably hear about it all the time you don't think about it next time you start thinking okay money's doing this money's doing that money is there any way maybe I know somebody maybe I can do this maybe I can do that then it x y's it it sounds to me like you have the house was mindset it sounds like a curious mindset you're curious you hear about money moving you get curious where is it going why is it going there how can I get involved completely it's a very positive proactive attitude is what's absolutely be curious and I think what romanyans are amazing so if I go to buy something  Doesn't matter what it is. Let's say I want some construction on my house or whatever Every single Romanian I know like no, no, no bro. Don't don't no bro. Let me talk to them in Romanian I'll get you a very first and what they're really saying is I'll get you a very price about building commission for me But if they quote me 10 grand and he calls them in Romanian and then he comes back to me and says 8 grand But really they're charging him 7 so he's made a grand off me, but I've saved 2 Win way not okay. I've saved grand so this is how they are because they're like they they look for every chance They can get yeah, but that's what you go to be like if you know someone's about to spend money or you see money moving or you see money Being spent how can you be and you ever go do it now annoying way hey? Maybe I can help you save some money or hey, maybe I know a guy. Hey, maybe I can do this Well, you probably seen you went you went to India a while ago and you had it was pretty bad experience right because they do this Probably too much to the extreme. I've seen that there's not so that yeah, that's right As soon as yeah, you're trying to do business with them. Everyone knows everyone. They're all trying to make a fucking commission off you Yeah, it's the same. Yeah, but  But it's the same mindset. So you've got to be working that way, trying to put something together. Even I did this when I was broke over time. I was at one of my girlfriend's houses she was talking about needing new windows. I said, I know a guy who needs the best windows who works for a Alliance window. So one of my friends worked for a window. I was like, I'll send, I still look, I'll come to a free consultation, I'll just text my friend, bro, window lead. They got caught with this much from another company, beat that quote, we'll probably get the business, give me how much can you give me. He goes, well, I'll be on about 20% commission, I'll give you half the commission, so it's cool. It was one text, I made like two and a half things. Just from overhearing someone talk about windows, I knew a dude who did windows. But most people overhear this shit and it's just like, oh, they don't think about it. It doesn't cross their mind. I was always out for money, I needed money. I didn't have a job in a long time. I quit work when I was 23. And I wasn't rich, I was 29. So for six years, I was just hand to mouth, fighting, beating someone up, hustle here, hustle there, just trying to find some cash. I was doing something to find cash. But that's all it is. That's the water philosophy. When you truly have a start.  that you're going to find gaps. So last question for you wrap up here, the final one. What is some of the, uh, I'm going to put it this way. What are some of the worst popular ideas you've seen about money? Uh, you know, maybe something about luck or some other, some other negative bullshit people believe about money. What are some of the worst ideas you've seen? Okay. So a lot of the ideas that are propagated are fucking awful. And the reason they're, the reason they're propagated is because it make, they make things sound simple. So Tai Lopez, a famous dude, he talks about how much you need to read to get rich. That is the biggest crock of shit. I haven't read a book since I was in jail. I read a book last night in jail like seven years ago. I don't read books ever. And I'm not saying you shouldn't read, but the idea that you can sit there and read a bunch and end up with money in your bank, I do not agree with. I think that's just him. It's a very easy way for his to package. He has this thing called mentor box. We sell you. Yeah, it's a quick thing. But it's just, it doesn't add up because action makes money. Reading theory is completely different to action. I believe in action making money. My whole philosophy to my.  money is action. Here move, go, do. Not sit and learn, learn. I didn't learn anything when I was making money. Even all my, I didn't learn. When I want to launch a webcam business, do you guys sat there and learn things where did I start calling up Hose and buying webcam? So it was good to work. Like I'm an action man. I don't believe in research. You believe in buying it? I believe in fighting. Yeah, let's go. Let's get to work. So that's the first thing. This whole read-a-bunch is garbage. Next thing, do something you're passionate about. Now if you're passionate, you'll have motivation. But if you're passionate about money, you can do anything. Do you think the Chinese concrete, billionaire, jerks off over concrete? You just can give a fuck, you can pay. So you don't need having a passion if your business is great, but I'll sell anything. Now people think, because I sold pussy, because I don't have pussy. No, I will sell guitars, I'll sell rocks, I'll sell dirt. If you're gonna pay me on a seller. So I have a passion for money and a passion for profit. I'm gonna give a fuck what it is. So that's another thing people thought.  stupid when they throw around. You really need to love your business. You should love having a business. You should love the results. You don't need to love the actual part of yourself. How do you feel about it? How do you feel about luck? There is a degree of luck. There is a degree of luck. But there's good luck at bad luck for everyone. So there's definitely a degree of luck. But this virus is extremely unlucky. But then other times you're going to get lucky. There's good luck and bad luck. But I don't think you, because luck is something intangible. It's not something you can predict. I don't think you should affect how you approach your business. You have to work as hard as you can. I'll do the best you can. Regardless of whether you're lucky or unlucky. It doesn't matter. You just have to eat something. You can't control. So if it's not within your realm of control, you shouldn't even think about it. You should just do your absolute best and you should work your ass off. Regardless of whether you're a lucky person or unlucky person. Yeah, because if you focus on shit, you can't control. You're going to expend energy and waste time and effort. On complete waste of time. Yeah. Can we have you in bullshit? Exactly. And another thing I think people don't understand about money is that you can never truly save yourself rich. You can only earn yourself rich. So when I see on Twitter and they're like, how do I like this?  these Twitter accounts, money advice. If you don't buy Starbucks each day and put it in a high interest account in eight years, you'll have $15,000. Listen, I have $2.3 million of cars. So if you, I'm not calculating it right here. So let's say I have $2.3 million of cars. So let's say you earn $10,000 a month and somehow you manage to live your life and never, ever, ever spend depending. Live for free, eat for free, you go to work for free, you never buy clothes, you never get any transport, nothing completely for free. It's still going to take you 12, 19 years of saving to buy my cars. It's just not feasible. You don't get to the top by saving money. You get to the top by earning money. Now I'm not saying don't save money. I'm not saying don't, I'm not saying it irresponsible. My point is, if you're sitting there going, how do I be a millionaire? You should not be sitting there going, a lot of you are going to be a millionaire, it's like to save more. No, you can be a millionaire so you need to earn more. There's a big difference. You never going to earn, you never, you never, you never, you never, you never, you never,  You're gonna save your way to the top on a normal job. So a lot of people come and go, well I mean, I know if I cut down to my savings, like bro, you add an extra $15 a week to your savings and you change your life in any way. So that's one of the other attitudes of money that I think. It sounds like a responsibility thing too. Earning is self-responsible. You take the action, you make it happen. Saving is like offloading it and hoping that some account makes it for you. Yeah, exactly. People say to me, like, people say, like, do you make your money, make money? Yes, I do. I want to do that. I bet you do. They go, okay, well I've got $5,000. It's like, bro, if I make 1% on my part, it's money. If you make 1% on your part, it's nothing. Yeah. The idea that your money can make you money is a great idea and it's true, but only at the top level. You shouldn't be worried about investments until you're already rich. I didn't consider investing until I already had a lot of money. Because if you say to me now 1%, a month, I'll sit there and go, okay, you told me, if you told me about 1% a month, when I had $24, the fuck? Mike, so you conferred...  get the whole investment idea until you're already sitting on money and you go and you know what I have nothing to do this money I don't want to spend it it's quite a lot I have nothing to do with it now I look at investments but you need to earn your way out there first the first you should be doing this focusing on earning and earning as much as possible many different ways as possible like I said earlier trying different things trying them for free finding a way to get money and for free if it works maybe put some money at it grow it that and get your income streams coming in and then you can sit and go okay I've got X amount I'm gonna try to do something fuck yeah well hey man robot up at 90 minutes now this has been an awesome show man appreciate your time appreciate the effort in coming on there's been awesome it's been an educational show the comments were really positive men good good I'm I'm I always watch myself back so I'm excited to watch it back in yeah yeah well again thanks to coming on and you take co-operate everyone visit him at co-operate.com there are also links in the description to buy courses from him on his website purchases made through that will support the RABMAN group in 20-1 studios much appreciated this has been episode one or two  of the RevMan group with special guest co-operate and I hope to take you back in the show, man. It's been a great time. Thank you, brother. Thank you very much. Everyone else, see you next Saturday, 11 a.m. Peace out.