 So a lot has changed since the last time we sat down with Andrew Tate. Last time we sat down with him, you were the most a Google man on earth. Today, effective last two days, you are now the most Google woman on earth, according to your Twitter profile. And we wanted to make sure after the BBC interview you made certain requests. You said you want to move in forward. There to be a $50,000 or C when people sit down to do an interview. So we wanted to make sure the ESG score for this interview would be very high. We got you a $50,000 target gift card. I appreciate it very much. People in America will appreciate that. And then you also said cookie, so Adam got you socks, hate cookies, to make sure we match that. And then we did bring a bug light, but unfortunately Vinnie finished it on the way here Vinnie. You know, we, we, I'm already a girl. I don't need anybody. Yeah, so we respect that. So, but anyways, look, a lot's obviously changed from last.  time to this time. Last time we sat down was around nine months ago. You had at the time been a de-platform from every social media platform. We came out here, we sat down, we spoke. The matrix was attacking you. You were saying matrix attacking me, matrix attacking me. From then on, Musk buys Twitter in October. He then reinstates you. In one day, I believe to get a million followers on Twitter. You're upwards of a seven million today. Every other accounts taken down. I think even Tristan was taken down off of Instagram. And then the arrest comes, the lover boy, all these articles and vice releases that hit piece on you guys. They're saying what they're saying and I'm sure we're going to get some comments on that. The initial 30-day lockup was extended twice, 92 days in the dungeon. We had a chance to speak with one of your lawyers, Tina Glandien on February 24th. It was a great conversation we had with her. Then eventually you're released, the only brother come out and you specifically make it clear that you did seven times.  1417 pushups. Correct. Very impressive. You received letters from thousands of fans. You read the Quran on a daily basis. At no point was any charges, anything official charge. It was all allegedly, allegedly, allegedly. And while you were away, a new star was born Dylan Mulvaney, which I'm sure you're familiar with. From there on, a lot of comments were made. Comments of people that supported you. Comments of people that didn't support you. Logan Paul said by 2023, he will not have a sliver of relevance is what he said. KSI said, Andrew Tate snitched on himself after getting racial by Greta Thunberg. Destiny said, Andrew Tate has been arrested for rape charges in a country, he specifically lives in to avoid rape charges because he was beefing with a autistic child on the internet. I think he's referencing the great Greta. Matt Bernstein advocated to get you kicked off of Instagram. And he's part of the Blue Pill community, a big famous makeup artist. Ethan Klein said, and that's.  That's why I call him Andrew, the human trafficker. He sent me a cease and this is threatening to sue me for defamation. For saying he's a human trafficker. What else am I supposed to call someone that buys and sells human beings after their will? Tate, the human trafficker. NBC in January 2023 said Andrew Tate said he broke a woman's jaw and that his business was a scam ahead of Romanian charges. Rolling Stone said meet Andrew Tate, ex-kickboxer, ret-pilling the angry young men of America. These are people that didn't support you. These are the people that supported you. Tucker Carlson, he comes out and he says on full send podcast. First of all, he's really smart. The spirit that animates Andrew Tate is very clear and very obvious and it's not a malicious spirit at all. Andrew Tate's core message is respect for yourself. Act like your worth something. Achieve something, do something, get the fuck off the couch, put down the porn, go do something with your life. That's the greatest message that anyone could give. It tells you everything about the people in charge who say...  who say that's threatening, what is that threatening? The same people who live on the Pito Island with Epstein, and the same people that were friends with Harvey Weinstein, were claiming to protect women by rebuking tape. That's Takah Krossin, Pierce Morgan, who originally when he went on, it was very combative. It was a very good interview entertaining, but I was also interesting to see him try to push you. And then he flips and he says, this is getting ridiculous. Romanian authorities must either charge him in his brother if they have actual evidence of crimes or release them. Musk obviously supported by releasing a restaurant account like this. Jake Shield said people are freaking out about young boys looking up to Andrew Tate, but totally fine with young girls looking up to Cardi B and the Kardashians. And obviously Aiden Ross, Red Bull Community, Joe Rogan, I can go on and on and on about a lot of things that's being said. We watched a BBC interview and we'll talk about BBC here in a minute because I have some questions on that as well. But the first thing I want to ask you is, you know, nine months where we were at then September.  to what we are today. A lot's changed. How do you feel with everything that's going on? And tell us a little bit about your current state today. Yeah, there's a very strange sense of terror that comes from knowing exactly what's gonna happen to you. There's a strange sense of calm that comes from it also, but in the middle of the night, when you can't sleep, sometimes you feel happy knowing what they're trying to do to you and sometimes you feel terrified knowing what they're trying to do to you all. I think I'm very happy every single podcast I did previous to this, I hammered the point home and I made it very clear that they had the intention of trying to put me in jail. I said, there's three lives. They try and cancel you and slander you and destroy your name. They don't just want you to disappear from the internet. They want you to disappear from the internet in a cloud of shame. They have to shame you, which is why they chose to crimes. They did for me and it's why they usually choose to crimes they choose because it's heinous. They want to shame you and they want you to disappear with your head facing the ground and never pop up again. Obviously, they attempted to cancel me and I became more famous than ever before. I even said to you on your podcast and I said on another podcast, I said, I think they made a mistake. I think when you have power and you overuse it, you, wow.  happens is a rebellion. That's how a revolution starts. When you have power, you have to be very, very careful with how you use that power. The second you overuse it, there's a revolution and we're in Romania, so they know all about that. That's exactly what happens. And I said at the time, I think I was a mistake. I think they made a big mistake, canceling me the way they did. And then the second time, the second life, which I described as they tried to put you in jail for no reason, here we are in the current scenario. I knew it was gonna happen, and the third one is they put a bullet in your head. So we're gonna have to see how the second life plays out. And yeah, I mean, when this is all over and I win the court case, I get the knock guilty, I won't be smiling, I'll be walking out the court room with my head on a sliver. That's the guy in the life I'm living now. I'm gonna be thinking, oh, okay, so they're second attempt failed. Now what? Do I wanna fly private anymore? Do I wanna go without place anymore? You start to think about these things. Do I wanna do these things? Law billionaires dying in plane crashes, it's strange. So it's scary, regardless of how it plays out. And I guess you just have to...  go with the punches and see where it lands and God has a plan for me and for all of us and we're just going to see how it ends up. Fudus closure you don't have any suicidal thoughts. I want to make it very clear and I make it clear on absolutely every single podcast that would never kill myself. I don't care what they say, I don't care what video they show you. Never under a circumstance what I kill myself is wrong. Never. I don't care if they put me in back in the dungeon solitary confinement by myself with the rest of my human years I would never kill myself. Ever. Ever. So if that ever happens God forbid do not believe whatever garbage they tell you the chance of me killing myself is precisely zero. And you had this complete level of certainty that this is exactly how it would play out. You've said this on umpteen podcast that this is what how this is their this is their agenda. They have to damage my influence. They have to damage my influence. They can't sit there and let me be influential because I'm saying things that they don't like me saying. And there are people sitting around going he's saying things counter to our message and counter to our narrator. Get rid of it. And they have a pretty standardized playbook and this is probably one of the first times in history with our playbook. Just is-  working. Canceling. We're still around. Oh, well lie behind the news. Just say he touches chicks. Well, no one believes it. Oh, all the comments are on his side. Everyone's calling us liars. Okay, then do it again. Then do it again. Make up a new girl. Then do it again. Find someone else. Yeah. And they keep attacking me with the same weapons, but the bullets are bouncing off. And that doesn't give me a sense of calm. That doesn't make me think, ha ha ha, I'm invincible. It makes me think, oh, it makes me think, oh, because human life is cheap at the top. It's very cheap. Does it make you want to sit on the sidelines and be quiet and just kind of live a life with your family, your kids? Is it make you want to do that? Maybe maybe all these attention is actually not a good thing. It's interesting because sometimes I analyze myself and think, why don't I just do that? Why don't I just disappear? You know, I don't need money. I don't need fame. Why don't I just disappear? And then you have to, I was saying this to my brother and he was like, well, Genghis Khan didn't need Vienna. Some people are just wired that way. Vienna's a long way.  from Kathmandu. Sometimes that's just the way it is, or Ulan Batar, I apologize to Kaplan of Mongolia. That's just the way some people are. If I see injustice and if I see things which I believe to be false, I feel like I am obligated to say the truth. I can't explain why, even at my own detriment, what am I doing this for? It's to the detriment of my life. And I've had these conversations at length that the people close to me and we're all saying the same thing. It's always been the same way. Humanity's always been the same way. There's been a select, false, small, few good men up against evil. And evil always outnumber you. Evil always has more money than you. They always have more power and more influence than you. If you look at, do you play any video game? When you get to the end boss, he always has more life than you. He always has more hit points. But you're the good guy. And it's kind of like, it's never been any different at any point in human history. There's been the good guys up against the forces of evil, whatever they were of the time. And you've always been outnumbered and you've always been supposed to lose.  So you consider yourself the good guy in this situation. I think that truth is instilled by God in all of us, and I think if you tell the truth, you're a good person. So who do you think is the bad guy? You know, everyone uses they, then, then, then, then, they're after me. Who's the bad guy? Well, in some saying, who, I will say, what I will start my thing is what they do. And what they do is they control information. And we now live in information society, and by controlling information, they control how people think and act and react to things. So that's all they have to do. They have to control information, and they have to be very selective with what they allow you to talk about, and what they allow you to discuss, and what they don't. And once they can do that, they can keep you bickering about garbage, and they can control the sense of information, and then they run the world. So having all the information controlled, and having this hard barrier on what can be discussed, that's how they can report absolute fallacies. I think now it's been a couple of years we can probably talk about it. They siop the world into believing they should be afraid of the common cold. They siop the world into this. And if you think about how...  difficult that would be to do. How difficult would it be to sire up the entire population of Earth? Well, what you do is you just lie on repeat and you don't allow anyone to say anything counter to it without hurting them the same way I've been hurt. And you just sire up on it. It's actually amazing because now I use that exact same sire up on people. I love it. I love it. So when I sit with someone who's not matrix mind, when I sit with someone who is matrix mind, they'll come to BBC walked in here. I'm like, do you all have your vaccinations? Social distancing. Social distancing. Did you actually all? 100%. Social distancing, please. I mean, look at me like I'm crazy. Well, how am I crazy? Two years ago, you were telling me to do this. Now when I repeat your own worldview to you, I'm crazy. Well, if I'm crazy, guess what? You're a fucking liar because you lied the whole time. So either you're a liar or I'm not. How could I be nuts? Put your fucking mask on. If I ever talk to any of these clowns again, they're going to be fully masked up. And I refuse. I don't care if you've had two booster jabs. No, I want all six. All six injections. I want paperwork. Or gifts. Oh, you're not coming in the house. I'm scared of cold.  It's dangerous. I believe the mainstream media. I'm scared. This word you keep using Sia. I've never heard this would it's short for psychological operations. Correct. Break that down. What exactly is a Sia? Yeah. A Sia is the matrix as a whole. Does a psychological, psychological operations are constant? They constantly decide how they want you to think and what they can do to make you believe that. Right? There's a whole bunch of them they do. But it starts with tolerance. That's what I don't like about this whole guise of tolerance. It's not the common intolerant person. It's not that I'm a bad person. It's not that I want to hurt other people. But when they keep pushing tolerance, what they're trying to say is have no standards or barriers or parameters for anything. That's what they want. You have to be tolerant. Tolerant of what? Tolerant of having your shop set on fire, tolerant of your kids being tall things you don't want. Tolerant of crime, tolerant of your house, the tolerant of what? You're not allowed any hard barrier, any hard parameters as a man anymore. That's what they push tolerance. That's the beginning of it. That's the first stage. Once you accept absolute tolerance, well that is the end, isn't it? I'm tolerant of everything. I'll eat the bugs.  You tolerate everything. I'm tolerant, sure. So when I say things like I'm intolerant in certain things and people think that's bad, no, you need to have standards and parameters. And that's one of the reasons they also attack me. I say that men should be allowed to have standards and parameters in a relationship and in their lives. We should be allowed to decide who we just want to marry and we should have standards for her. They have standards for us. We should allow ourselves to have standards for her. We should have standards in what we'll accept from a government and standards in what we'll accept from a police force. We should have standards as men, but they're trying to erode all of that because once that's gone, then your brain is completely empty and then once your brain's empty, they can just plug in the slave program and then it's over, right? You're a tolerant person. You're a tolerant person. Good. You're a good slave. Slaves are exceptionally tolerant. So the shirt you wear is what? Escape the slave mind? Resist the slave mind. Resist the slave mind. Resist that means that. Resist. Resist. Resist. But I want to do this before we get into it because we got five hours ago. We got plenty of time to get into a lot of different topics. So one, I do want to talk about BBC. The handling of the interview I want to give.  your thoughts on it. I know there's been reactions, but I want to go a little bit deeper into it. Because I want to compare how your start with the interview with BBC Startup versus Philip Schoolfield versus Mosque. I got all the first questions we'll cover that. I want to talk about media. I want to talk about your evolution of your faith, atheists, Christian, Muslim. And then some of the things that's going on with politics right now, you know, maybe a little bit of Romania, you know, Trump will cover what you're talking about with different things. It's funny. You're saying monopoly on power, monopoly on power. If you use it, now YouTube's turning around and saying, hey, you can talk about the election. We're no longer going to give the strike. So that doesn't work forever. First thing I want to talk about, I think the audience would like to know, for you interested, 92 days in the dungeon, you know, you're in jail, your experience in there. We keep hearing about it. We read about it. But what was it like for you guys being in there? So I'll start by saying, and I have to make this clear, that the staff in the jail were simply nice to me.  They were very apologetic. The vibe was apologetic. Nobody was really treating me like a criminal. There were a few guys who were icy cold, I guess you could call them. They'd like to think of themselves as professional, but they were just inhuman. But over time, they warmed up, and I was exceptionally nice also to all the staff. Jail was terrible. I'm going to start by saying Jail was terrible, and I was miserable inside of the jail cell. It's a good thing depression isn't real because I would have been depressed. But I think in life that you get what you give, and I want to feel happier, so I try my very best to make people happy. So when the old lady would bring me my food, I would sit and say, oh, this is the best food I've ever had. I've never had food this good. Did you cook this? I thought yesterday was the best, but you managed to surpass it again. How'd you do it? What's the magic ingredient? And I ended up making friends with them. I had grandmas in there, the old ladies cooking the food. And by trying to make people happy and smile all the time, I started to feel a lot happier. But it's kind of scary, and I think the scariest thing about Jail was...  uncertainty of the goal. They would have said to me you're in jail for 92 days or even five years. You've got five years. Cool, I do my time. But when you're nabbed and thrown in a cell without charge, you're like, how long is this my life? Is this it now? Is this the end of the story? I'm just in this cell. And I was picked up on 29th December. I went through this quick court case. Like I said, I'm inside of the jurisdiction of Romania. So, I'd be very careful with what I say because the case is ongoing and we're in Romania and I can't leave Romania. But obviously, Romanian court is in Romanian by law. So, you're marched into this room. Everyone speaks a language. You don't understand for 15 minutes. And then you're marched off to jail. You're like, what even happened? What even happened to me? And they said, oh, here's the paper that explains it. I was like, that's in Romanian. And they said, oh, don't worry, you'll get a translation to English by law. I was like, okay, that's fine. But because I was picked up on 29th December and there was New Year's Eve and holidays, that it was two weeks before I even knew why I was in jail. Two solid weeks I'm in jail. I'd no one told me in English why I'm in jail. I had no idea what the chain they do that.  By law you get it on the piece of paper in English, but there's translation. It's holiday. We need to find a translator that is a delay and you speak Zero Romanian zero So they said oh, yeah human trafficking. What do you mean human trafficking? Who when what what is this? Two weeks before I finally got a piece of paper and that I realized what garbage truly was I mean I knew it was garbage Well, like this is complete garbage So um, yeah, I have endless stories from jail. It was it was certainly I think I don't think jail teaches you much new What it does is confirm everything you already know it confirms everything you know about the reality of the outside world that you need to be physically Strong so that you're not attacked by others and mentally strong so you're not attacked by yourself You need to you learn who's on your side and who isn't you learn who's a coward and who's not you learn who's an Opportunist and who isn't you're your circle you certainly learn a lot about the people around you when you go to a jail So that's for sure, but I remember it was New Year's Eve What else first picked up?  up in the 29th of December, I was very sure I'd be out in the frowse. So there's no way they're going to keep me for what? Like, it doesn't make sense. So finally, New Year's Eve rolls around, and I'm sitting in the jail cell by myself. And in Romanian jail, you don't leave the room. It's not like an American jail where there's a yard or anything you're stuck in the room. It's three by four and that's your existence. You just stay in the room. You buy yourself 24 hours a day. At the beginning, I was by myself. And you're stuck in this room, and I'm sitting there, it's New Year's Eve, and there's a very faint speaker, maybe way down the hallway. The guards must have been having a little party for New Year's Eve. And there's this awful song. It's called the ketchup song. I don't know if you know what it is. I don't want to sing it, but it goes, hey, uh-huh, uh-huh. Of course. That super annoying song. And I'm sitting there, and I know it's New Year's Eve, because the fireworks start going off. And I'm looking out my tiny window, and I can just hear the very long distance on the end of the hallway.  I said, I don't know why. This can't be it. This can't be the end of my life. Even the cockroaches all over the walls didn't celebrate. There's maybe 15 cockroaches on the walls, right? And when it struck 12 and the fireworks went off, I kind of like, well, who's my friends in here? The cockroaches. I looked at that and even they didn't. It's like, well, that's New Year's. It's funny because before that, a couple of days before that, me and Tristan were discussing, do we want to do New Year's and Dubai? Do we want to go course of all? Shall we go Miami? We're all arguing. Oh, that will be boring. Now that's too far. We had all these grander plans. So finally, we decided to go to Dubai. We were in Checker Public at the time and we decided to go to Dubai. And I said, let's stop in Romania so I can repack a suitcase. That's it. That's the only reason. That's the only reason. So Jet, left Prague, landed in Romania. My jet was still on the runway. Came here overnight to pack suitcase. Spent the night, spoke to Greta with the pizza box, and it's 5 a.m. to go. Before I flew back to Dubai. So that was my infamous Greta pizza box situation. How much you think?  there's anything linked to Greta. Is there anything because of timing of it? Yeah, I don't think she specifically said it. Of course. But there are certainly people within the matrix machine that you can't attack without catching a flag for. There are certainly protected people. It's absolutely not really a club. And you're either in the club or you're outside of the club. She's certainly in the club, right? So if you say certain things about certain people or you get a beef with X amount of people or you discredit a certain person, they're going to try very hard to teach you a lesson for doing that. And you can see very clearly who's in the club and who isn't by the Phillips-co-field situation. This is a man who has groomed boys and had sex with them. But he's in the club. All of the media headlines after two days are let's have compassion, feel sorry for him. His mother's upset. They've attacked me for 14 months, day after day after day. And they relentlessly attack me. Nobody talks about my mental health. Nobody gives a shit how I feel.  I didn't do any of the things he did. He's actually done things. I haven't done anything. But when you're in the club, you're protected by the media. When you're not in the club, you're attacked by the media. And that's how it simply works. You're either on our side or you're not. But to join their side, you have to sell your soul. Your sanity has a price. Your sanity is for sale. You have to sell it. You have to come along with your sanity. Take out your mind and say, here you go. Take my sanity. I'll take 35 million. Yes, that is a woman. Yes, protect me. It's insane. And the reason these people join these clubs because they know they're doing bad things and they feel that they need protection. The reason I stand up and argue against all this shit is because I know I don't have skeletons in my closet. You think I'd be on the internet talking like I talk and fighting the matrix in my skeletons in my closet? I was actually a bad person. I've been investigated as deeply as a person can be investigated by multiple federal agencies. For 14 months, I was locked into jail cell. And 2,000 people I know was called. My barber, my old housekeeper from when I lived in England nine years ago. My gardener I used to have in another country I lived in.  Everybody was called and people were offered bribes effectively the media are calling girls saying if you have a bad story to tell about Andrew We can pay you 30 thousand dollars if you have a bad story. That's a bribe That's a bribe and they still couldn't find anyone still I've been investigated to a deeper level than 99.9% of people you cross on the street and they're saying I'm guilty. I'm a bad person you put you go get 20 men off the street And put them through what I've been through you'll find more crimes than you've ever found with me Absolute clown world is insane and if I was part of the club none of this would be happening the media would be on my side They would be hit me this hard. They wouldn't be lying about me all I had to do was sell my soul and sell my sanity And I refused and they're trying to punish me for it. That's what's happening. It's funny. You say this When we watch the BBC interview with Musk, right? And he goes up and the guy opens up the question with why did you agree to do this interview? He says well, I don't know what's the name of the BBC and he's trying to mock them and all this stuff And there's a part of it where you know he calls them out for the mistakes they made and if you go to the bottom of the interview on BBC You'll see comments section  saying why you cut that out. Because Musk puts it on Twitter, but they didn't put it in the interview. Then you watch the interview with you. The first question they asked you was, what's the first question? Hey, you've been accused of serious rape or something like that, right off the bat they asked that question of you. And then you see the interview, Lucy Williams, and I believe her first question was, you're facing some very serious allegations. Have you raped anybody? That's the open question that they asked you. And the video they put up, the first one they take it down, the second video they put up, this 12 minutes like the highlight one, the comment section is open. There's 80,000 plus comments there. Then you look at Philip Skolfield. You just brought a Philip Skolfield for people that don't know who Philip Skolfield. Do you not explain to people who he is? Yeah, he was a TV presenter in England. He was very famous. He ran the morning show. And he was grooming children for a very long time. And all the staff knew about it. And the people who worked on the show with them were being groomed by him. And everybody knew. And it was all.  a big jahaja joke and now he's come out saying oh please don't pick on me I feel sad and the media saying I'll leave the guy alone. He is when you go look up as Wikipedia it says he rose to prominence as children's BBC continuity presented from 85 to 87 then went on to do programs on BBC and ITV for going live this morning dancing on ice all-star Mr and Mrs the cube and a bunch of other things and they interview him. While he's going through the mess you know after 27 years of being married this one guy that he groomed since 10 years old his name is McGreevy I want to say something McGreevy that he's going through the process Matthew McGreevy they met at 10 years old at a theater group at 15 years old Philip follows him on Twitter while the kid is 15 he follows him on Twitter the guy celebrates it long story short Ruth lengths for they work together with she falls to complaint then right after following the complaint McGreevy  gets fired, then he has to take a break. And he comes out after 27 years telling his wife, you know, and I'm gay, I'm coming out of the closet. He's got two daughters, but there's a part of it where Matthew calls his wife and says, hey, your husband and I had an affair together. When I was 19 the first time in 20, nobody knows if it was before or not. The interesting thing about him is his brother Timothy Skolfield, I don't know if you know about his brother. Oh, what the one who's in jail for being a pedophile? Was convicted of 11 sexual offenses involving a child between October 2016 and 2019, including two sexual activity with a child. Here's how the interview started. First question, the guy asked him. He says, you've had quite a week. How are you? Open question. Versus the question they ask you on the opening, right? And then he turns around and says, the media's interest in the affair was motivated partly because of my homophobia. A legend that an affair with a much younger woman would have not generated such a scandal. So he gets protected. Yep.  And he says, all those people who write those stuff, today everything that there's actually a person on the other end, right? This is the part where even when somebody's watching you and saying, why are they taking him to court? Maybe he did something. Why are they taking Trump to court? Maybe he did something. Why are they taking this guy? He must have done something. There must have been something there, right? It's stuff like this, BBC does. If BBC are watching this, right? I want to kind of remind you of your mission statement that you have on your website. We're going to put the link below to your mission statement. You can go find it. Here's what your mission statement is, BBC. This is why you've lost some credibility the last couple of years. To act in public interest, serving all audiences through the provision of impartial, keyword impartial, high quality and distinctive output and services which inform, educate and entertain. You say you inform, educate, you entertain, yet you conceal, misinformed, and your content's quite frankly boring. You're cherry picking on people that you're talking to. So a message like that gets the average.  person to say, everything with you is allegedly. Everything he did is proven. His brother is proven yet, let's leave him alone. Poor guy, let's target him. This is where their argument has leaks in it. Some other like you can tear it up. Absolutely. Philip is part of the club and I'm not. And this is the thing. I'm a mentally resilient person, right? 14 months, they've attacked me. I'm not going to sit and complain about that because that's not how I operate as a man. 14 months, they've complained about me. If you look in, if you type, you Romania, you're human trafficking, you type in. Any of these things, my name comes up, my face. I'm a bad person. I've lost all my bank accounts. I've lost all my social media accounts. I've been vilified all across the matrix in every single possible way. They print my face every single day with something negative next to it, day. Nobody gives a shit about my mental health, right? Because I'm the enemy. And what's scary about this is Lucy Williamson herself. She was begging me for an interview. The BBC were begging me for an interview. I don't need any of these people. The only reason I even sat down with the BBC is because they were...  begging me, I can go and just say my own words and get plenty of views, right? But the whole time I was in jail, they're begging me for an interview. Can we speak to them on the phone? Maybe we can give an interview from jail. Can we have an interview? Please, please, please, please. And I was saying, why do I want to talk to the BBC? And the BBC were saying, no, we don't want to do a hit piece. We want to come across, we want to be involved. This is what they're telling you. We want to be impartial. We believe there's a side of the story that hasn't been told. We're really interesting and we're really interested in some of the, let's say, what's the word, I would only get this wrong. Inconsistencies in the Romanian Justice System, we're very interested in his side of the story. There's been enough hit pieces. We want to tell the other side. We want to hear Andrew take story. And I said, no, on repeat. Then they sent me a list of questions. I didn't even ask for a list of questions. That's not who I am. I don't have to script. I never asked a list of questions. They sent me a list of questions. Here's what we're going to ask. It's about his mental health. It's about the Romanian Justice System. It's about the fact he hasn't been charged. As liberty's been deprived. All this stuff, and I thought, well, that's kind of interesting. Maybe it's going to be interesting. And the matrix is all...  They print lies about me and these are some interesting questions from the Matrix of the first time ever. Okay, they walk in here all smiles and happy. All smiley faces try to take me off guard. I already had my list of questions, right? It was all gonna be nice and easy. I sit down and they instantly attack me. They put the camera on first and they attack me, expecting me to stutter and make a fool of myself. It's kind of like they tried to suck her punch me. I'm into club and they're my friend shaking my hand and they tried to hit me and knocked me out. And this is the thing that's so amazing about it. Yes, I destroyed the BBC. But of course I did because I'm smarter than all of them. But why should I have to rely on my wit and intellect to destroy BBC with their research team and their plan? Their deliberate plan to try and annihilate my not only my credibility, but my life. They are trying to put me back in jail, these people. They're not dishonest. They're genuinely evil and they don't give a shit. So why should I even sit there and entertain them? I believe I could slip every single sucker punch. They throw at me for the rest of human time. I can sit with any of these clowns. And no matter who they sit with.  the research team, whatever garbage they come up with, I make a fool of all of them. But why am I even entertaining them anymore? What's the point? That was the last chance I gave mainstream media. They lied for months to get that interview with me. Completely dishonest head to toe. And like you said, they sit with Philip, are you okay? Are you okay? We heard your mums upset, that poor old lady. Maybe everyone should stop talking about it because his mums upset. Let's not talk about anymore, because his mother's old. You're either part of the club or you're not. You have to sell your sanity nowadays. If you sell your sanity, you're afforded protections. That's the reality of it, because if you're a same thinking person, you don't buy their bullshit. And that's what upset them. They don't want anybody who thinks for themselves. They need you to not believe it exactly what's on the television screen. Believe in COVID, it's COVID now. It's COVID now. Oh, Putin's invaded Ukraine. Putin's cured COVID now. Now it's insane. It's insane. Till the next thing comes. It's absolutely assin' on it. Did any of the questions that they sent you ahead of time? See, by the way, we didn't, there was no question how we operate. That's it, it's not. What's so ever? Did they ask you any of the questions?  Zero they were gonna ask zero they start with an attack and it became a battle instantly They ask you at any point what jail was like your mental health was like Zero like you completely missed the mark when everyone wants to know what was jail like Well, but they don't even ask you that question But this is what's so interesting about it these people are so detached from reality because they are genuinely detached from reality They think that finding a video I made eight years ago a four-hour Speech I made eight years ago and finding one line of it without context that can be misconstrued They think that's sitting down with me and saying that to me is an aha moment Nobody cares because you're taking out of context one and I said you're taking things out context She goes I'm not taking out a context. I said if you're presenting it without context that's taking out of context That's what it is you're lying by omission I said that to her after the cameras off and she looked me because she didn't understand when you omit details When you refuse to put in all of the details you can lie by including one detail which may happen to be true You could tell the truth and  and miss all the details around the truth and you are lying by omission. You're lying by omission. And you're sitting here saying, oh, you said this eight years ago, nobody cares because they know me and they know I didn't mean it in that way and they know it's taken out of context and they know that it's an old video on the internet and it's not even a hall moment they think it is. But they just want to sit with you for an hour, attack you and attack you and attack you, wait for you to make one mistake. If I would have stuttered or made a single mistake, that's the only three minutes they would have shown it. That's all they want. They want that one hour and they take the little bit with me, they cut it down to 12 minutes and look terrible on all of it. But if I would have made a single mistake, would have been the only bit they shown. That's all they care about. Fake news. Did you tell them, did you say, I'm only doing this if I'm able to record as well? I said that. I know that's what happened with Trump as well a couple of years ago. I didn't even tell them, I just recorded it. Okay, so they didn't know you were recording. They didn't know I was recording until afterwards and then I said, that was dishonest. I'm gonna release the whole video. You told them before you released it. I told them. There is no contract or agreement with BBC. Nothing was signed. It was just simply an interview. Okay, because I think that was very important.  you released it for people to see what fully was said versus, and by the way, you know the Phillips school field, the interview that they put up, the 12-minute one that just came out, you know the comments are turned off. Of course they are. The comments are turned off, yours are turned on, his has turned off, and who knows many reason why they would do that, but go back to the BBC. So okay, they come, they want to ask the questions of you. For some of the people that maybe aren't following the story closely, but they know who you are. The car we are driving, and a lot of people are asking questions, we ask the drivers, okay, are you going to a taste place? I don't know, we are going to a taste place. And he says, who is a taste? I will tell us about the taste, what is it? What kind of a guy you see? He is actually really like him. I say, why do you think he is going through what he is going through right now? Oh, it is because it is always because of money. Okay, so we are at a different restaurant. So tell us, why are you going through this? Why is everybody saying a similar thing about this, right? But for those who don't know, there are three different camps. The camp that already sees you guilt.  It doesn't matter what they read. So for example, this story here, you know, from BBC K-MOD just last night, 1030, Andrew Tate choked me until I passed that UK woman claims, right? This is Alice, another anonymous name, just like Sophie, right? But there's three camps. There's those that say, well, look, I'm already thinking his guilty. I don't like him anyways. I need anything to get me to think his guilty. Whatever it takes, I don't have to do my own due diligence. I just have to do anything. Then there's a camp that's a die-hard fan. There's nothing you can do that they did wrong. You can, you know, and their eyes are going to be wrong. Then you have to people in the middle that are the reasonable ones that are saying, you know what? Let me look at this. What about this? What about that? The people in the middle may say the following question. They may say, and I may have asked this question from you last time as well. They may say, Andrew, okay, if this guy is so innocent, how can they get you to go to the dungeon for 92 days? How can they put you on house arrest? How can they do all this stuff? If you're somebody that was born in the US.  you lived in UK, how come somebody else isn't coming to bail you out? You got there from lawyers, how is it that they can keep doing this to you if you're not guilty? What do you say to those people? Yeah, and once again I have to be careful what I say because of the court case, but Romania has a law, or the law in Romania is basically, if you can prove to a judge that it might have happened, they're allowed to hold you up to six months during the investigation stage. If I was guilty of anything, I would have been charged long ago. And we're going to talk about charge as soon because I still believe that it had attempted to charge me. But we're now approaching the end of the six months they can keep me under a form of arrest for without charge. Typically in Romania when I was first arrested, the guard said, ah, within two weeks you'll have your indictment. It was like two weeks ago, you have everyone gets charged quickly. Nobody waits six months for a charge. If they arrest you, they charge you like every other country, right? The fact they've waited six months and gone into my entire life and attempted to find something, shows they don't have a case. Why I believe it happened is because they didn't have a...  when they were trying to hit me with this garbage and they thought, you know what, if we put them all over the news, if we slander his name completely, if we, there was a hotline set up, if you're a girl who's in a hurt my undertake call this number in the UK, a hotline. So they were attempting to use the media to find what they wanted. Months go by, months go by, months go by, case files empty, nothing's happening. My lawyer is saying, when we're in closest case file, like, yeah, we're just waiting for some papers, we're going to close it, we're going to close it, we're going to close it. Around the time I was canceled, things started appearing in the case file. They start spying on me again. Very interesting that it happened around that time. I don't know if they understood that I didn't have, I wasn't protected by the political class of the USA, I don't know what happened. They started to build this case and they spied on me for all of these months, spending millions of euros, spying on me everywhere I went, trying to find evidence of a crime. Eventually they get to the end of their legal limit, spying on me, and they don't have any crime. They don't have anything. So in my current court case, we have two Americans.  who live, the ones who we have, the conversations between them saying they're going to ask her for life, to the police, we have the CCTV of them coming and going, we have their Uber records showing they can travel the country freely, we have their phone calls with their mother where they're saying, yeah, he didn't hurt me, my boyfriend caught me, that we have all of it, we have all the evidence, we have those two, and then there's nobody else who could possibly even take the stand. I don't believe as high level as this matrix attack is, I still don't believe a Romanian judge is going to put me in jail with the dossier, a scene in his garbage. I don't think I'm going to end up in jail, but it's just taking years of my life, damaging my influence, having bad things to say about me, keeping me under control, keeping me locked in a house, that's all they want to do. They have no interest in the truth, there's no victims, there's no one to take the stand. Do you know who Sophie is or Alice is or no? Yes, so the BBC, that's really interesting. So then the BBC says, well, we found victims because the BBC have done enough investigative journalism to understand that the case is garbage and they have no victims. So they say, well, we found victims, they found one called Sophie first, that was a few months ago, I think I was doing it.  and Jail and Sophie appeared. Is that her real name? No, that's her fake name. So they have a girl with a fake name called Sophie. They don't show her face. They ask me, what do you think about Sophie? How can I comment on Sophie when Sophie isn't real? Firstly, you've made her up. Secondly, I don't know who you're talking about. You're saying that nine years ago, I was emotionally controlling? That's the most subjective garbage accusation. What does that mean? Nine years ago, I said you shouldn't party with those guys in the club, is that what I said? I don't know what I said. I don't know who she is. She exists at all. And they're saying nine years ago, you're emotionally controlling Sophie said, so who's Sophie? We're not telling you. What's emotionally controlling mean? We're not telling you. What do you, what comment do you want me to do? If this person even exists, which they don't, then I destroy the BBC, make it very clear to them that Sophie doesn't exist on repeat because she doesn't. And two days later, Alice appears. What's interesting about this is that, Decaw, the federal agency inside of Romania, along with help from international partners, have tried so hard, spending millions of euros, with feds...  rule level tools to find a victim so they can put me in jail and they can't find anyone but the BBC just pulls them up whenever they want the BBC does. Where do these people come from? And I say this every single time if anybody believes they've been wrong, male or female, buy me, go to the police. Go to the police. I encourage you to go to the police. All these people say we don't want to go to the police. We just want to say on the news. What is that because you're not real? Is that why? That's the pretty convenient. I mean I thought it was a bad person. Why don't you go to the cops? Oh, because you have no evidence and it doesn't exist? That's why. Are all these accusers in the UK not even in Romania? No, even in Romania. So Sophie and Alice are supposedly both from the UK and Alice's stories. To correct, it's not Alice. I said Alice, it's Evie. Evie or Evie or something like that. Evie. So made up names. It's all made up. Yes. We could call what I'm a name of one. Yeah. Evie is saying 13 years ago. I choked or something. Yeah. By the way, when is the six-month time limit? End of this come. Okay. And do we reference the tweet you just posted a couple days ago? I want to stay on the shirts comment to gun Evie and you're going to say something about Evie, what she said 10. So she's.  was claiming 10 years ago, 13 years ago, you guys had the consensual sex the first time. She comes back for the second time around. According to the story, she says she was being, your hand was on her throat, strangled me. She was passed out for a minute and then she came back and she said, I did not approve of the second time having sex after she was passed out. So these stories they're making, you know, and then she says, the guy asked a question saying, how come you didn't do any police report back then. It's just, well, because it's not fully rape and it's not that because it was consensual. I kind of wanted to be there and I didn't tell anybody about it six years later. There's way too many things that doesn't give it credibility for somebody to say, I didn't do anything about it then, but six years later, I told my friends three or six years later. Yeah. And this is the thing that's scary. If you say to any red blood male 13 years ago, you had sex with a woman consensually and she's now unhappy about how that sex happened. You can get any man on the earth can get screwed with that. If this person exists at all, and like you said, sure, if you...  to go to the police if she exists. And she's saying it was consensual. I think last night they aired it on Newsnight, and she literally said, why are you coming forward now? And I think this actor, the person literally said, because now he's rich and famous. They literally said those words. That's what they said. Oh, because now he's rich and famous, I think it's unfair. It's as a matter of fact. I don't understand genuinely how a man can protect himself in the Western world anymore. How can he even exist anymore? If this is what they're going to hit you with, as soon as you get to a certain level of influence, there's no man on earth who's safe from this. I said this to my judges. I had a few male judges. I said, they could do this to you. They could do this to anyone. They could do to you or you or me or any man watching this, any man watching this. They can put in the BBC nine years ago you did something. They won't tell you her name. They won't give you any chance to defend yourself. Do you have no idea what the fuck I'm talking about? And they will print it on repeat until you lose your job and lose your bank and lose your social media. And then you're going to sit there bankrupt and depressed. And then they're just going to move on from you. And if you don't die, if you're like me, a cockroach refuses to die, if you sit around and refuse to...  go away, they're gonna make up a new one. It's crazy. And it's genuinely scary. And you're not safe from it anywhere anymore. I will say right now on this podcast, I encourage absolutely anybody who believes I've harmed them, male or female to go to the police with evidence and will go to court. Let's do it. I don't harm people. If I was harming people, I wouldn't be out here as open as I was. The biggest criminals, the biggest gangsters, the most heinous people on earth, don't have social media. You know this. Do I see a guy with an Instagram pretending he's a gangster? He's got a gangster. The real gangster hasn't gone Instagram. But that's the reality of it. You think I'm the most Google man in the world that I've been running around hurting people? It's absolutely insane. And I think there has been a shift into consciousness. I think especially because of COVID and a few other things, people are starting to understand that all these people do is love. I think people are starting to understand that. And the harder they try and hurt me with these lies, the less people believe it. Which is scary for me. Like I said earlier, it's scary. They keep coming up with more garbage. The bullets keep bouncing off. So now they're sitting around going, we.  can't convince the world this person is a bad person. How do we get rid of him? That's the scary part. You were gonna say something. Yeah, follow up. I didn't want to go there. The six months, you know, it's coming up right now. It's coming up June 29th, I believe. Right. Okay, you put out a tweet recently. You said the six month time limit is running out. Right, there's zero evidence against me unless they invent something against me, right? And then you ask a poll. You said if they charge me with an empty bullet and it still takes a year to beat it and it allows them to save face, they're hoping that the world will basically forget about all this. What do you think they will do? And you gave people three options. Option one, let me go. Option two, charge me with no evidence. Option three, invent and frame attempt. The results were, 38% let me go, right? 35% invent and frame attempt. And option two, and third place, charge me with no evidence, 27%, 38%, 35%, 27%. So basically it's, it's, it's.  It's pretty even. So what do you think is gonna happen? The people, the 38% of people who think they're gonna let me go, I think her excuse me naive. I go to sleep every night, every morning, I wake up instinctually at 5 a.m. Because that's when they raid your house. I wake up at like 459. I just fucking shoot up. Because they bust in my house three times now. It's not nice to have a bunch of men with guns bust in your house. It's not a nice experience. So every single morning I wake up expecting them to just turn up again with something else and drag me back to a prison. Who knows what? Make it up. But the fact they made up this particular crime is because it's a hit piece and it's a slander on my reputation. If they would have done the same thing, let's say for a tax evasion. Would anyone care? No. A rich guy didn't pay up a piece of it. No, no one cares. We have to hurt his name. Human trafficking. Think about it. Think about that. I said this to the judge. How does it make sense? A man with no criminal record who is financially successful decides to begin to human trafficking at 35 years of age.  I have no financial motivation. It's clearly not my personality profile. I don't need money. Why have I begun to human traffic from nowhere? It doesn't even make any sense from a pure logical perspective. There's no motive to the crime. Who will my human traffic? Who is the victim? There's no victims if there's no motive. And here I am on house with. It's insane. So yeah, it's genuinely intimidating. I don't know what's gonna happen next. I believe they're gonna try, they're gonna try and charge me with the garbage they have. And I think what they're trying to do is just hang it over my head and keep me afraid. Do you think the idea of trying to either silence you or make you irrelevant is working? Meaning do you think you're more relevant today than you were on September 1st? Is that strategy they're implementing working? No, they're failing and the reason they're failing is because God's put me in a position where I have to lead from the front. I think that in the days of old when politics used to mean something politics. I believe in politics as long  as the leader of the country charges on his horse at the enemy at the front. Then you're allowed to be king. Then I'll listen to your laws. That's politics. When you send other people's kids to die in a war and you sit on your ass, that's not politics to me. But now I'm in a position where I'm spearheading by God's plan, the rights that face the every man on earth. They could do this to anybody. So I think any man with a brain who's thinking is looking at my position and going, they could hit me or my friends or my son or my dad the same way they're hitting this guy. And that builds a degree of affinity among small audience. So no, they failed. They failed. They made a hero out of me, which is what I'm actually scared of. I'm I am scared by the incompetence of my enemy. I am scared by the fact that they are failing. It's so monumentally. If they had been half successful with the cancellation, none of this would have happened. If the cancellation made me an obscure internet personality, it'd be over. If I were to just allow them to beat me, none of this would have happened. But I beat them. And that's the problem. Now I'm sitting here going, okay, well...  Well, after I destroyed the BBC, Tristan gave me a high five. He said, oh, you wrecked him. They're going to look so stupid. I said, bro, we've sunk the HMS hood. HMS hood in World War II, HMS hood was the British battleship. It was the flagship of the Royal Navy. And the Royal Navy was obviously renowned. It has been for hundreds of years. It was the best battleship. And it was up against German battleships with the Bismarck. And the hood should have outgunned the Bismarck. And it was the best German ship against the best British ship. By absolute fluke, the Bismarck on its first volley or second volley landed a shell perfectly through the top of the hood and blew up the ammo magazine. And in the first shot within minutes, destroyed the entire HMS hood. I think it was like 3,000 people, two survivors. You can find the video on YouTube, the hood, blow into pieces. When Churchill found out the hood was some, he said, sink the Bismarck don't care what it costs. He sent every ship, every plane, every sub, and divert it from every other mission. It doesn't care if we lose every plane we have, don't care if we lose the RF. We cannot lose.  without him losing the Bismarck. Sink the Bismarck. When the Bismarck sunk the hood, all of the crew were celebrating except the captain. The captain updated his will. The update his will and telegraphed home to his wife and sink the bike. Because he knew. When I destroyed the BBC, my brother was celebrating. I knew, as a Tristan, no. You don't beat the British broadcast and corporation to make fools of them like this without some new bullshit. We sunk the hood. And he's like, oh, we'll see. Oh, who's this? Evie? Evie. I fucking knew it. I'm winning too well. I'm scared by the incompetence of these clans. But I don't know what else I'm supposed to do. Am I supposed to lose? I'm genuinely looking for guidance here. Am I supposed to roll over and fucking lose? When they're lying about me and slandering my name and trying to put me back in a fucking dungeon, back with the cockroaches? All I could do is protest my innocence, but there's such idiots. I make them look so stupid. And then there's egos involved. You think Lucy Williamson hasn't been called into a meeting room with some BBC producer saying, you made a fool of us? Yes, she has. There's egos involved. Big, big, big.  I'm an ego investment in hurting me now. And I keep winning. So I don't know I'm in a very precarious scenario. Do I continue to win? Do I let them win a bit? Do I just roll over and shut up? What am I supposed to do? I don't know what the right move is. It's difficult. You sincerely don't know what the right move is. I sincerely have decided that the best thing I can do is stay true to my faith and say true to God and tell the truth and fight. The right move for me, I believe, is to fight. And fight to the end because I think that suicide is always the wrong option. I believe if you're putting a bad position, the best thing you should possibly do is fight to the best of your ability, which is what I'm going to do. However, if I was looking at it purely logically without any kind of ideological motivations, perhaps if I were to shut up when they wanted me to, I wouldn't be in this scenario. But that's just not who I am. You know, Alexander the Great didn't have to keep conquering. Genghis Khan didn't need to take Vienna. He could have just chill. He kept going. So I feel like when I'm in a position where I don't know what I'm supposed to do, the best thing I can do is just look to God.  until the truth. And that's what I'm doing. I want to ask you one more question regarding human trafficking because this is a heinous charge. Absolutely. I mean this is not light weight stuff. You famously ran a webcam business. Perfectly legal. Nothing wrong with that. I can't tell you how many women are doing only fans these days. Webcam business. How much of a reason was that a correlation for the human trafficking, the sex trafficking, the webcam business, how much did they correlate that? Well, he must be human trafficking. He's running a webcam business. They didn't know correlation. Zero correlation. So they haven't even charged any of the webcam business. Zero. Zero. And what's crazy is it's crazy. People assume that, right? It's crazy because one, it's not legal. And two, you can go drive down the high street of Romania. There's webcam studios on some of the most popular businesses in the country. It's not even illegal. And that was a past life. We're talking about something happened 10 years ago. It was that long ago. It was about 10 years ago. Yeah. It was at the very beginning of it. The very beginning of the whole idea of this, that industry. The MNEC is an application which allows you to take a minute to connect with influencers.  from all around the world. My name is Andrew Tate, and I'm available to speak directly to you on Menette. I think it's just perception. I understand I have this perception. And I think a lot of people who are also disliked me. A lot of the reason they disliked me so much is my perception. I've had people who say, I hate what you say. So what do I say? And after talking to them a while they say, it's not what you say, it's how you say. Of course. It's the perception of aggression. It's the perception of masculinity that they're afraid of. It's like in the words. They might like the words. It's my delivery. So I understand perception can be a reality to a degree. I accepted that maybe the first month, thousand jails. I understand when you have a message which is complicated. And masculinity as a whole is a very complicated tapestry. That the best way to instill it and teach it is to break it down to its core. Break it down to its core beliefs. So I've evolved way beyond Lamborghini's and chicks. But masculinity as a whole is a very complicated tapestry. You need to have the emotionality. You need to have the times you feel like crying and you don't. You need to have.  the times you can be aggressive, you need to have the time so you can be violent to protect your family. It's very complicated and you can't teach that, especially to the young generation in spite of the constant propaganda they have coming in their ears very easily. So I break it down to a very core message and the core message is that I have financial freedom. So it's hard to tell what to do. And I have sexual access because I'm respected by women. And I have a good network because I'm respected by men. I break it down to those core things. And those core things are what I build my, that's how you build the tapestry of masculinity. Because if you don't have those three core things, you can never build the rest of it. That's the beginning of it. If you don't have those three things, it's hard to build the rest. So anybody who doesn't look into my message properly, I mean, I'm sure these people who are after me have never listened to me speak at length, ever. Ever. They just look at a picture. He's on a boat. There's three girls on the boat. There's no way those girls are happy with that because my wife hates me. And there's three of them. So he has to go to jail. And that's what's happening. It's that baseline. I truly believe it's that baseline. But how will...  Well, can I teach my message as complicated as it is without first breaking down and proving you have success in the most core levels of it, right? Before you learn to box, you jab and you cross. Before you do all the complicated stuff, you do the basic stuff. So a lot of it is people looking at my message, not understanding how detailed it is, not understanding how positive it is, looking at the baseline instincts which I teach and which I use to advertise my success as a whole to people to show and say, look, I clearly know what I'm talking about to a degree because I have things that you want. And you're a man so you can't tell me you would don't want them. Every man wants this, every man wants one of these. And they take all this and they try and weaponize it and use it against me and you're right. It's feminism as a whole that has this idea that if a man is a man unapologetically and he doesn't apologize for being a man that he is a bad person. Which we've discussed at length and I've discussed them a lot of times but it's truly the most crazy thing about all of this is when shit hits the fan. It's exactly the kind of men they hate that they want. Every single time, every single time. You can go out to a bar in America and you can stand here and argue with a feminist and argue with a...  her to the end of time. And if someone ran in there with a gun she would say, Hey you, you go, you're the misogynist, you go protect me. The feminist guy who was on my team, I don't want him to go, I want you to go, please. We don't want Dylan Movinian, the front line. Of course not. And it's hypocritical. And it's hypocritical. And it's done on purpose, it's purported by the matrix, it's done to attack the baseline masculinity of men because they don't want men to be masculine. Because when you're masculine you say no to this. That's all really interesting study once. That was, it had testosterone level and it was linked to your capability to disagree with people. The higher testosterone level the more likely you are to disagree because at a baseline level back before we were more civilizing we are today, if you disagreed with someone you had to fight him. You had to fight that man. For you to say to say you are wrong, there have to be a possibility of violence. If you didn't have the capability for violence you didn't say they're not, you didn't say they were wrong, you just agreed with stuff, so they don't want men who are standing up and saying I don't believe in X. They want to reduce our testosterone levels to reunites so that we sit and say well, I mean...  agree with it but what can I really do about it is what it is and then they have absolute control. Do you think history favors that ideology? Or history eventually a group of men stand up and say yeah listen we've had enough this is not going to be happening. I do believe that in history it's always been the same I believe it's always been a select group of good men who are up against evil and I think they've always been outnumbered and it's always been difficult and they've always suffered. All of them. When I was in jail they're not a letters I got from people and it was just names of and I'm not comparing myself to these people this is the letters I got of Nelson Mandela Martin Luther King Malcolm X Mamad Ali that everyone who was unjustly imprisoned everyone's gone the jail because when you stand up for something they end up trying to put you in jail when you're a good person trying to do good the evil the matrix is a hole is gonna try and throw you in jail that's what they do that's the punishment for it and history's always been the same it's always been a small group of outgunned people who stand up who are to the detriment of themselves too principled to allow injustice and evil to  to thrive and they stand up and they're outgunned and they're outnumbered but they're like, no, I have to tell the truth. If you play a video game and you're the good guy, when you get to the boss at the end, he has more life than you. He has more hit points and he moves faster and he's a cheater. He cheats. He cheats. The bad guy cheats. But you still win because you're good. And that's how that's how the battle has always been. I would love for the world to be another way, but I don't think it's ever been that way. I think if you find any time in history, it's always been the same story. And now I'm in the position where, like I said earlier, what am I supposed to do? Do I have a life path in which I can genuinely help people and do I have a life path in which I can genuinely do some damage to the evil to the world? Well, am I just going to disappear like a coward and let them lie about me and do my time and shut up and delete my Twitter account and just go away.