 The End of the day Andrew, thank you for being with me today. Good morning. Good morning. You're very brave to come into the house of this big scary criminal. You're very brave. Why do you think so? Well, I don't think I'm a big scary criminal. I was being a little bit sarcastic. But I've understood. But it's the most debated case in Romania and maybe in this part of Europe. How did you get into this? It's a really good question. It's a really good question. I think in life, if you shine bright, you cast a shadow. And I don't think that it would be an intelligent outlook to think that you can become one of the most known Googled people on the planet without there being some degree of opposing force, which is going to try and damage your influence. So I think it's simply a side effect of my monumental success. It's not because I'm a bad person. It's not because I've done anything wrong.  is what happens if you shine too brightly. This is what I believe. You've said this is a fabricated case, my whom? Yes, and I have to be careful because I'm inside of Romania. And I want to make it clear to the world that I don't blame Romania for this. This is not Romania's fault. However, when you reach a certain level of influence, there are people who are extremely interested in trying to get you in trouble for something regardless of whether the fact you've actually done anything wrong or not. And there are some extremely motivated individuals who are trying to damage my life, not because I'm a bad person, not because I'm guilty of anything but purely because of my influence. So Romania's... Well, it's a Romanian judicial system now, which I'm putting my faith in. I have faith in the judges to do the right thing. But ultimately, it's Romanian prosecutors and decals which decided to do this. But I don't think that all in all this is Romania's fault. I think that when you reach a certain height...  anywhere in the world, certain things can happen. That's what I truly believe. Who's your enemy? I don't know why I have enemies. I don't think it works that way. I think you just become, and it's not only me, I'm not the only person the world has ever gone through this. I don't think it's about enemies. I think it's about you become a target for very ambitious people. And it can work from the legal side and the criminal side of the world. If I'm an extremely wealthy, well-known person, I'm a target for a mafia gang or a robbery gang or criminals. And you can also be a target for a prosecutor or someone else trying to make a career. So that's what happens when you become very large and you become very successful. I'm not the only person who suffered from this. I don't blame Romania for it. I have faith in the Romanian judicial system. I have faith in the judges to understand what's really happened and it all to be thrown away. I know what I've done and what I haven't done. God knows what I've done and what I haven't done. So I don't really think of it as enemies. I don't think these people are my enemies. I think you just become a large target at a certain level of influence.  and that's the way the world works. It'd be very asinine and pretty childish for me to sit and think, I want to be extremely successful, and I want to have all these amazing things in my life, and I want to work very hard and everybody to know my name, and that's going to come with absolutely zero downside. I think that would be a pretty immature way to view the world. I think that there's balance, there's ying and yang, and there's a bunch of positives from fame and influence, and there's some negatives, and we've experienced some negatives, and all you can do is tell the truth and wait for the justice system to do its job. It was your choice to come to Romania. Correct. Why? I love Romania, and I love Romanian people, and I think that the Western world now is suffering massively and is in decline, and I think it's because they've adopted new think and woke ideologies, which are destroying everything, which is fundamental about the fabric of society. I think that families are destroyed. I think that the education system is teaching.  children things they shouldn't know. I think that society is getting more dangerous. Crime rates increasing. Price of living is increasing. I think that the Western world is suffering massively. And what I loved about Romania when I came here seven years ago is that it's quite traditionally conservative-minded. A lot of the woke insanity you'll see in America won't fly here, won't be accepted here. And I hope they stay that way. I hope Romania protects itself and protects its ideologies and stays a Christian country. And make sure that this new think poisonous agenda is not widely adopted. We'll see as things happen over time. But I loved Romania. I think it's a beautiful country. It's got beautiful nature. It's safe. It's a very safe place. I feel safe here. And I have nothing bad to say about it. The people have always been very friendly to me, very nice to me. I've never had any problems from Romania or with Romania ever. So I came here to visit and I just loved it. I love the old-fashioned ideology of people. I kind of like that about the world. Because I think in America now we have this new way of...  thinking and it's genuinely insanity. I think people are on the borderline of insanity. I've seen some statements made by you during time regarding Romania. Have you thought back then when deciding to come to Romania that is maybe easier to rule here the world? Not at all. I mean, I made some statements, but I think a lot of them were taken out of context because I made very many long television shows and it's been cut down to something small. It's normal. It's normal, yeah. And I talked about at length how I believe America's the most corrupt country in the world. And I believe that they start all the world's wars. And I believe that they're genuinely destructive. And anybody who understands what's happening right now in Ukraine understands how involved America is or understands what's happening in Nigeria, understands how involved America is. And if you actually understand history and you analyze the world, you'll see every single conflict anywhere on the planet where anybody has ever died, ever. America has been involved. So I was talking about this at length and.  Somebody said to me, ah, but you say America's corrupt. You live in Romania. Romania's corrupt. And I said, yeah, well, maybe Romania's corrupt for small things, but we're not starting wars all around the world. But then they cut that piece and say, yeah, he said Romania's corrupt and they try and show the judge and try and keep me in jail with it. And it's very disingenuous. And that's the thing about the whole legal process is that when people are trying to put you in jail they have no interest in playing fair. They're very disingenuous and they try very hard to convince the populists and convince the world and convince the judge to your a bad person by taking very small clips of things you said and editing them all together and putting this big file together. But the truth is Romanian news for a solid month head to toe was coverage of me and my brother saying we're bad people. It was my money gorilla on repeat over and over again. And here we are six or seven months later. There are no videos of victims, no evidence of anything. No girls coming forward saying we've heard them zero. In fact, the only girls they found are girls saying we're not victims. We don't want to be victims.  remove us from the victim file. So I think over time people are starting to realize that's a sensationalism dies down that if we had done these heinous crimes, if we had done these bad things there would be some evidence of it and there's none. So yeah I- Till the final proof you're innocent. Well I'd like to believe that and I'd like for people at home to believe that and I think people now do. Do you consider that in the public, the general public things that you are not actually? Yeah I 99% The image that was created around you. Yeah I think that you've created. 99% of people believe I'm innocent. I think everybody thinking believes I'm innocent. The sensationalism at the beginning which was purported by the media was an attempt to slander our name and it was also attempt to find some disgruntled person who disliked us from the past to join this case which didn't happen. I think-  is an institution in Romania that is actually accusing you. It's normal for the media to try to explain that the accusations are of rape, of rages, of human trafficking, of creating an organized crime. Of course. And I'm not mad at the media in any regard. I'm saying that at the beginning of the sensationalism it's normal for people to see all this on the news and say, wow, maybe he's done something. But as time goes on and as there's no proof and as nothing comes out, people start to learn and realize that, okay, this was a media frenzy as there should be, because it's an interesting case, right? Interesting case, Andrew, an American in Romania is doing all these bad things. But I think most people know that we're completely innocent now and I have faith in the judicial system to throw this away eventually. And you say innocent until proven guilty, which is why I said, that's an interesting point, because... That's a normal point. Well, it's normal in democracies, but I must show respect to Romania and I want to make this point clear. I think that the Romanian judiciary...  The initial system actually, in many ways, does a very good job because Romania is so safe. I walk around with a million dollar watch driving a five million dollar car, and I don't have to worry too much about people with AK-47s turning up and robbing me. Whereas in London, I would have genuine concerns from my safety. I wouldn't be able to wear expensive watches or drive fast cars because London is now so dangerous that you have to hide all of your wealth. But the reason for that is because the British justice system truly believes in innocent to a proven guilty, so you're judged an absolute freedom. And in Romania, you're not. My brother and I spent 92 days in jail. Six months on house arrest, all of our money taken, all of our things frozen, all of our cars gone, to say innocent until proven guilty. Well, we've already been very severely punished. And we're continuing to be severely punished. Now I can't leave book arrest, OK? So I'm still being punished. So in the Romanian system, it's not truly innocent until proven guilty because the process is a punishment. And we're going through this process being heavily punished.  at the end by the time we're proven innocent, okay fine, we've already done jail time, we've already been on house arrest, we've already lost all our money, we've already lost all our cars, we've already lost everything. So it's different, but and this is the thing where you have to be an extremely logical person. I then analyze and say, okay, well in England they won't do that, in England you are truly innocent until guilty, but then you have to fear the criminals on the streets. So it's almost like a balance, right? Do you want to fear the law or fear the criminals? And if I had to be honest, I actually respect Romania for keeping the streets so safe, I think it would be immature for me to live here for so many years and enjoy the safety and then complain about how the judicial system preserves the safety of society. So I guess you just have to take the roughwood to smooth, I guess that's how it goes. We were discussing about the accusations rape, human trafficking, organizing a crime group exactly. I have to look into your eyes and ask you, have you ever raped someone? I have no need to rape anybody.  That's the thing that I think is pretty pertinently clear to the people at home. The rape was actually thrown out very early. I think it was in my first 30 days. It was thrown out because there's no evidence at all of it. It's just an accusation. So the rape was already thrown out. I have no need to rape anybody. I have no desire to rape anybody. And another thing I've actually realized through this whole process, I don't know of many remains. I don't think this is a phenomenon that happens so often in Romania, but in America, England and these countries, rich, successful men being falsely accused of rape happens every day. I don't think in Romania, when a rich, successful man is accused of rape, to people realize that they're like, oh, this is unusual. This is a problem. But in England, this happens hundreds of times a week. Every footballer, every rapper, every movie star, anyone who's successful in rich gets accused of these things. And the population is far more likely to say, OK, whatever. Because it happens all the time. It's unfortunate side of.  of being a wealthy, successful man. Ronaldo, during the World Cup, during the last World Cup had five accusations of rape. He's trying to play the World Cup and five girls appear singing rape them years ago. It's just unfortunate, it's something that happens. So it's only about man, money, Andrew. It's only about man. I don't think it's only about money, but when you're a very successful man and you're financially successful, and a woman can't get the money from you she wants, it's very likely, or it's very common, unfortunately, in the West for them to then accuse you of rape, or to say, well, at the time I wanted to be with him and I loved him and we had consensual sex, but now that he won't buy me handbags, I have now decided I didn't want to be with him and now it's rape. Was this your case? Yeah, absolutely. Completely. If I wasn't a successful person, none of this would have happened. You know, a woman asked for handbags and she didn't... That's for a lot more than handbags. And she was declined. And then all of a sudden, she was raped. And it's scary because in the Western world now as a man, it's very difficult to protect yourself.  Like it's very scary if you're a man and a woman decides she wants to go on this vengeance path. How do you protect yourself? I mean, at the time everything's consensual, at the time you're a couple, at the time everything is perfect, and then retrospectively she changes her mind in an attempt to destroy your life. Like I said, we can look now, there was a very famous footballer in England who recently just got released non-gilty. Johnny Depp and Amber Hurd, like this is a big thing that happens all the time, and I think in Romania it hasn't quite started to happen yet. Thank God. But that makes a judge more concerned, a judge is like, wow, okay, a rape accusation. Let's look at this. Whereas if the judge was seeing a hundred fake rape accusations a week, they'd be far quicker to say, okay, there's no evidence to Smith. So I guess... What about human trafficking? Yeah, human trafficking for TikTok. And that's another thing, right? You say human trafficking, you imagine people being tied up, chained, moved to cost-borders, forced to do sexual work. It's convinced. Convinced? Might be.  the case? No, my accusation is that, firstly, I don't understand how I can human traffic people from book arrest. I mean, the two girls I'm accused of human trafficking are Romanians who've lived here their whole lives. They haven't gone anywhere. Traveled where? So that's the first thing that makes no sense at all. Secondly, they're saying I forced to... Maybe going on the internet? Well, I think for human trafficking you have to transport somebody. These are people who are Romanian, born in Romanian, are still in Romania. So it doesn't even make any sense. It's certainly a reach. It's it's pretty desperate by the prosecution. They're trying to say that I told these girls how to make TikTok videos and I forced them to. They do? Well, no. I gave advice on how to become famous on social media because I'm famous on social media. I know. Everybody wants advice, right? So women come to me, men come to me. I said to the judge, I can give you examples of a hundred men who I told what time to post on TikTok and what time to get famous on social media. Men and women come to me. And they're saying I did this for financial gain, but there's not a single shred of financials and  They haven't shown one lay, one dollar that I've made from this. I was simply giving advice and what happened was they attacked me. They threw me in a jail cell. They tried very hard to find something real. Something real didn't exist. So they forced to charge me with what they have. And what they have is that I've helped two of my friends get famous on TikTok and those two girls are saying we're not victims. I will stop you for a second just to tell me how was in the prison. I have to be fair to Romania and I have to be fair that the guards were very professional. And I also think the guards were actually quite apologetic to me. The whole system, every police officer I interact with, everybody had a degree of sorry. They were like, we're sorry bro. Like we're just doing our jobs and I was like I know and I respect you and you're just doing your job. But everybody understood I didn't belong there. I was treated for the beginning believe I was guilty. I wasn't treated hard like.  They're professional and they did their jobs, but everybody understood really what's happening. Did that period change you? It did change me. Oh, your brother? Yeah, we're pretty resilient individuals. And I believe God is the best of planners. And if he decided I needed a little bit of jail, then I will do a little bit of jail. I... And if he decides I need more, then I guess there's not much I can do about it. I'm not gonna run away from this. I'm here to clear my name. I'm gonna go through the entire process. I do think you learned a lot about yourself and a lot about other people, certainly. But there's not things you don't already know. It just confirms some things that you knew and you needed to be reminded of. Maybe a little bit of jail is good for a man. I'm not sure. I think men are designed to struggle. We're designed to go through hardship. I think life as a man is all about having bad things happen to you and getting good at dealing with those bad things. And for a while, I had a pretty good life. You know, I had a very difficult upbringing. A very...  hard life and then I had this two or three-year period of lots of money and flying around in private jets and everything was going pretty good and. And from that to handcuffs first. Absolutely and that's. Did that scare you in that very moment? I don't operate in the realm of fear. It didn't scare me. It was. You don't have any fears. No, it's not. I don't operate in that realm. I don't think fear is a healthy attitude for me to have in those situations. I think that God, there's yung and yang in the universe. There's light and dark and God decided to give me a test and it's very difficult for me to sit on the internet and say that I am top G and talk all these things about mental resilience and talk about mental health and helping men and talk about how strong my mind is and God not test me. God said, okay, you've told the world how strong your mind is. Let's see how strong your mind is. Let's put you in jail. The scariest thing about going to jail is you don't know how long you're there. I mean, it was very scary for me. I think my experience is more scary than the typical Romanians because I'm going to a jail in a country where I don't speak the language. I'm getting paperwork. I don't understand. I don't know why.  I'm there. It's two weeks because I got a rest of the New Year's Eve and there was time with translations and time off and people were busy. It was two weeks before I even got my accusation in English before I realized what complete garbage it was. So I'm initially just thrown in jail and they're saying, ah, human trafficking. I'm like human trafficking who? When? What is this? This is garbage. And like, we have to wait for the papers. Two weeks later I read them, realized this is completely insane. And then each 30 days I keep getting sent back. I didn't understand how and why that was happening. So it's scary. You're like, I'm I got to be here forever? I'm I got to be here for years? What's going on? But all you can do is take it day at a time and it's important that you have as a man a strong body. So other people don't pick on you and a strong mind so you don't pick on yourself. And I'm fortunate to have those two things. And I also have my brother who I love very much. And we shook hands and said it doesn't matter for here for 10 years or 10 more days. It doesn't matter. We're a team. And we're going to handle this like men. And we never for a second considered doing anything crazy or running away or getting mad at Romania or  being children. It's just part of life, unfortunately, and you have to go through it. How much money do you have? Officially, do you call it have everything? I'm poor. Are you the richest man in Romania? As it is said? I don't know. I know that. But do you know how much money do you have? For me, it's simple. I'm just checking my accounts and see exactly how much money I have. Well, that's the thing that's interesting, right? Because they say, does a saying in English, if you know what you have, then you don't have much. That's what they say. Because at certain levels, at certain echelons of income and finance, you don't know what you have. Let's imagine I have property. I don't know exactly what is valued now. I have shares and companies. I haven't checked the value. I've crypto. I don't know how much that's worth. I have cash. They still have crypto. They've since. Of course not. Explain to me, please. I don't know too much about cryptos. But it's kind of difficult to see some cryptos, right? Well, decar.  I've taken some. I'm sorry, all. How? Because it was on an exchange. So they took it. So do you call us seized about 15 million euro, I think, from me? And that's their prerogative. I mean, from my understanding, the legal precedent is that when they take your money, the reason they take your money is because they've proved you've made a legal money. In my file, there's no transactions of any money. So they take 15 million euro. And they said, I made that criminally, but they have not shown where one lay was made criminally. So I believe I should get all my things back. I don't understand how they can remain seized. We're going to have to wait and see. But yeah, I'm financially successful. I think that is the male prerogative to become as financially successful as possible. I don't think that being financially successful makes you a bad person. I don't think it makes you. I didn't say that. But I was just curious about how much money do you have? I don't know. If you know exactly, if you know if you're the richest person, you know, I don't.  I think Romania has a lot of very rich people who are a lot more quiet than I am. And they were not in jail. And they were not in jail. That's right. And like I said, when you shine bright, you cast a shadow. And I was very aware for a very long time that I am very open about my wealth and very open about my lifestyle that comes with some benefits but that also comes with some detriment. I could have been much quieter. I understand that. And when I do that, when I'm open and loud with my lifestyle, I'm not doing it to try and upset anybody. I'm actually trying to do the opposite. I'm trying to inspire people because I am now one of the most influential men on the planet. And all the young men of the world are very interested in me and they follow my words. Is it good or is it bad? I think it's good. I think it's good because I have a platform now and I try and inspire hard work and diligence and discipline in all of the young men who watch me. I know you are watching also the debates on the internet. A lot of persons are saying that it is bad that you're a bad influence. I'm sure there are. And at the...  It's very difficult to have 100% of people like you. I don't like 100% of people. So why do I expect 100% of people to like me? That's fine, but I know what I'm teaching. I'm teaching discipline and I'm teaching these young boys to go to the gym, work hard, go to school, listen to their parents, do's or told, follow God, reject pornography and don't play video games all day and reject all this insanity, woke think, and to get as rich as possible because the male imperative is to move the world with money and be financially successful. And the reason I show my wealth is because it inspires young boys. If you're 16 or 17 years old, they're inspired by me because my wealth is so obviously, it's so obvious, right? I show it as a folks. But it's actually impossible for all of them to become you. Well, and if I can, and you're right, but when you inspire, it's like having a fight gym, right? If I had a fight gym and I was teaching 100 students, only a few would be world champions and the rest perhaps wouldn't, but they would still be in better shape. They'd be better physical condition to be able to fight better than if they didn't go at all. So I think I have a huge plot.  and I'm very beneficial. I have huge ability to benefit the world. I'm grateful for that. And I think I can do a massively positive thing. And I think that I inspire the world. And yeah, I could have been a lot more quiet. But I have some money. I mean, I'm successful. Son. I have some money. I have a little bit. I'm successful. And I think, and I work hard all day every day. I don't drink. I don't gamble. I don't take drugs. All I do is work. And I think if you're a man who is capable and diligent and you dedicate your entire life to work, we're going to end up with some money. I will ask you a personal question. Sure. Is your mom worried about your situation now? Well, mother's worried. I know. And yeah, and she does worry. But she knows she has a very strong son. And she knows that I've never had an easy life. I don't come from a rich family. I think maybe some people misunderstood this. They think that me interested in our rich boys from a rich family throw us in jail and we're going to panic. And we're from homeless shelters. And we're from the worst area of Luton. We're from the worst area of the worst town in England.  which is far more dangerous than Bucharest ever has been to us. We're from the streets effectively, and we grew up very hard, and she knows that we are made for difficult situations, and she has faith in her capabilities of her sons, and I think that's also a fantastic thing for a mother to have to look at her sons and go, wow, at least they're men. So she's worried, but she knows that we're capable. Did she ask you if you raped someone? Of course not, because she knows this a lot. And that's another thing that's interesting. I think everyone in the Western world who's more exposed to these false accusations that rich men get, or much quicker to know this was a lie. I can't keep my pulse on the Romanian populists, like I can in the English-speaking world, but the second it came out, everyone in America was like another one, another lie, another liar. I mean, if I'm a big man, and I'm a professional athlete, and I'm a kickboxing world champion, if I raped someone, there'd be medical records, there'd be a bruise, there'd be a mark. Once again, that's not in the file.  None of this exists. So this is just a, it's an attempt to slander my name. And I guess what I have to do is see as a litmus test, whereas there are certain degree of the population who are gonna believe it, no matter what you tell them, because the news told them. And there's a certain degree of the population who's gonna sit there and go, wait, they lied to us about the war in Ukraine, they lied to us about COVID, they lied to us about the vaccine, they lied to us about all these things. And now they're saying all these things about this guy with no evidence, this doesn't really make sense. And then those are the people who are free thinking and those are the only people I'm interested in talking to anyway. Do respect women? Absolutely, why wouldn't I? I think that men and women are very different. And in the Western world, we're obsessed with equality to a feverish degree. We have this obsession with equality to the point where as if you say men and women have different skills, you're a misogynist, which is insane because men and women are different and men are better at some things and women are better at some things. And in the Western world, that's no longer accepted. You must accept this false god of equality.  Now, we can be equal with different roles, but they don't want that. They want us to pretend that I can do everything a woman can do, and a woman can do everything a man can do. And that's simply not true. I can't have children, and men should go to war. And I wouldn't drop my child off at a daycare, ran by men. It would be weird. I'd drop a daycare, ran by women. So we have gender roles, and the Western world is so obsessed with trying to erase these. I don't think most people in Romania understand how crazy and how woke America and the Western world has gone. And that's one of the reasons they want me to be quiet. I think the governments of these countries dislike me far more than the Romanian government. But they've gone so far as they're pretending that men are women and women are men now. If I were to put on a wig, I'm a girl, because I say I'm a girl, and I'm actually a girl, and I can compete against girls in sports. This is what's happening, for real, in America. Imagine I put on a wig and go and fight a woman. Like, it's insane. But they're trying to blur these lines, and they're doing it under this false god of equality, but it's nothing to do with equality. The fact that...  They're trying to poison the family unit and poison society and trying to turn us all into slaves. And when you confuse everybody, it's very easy to inject a new programming. But I absolutely respect women for what women are good at. But I'm not stupid enough to sit here and say, I respect women so women can do everything a man can do. No, if I go to war, I want to go with my men. I want to go with my brothers and my team. I would not say, oh, I want to go to war and men and women are equal. So, oh, okay girls, let's go, because we're going to die. I don't want to die. Through difficult things. Tell me a man who's never had any difficulty in his life. Never, nothing bad ever happened. Oh, woman. Or a woman. And look at them. They're spoiled. They're crying over nothing. They're upset over zero. Nobody likes them. And they can't handle the true trials and tribulations of life. And life is hard and life's going to hurt you. And it's my job to pay attention to everything and go from there. Are there things that... Let me understand, you never cried. You never cried? The last time I cried is when my father died, which I think was...  10 years ago almost? Wow, a while ago. But difficult things are supposed to happen to me. So I don't have any regrets because difficult things are supposed to happen. Now there are things I would do differently. There are things I've learned. I'd be stupid if I didn't do that. But to sit and say, I wish this didn't happen. And I wish I didn't go to jail. No, I don't operate under that frame. Have you made mistakes? How about making mistakes? So sure, there are things I would have done differently. And now I have a massive platform. I have to be far more careful with what I say and how I talk. I've learned things. And I think the human experience is that we all learned things and we all grow over time. I think if you were to find anybody on the street and say, are you different than you were 10 or 15 years ago, everybody with a brain would say, yeah, I've learned things. And life has taught me things and I've changed. Absolutely. But I don't have a regret about any of these things that have happened to me because I know in my heart what I've done. I know if I'm guilty or innocent. I know I've done nothing wrong. I believe the world now understands I've done nothing wrong. Now ready to do.  We're going to go through the process. I respect Romania, I respect the courts. We're going to go through the process. And I believe the judge is going to conclude that I've done nothing wrong. And it'll just be another chapter in the long book of Andrew Tate. How many cars do you have? Well, D-Cott have 15. They have 15. How many do I have? 15, of course. On your name? Those that are on the D-Cott Sparky. Let me see if you have a D-Cott badge. Yeah. D-Cott have taken some of my cars. That are under your name. That's the question, actually. No, that's the thing. So not all of them are under my name. This is nothing that's been interesting for me because this is my first experience with the Romania judicial system. A lot of the cars were under company names. Some of those companies I don't own. Some of those cars I was borrowing or they were lent to me. I have a lot of friends with very rich cars and very nice cars. So there are people in England who borrowed me a car and now D-Cott have it. And they say, well, that's not...  even your car. How do I get it back? And I'm like, ask a judge. I don't understand any of this. I don't know how, in my understanding of the legal system, please understand I'm from a different world. I'm from America or England where you're judged in absolute freedom. You have no restrictions. You never preventively arrested. They can't take all of your things without a guilty plea. If they take something off you, which is not yours, they have to give it back to the person who owns it. Like it's different. In Romania, things are very confusing for me. I don't know how decar holding cars aren't even mine. But they ran in here with guns and just took everything they could get their hands on. And I do believe in the end, it will be worked out. And I believe in the end, we'd get things back. But I also want to make a very important point here. I think that the reputation of Romania has been severely tarnished by all of this. And that's why your case. By my case. Why? That saddens me because I actually love Romania. And I don't want to leave. And I'm going to stay here even when it's over. Yeah, I love Romania. I've been here seven years. I've made a home here. My brother has children who are Romanian. I have a child is Romanian. I'm not leaving here. And it's a shame that the international reputation  of Romania, which my brother and I have done so much good for, because it didn't have the most fantastic reputation before us. And we came here and everyone asked us so many questions about Romania. What's it like? Is it dangerous? But you said it's a corrupted country. You've said that too. I've said America's corrupt. Could have done anything during pandemic, for example, if you are a rich person or an important person or have a certain influence, you can do anything in Romania. Yeah, and I've said America's corrupt also. I've said a lot of countries are corrupt. And you're right. I did say during the imaginary pandemic here, they were not as stringent as they were in some other places. That's a good thing because they shouldn't be taking anybody's rights away from a reason anyway. So I said that in a very complimentary way. And I do think that Romania as a whole had an image problem. And my brother and I have been fantastic for the image of Romania that I can name 200 people who visited this country purely because my brother and I said it's safe, it's beautiful, the nature is beautiful, they have history, it's such a great place. We've been the number one beacons, the Romanian tourism board, should have hired us. All we've done is say good things about Romania for such a long time. And now they've done this.  And I'm getting so many messages from people who are saying bad things about Romania, and that sad saddens me because I don't want people to think bad about this country. And the international reputation of Romania has been damaged for things like the cars. They came in, they took everything, half the stuff ain't even mine, it's all been taken, it's been gone for months. We can't get it back. There's other people around the world who own these things, we're saying why can't we have our things back. We were locked up in jail without charge, thrown in jail. There's no evidence, there's no victims, there's no videos, there's no medical records, there's no pictures, nothing. And they're trying to destroy us and the whole world saying, I mean let me ask you a question, if you're a German businessman with a lot of money, and you've watching and keeping your eye on our case, would you move to Romania? Would you feel safe to move here and bring on your wealth here and your cars and your money and your watches? And then Romania's want to sit and talk about how we need more money for schools, we need more money for the roads, how we struggle with the pension, how the old people are getting hurt and nursing homes, and I sit and say, yeah, well then you need rich influential people to come here and obey the law and pay taxes like my brother and I have done. But because there's a few very over ambitious decot prosecutors, you've now destroyed Romania's.  to the point where for the next 10 years, nobody with money wants to move here. So what have we achieved? What has Romania achieved? We've achieved nothing. We've saved nobody. There's no victims. You've hurt two innocent brothers in jail. You've damaged your international reputation. You prevented people from wanting to invest in the country. What's been the end goal of all of this? It's pretty sad really for Romania and for us. And my brother and I love this country. You are talking now a little bit like a politician. Are you going into Romania as politics? Are you going into politics? I think, I mean, I'm not too versed on Romanian politics, but I will say that any politician or any of the political parties which stick with conservatism and faith and God and protecting the youth from these new dangerous ideologies is a politician that I will get behind in support. I like the idea of, I guess, traditionally right-wing conservative politics. But really, I don't want to get into politics. I won't get into politics. My goal is now to...  to beat this, to restore my reputation, and to restore the reputation of this country. The general public is saying, and you know this, that it cannot be smoked without a fire. What is actually over there that we have all this smoke? Well, that's the thing that's interesting. I don't think the general public understand. Three things. The first thing they don't understand is that when you're influential enough in any country in the world, you're going to be heavily scrutinized and looked at by, like I said, criminals in the law. Have you had any sign of this prior to the moment they come to arrest you? Yeah, in April, when it all began, they first came in the house and they released us in two hours because they knew we had done anything wrong. And then I understood they were watching me from that point, but I had nothing to hide. So I didn't run away. I had nothing to hide. I knew that they were going to be keeping a close eye on me. I'm too big to not be watched heavily by, it doesn't matter if I move to Switzerland, I will be watched. So I lived my life with that in mind. I'm watched everywhere I go and that's why it's a good thing.  I'm not a criminal, but I don't think people at home understand for the general public who say there can't be smoke without fire, how subjective the law is. The law is a very subjective thing. In Romania or in general. In general, in the world. And the law can be weaponized with a subjective worldview to attack anybody they want. So I can give you a very simple example, right? I can look at you and sit and say, I believe you're an alien. And my proof of that is I've seen her walking the streets at night and she looks at the moon. So she likes to look at the moon. And I heard her listening to love songs, and she's talking about going to space with her lover and how she likes to look at the moon. And we have no medical record. She hasn't been to the doctor in three years. People usually get sick. She hasn't been to the doctors. And I can put together all these little pieces of paper that you're an alien. Of course, you're not an alien. But over time, we build up this file, right? How you look at the moon, and you haven't been to the doctors as often as most people. And you listen to love songs about space. And then I can put it in front of a judge and say, I think she's an alien when he prevented his detention. And then it's up to a judge who goes, hmm, maybe. And this is how it works. I can do the same thing with anything. Anyone try to buy your...  business before that moment? It's a very good question. And I think that there's a lot going on that even I don't truly 100% understand yet. But I have put my faith in the Romanian judicial system, and I do think we'll be fined innocent, but perhaps there were some other influences. I also want to make it clear that I believe my host nations, my home nations, America and England have abandoned me. Because of my political views and because I am anti-LGBT, anti-Ukrain war, anti-COVID vaccine, anti-many things, and I've been very vocal about it. I think that they were very happy for me to suffer this consequence and didn't decide to do something about it like they could have. So there's a lot going on. But all I can do as a man is stay true to myself and stay true to God and do the right thing. You didn't answer my question. No, I didn't, because it's on television. But perhaps there were some people interested in my.  interested in some of my assets before all of this kicked off perhaps that is perhaps that had some influence on the case I'm not sure. Did you order pizza? After that moment when they found you they told everybody they found you from the pizza box. I think I was in Dubai for three months. I have very good friends over there. I was there for a long time and then I flew to Prague I believe for Christmas and then I was going to go back to Dubai and I stopped in Romania for one day to repack my bag and get a pizza. Repack my bag I ordered pizza and then my friends from D-Caut came and took me to the D-Caut Hilton and then I've been here ever since. So it seems the Remanians were waiting for me and you know perhaps I guess if you were to ask me as a professional what I believed they were hoping to do they thought that they could throw me in jail with this very weak file of nothing of TikTok which is garbage.  put me all over the news, set up hot lines and billboards and not just in the news in Romania internationally. If Andrew's a bad person, if he's ever hurt you call this number and they thought they'd get a real case. They said let's just leave him in jail until the real case appears. It didn't appear and because it doesn't exist and I think that's what the plan was and their plan failed. So I think that's why all of it happened at all. Do you think women are scared by you? I know they're not scared of me because the only problem I have with women is trying to ask them to leave, not to kidnap them. In fact, I would say I got maybe a thousand letters a week in jail and 500 of them at least 50% maybe even more were from women. The number of women who send me messages of support would say they're a traditionally masculine man. I like a man who provides for me who protects me. My boyfriend's a better boyfriend since he met you or he started listening to you. My son is going to the gym because of you. Mother's right to me. I get hundreds of letters from women. I get love letters. I love. Am I in love?  Yeah, I'm a, I have a happy personal life. But if I was a bag of bond, if I was that kind of person, I get endless love letters from women who I could pursue, but I don't, I appreciate the support, and I appreciate the flattery, but we leave it there. But women are certainly not scared of me, and I've never met a woman on the street. You're even darker. Are you in love? Am I in love? Yeah, sure. I'm in love. Yeah, and I have beautiful children. And I want to make it clear, this is the thing that's interesting. The internet sensationalizes and pretends I'm this big evil misogynist. I've never met a single person on the street who dislikes me. Male or female. The number of women, every single woman I see on the street loves me. Oh, you're so funny. I'll you tell the truth. Oh, it's great. No, but I've never had a personal problem with anybody. Male or female, ever. You've said about you that you are misogynist. No, I said, well, you, that's, I know what you're trying to say. You're saying I said I'm a misogynist. I said, I'm not trying to say anything. I was just thinking. I said I'm a realist. And if being a realist makes me...  a misogynist and so be it. I am a realist and I refuse to sell my sanity and sell my soul to the false god of equality. Men are physically stronger than women. Women have an emotional intelligence and intellect that men don't have. Women are better with children, especially small children than men do. We don't have the patience for it. Men are the ones who should financially provide. I believe in everything that the world believed in 10 years ago until we all went insane. I'm a realist and by extension they call me a misogynist because I say a man should protect a woman. In America, I don't know if you say I as a man am responsible for the physical safety of my girlfriend, you are a misogynist because I'm supposed to believe that she is empowered enough to protect herself and she doesn't need a man to protect her but she does. Anyone with a brain out there understands the true difference between men and women physically and she does need a man to protect her. If she calls the police men they're going to be a man to protect her. The whole thing is stupid. What is there?  That makes me misogynistic in the eyes of the crazy West. But is also the woman's protection for a man? Women protect a man's spirit. Yeah. They protect a man's soul. Exactly. And when you're sick, you need a woman. You don't need your boys. You need a woman. So women have a very important role to play. And I think that the unison between men and women is beautiful. It's been designed by God. We have different roles to play, which is why we're so important as a team. If we're the same, we don't need each other, which is the most destructive thing about all of this. In the Western world, the reason marriage rates and birth rates are fallen so heavily is because men act like women and women act like men. So we don't need each other anymore. And there's no unison. There's no point. But a truly masculine man needs a truly feminine woman. That's the beautiful thing about all of it. So yeah, I'm labeled misogynistic for being a realist. And I would rather take that label than sell my sanny and start saying things that aren't true and believing in the garbage to slave my programming they want me to believe in. Absolutely not. Yeah. So if that makes me a misogynist, so be it. How do you earn your money? It's a good question.  I sell meat. You like meat? With moustache. Of course. Sarmale. I have various companies. One of them is an online educational platform. I have a platform online that teaches people how to make money and teaches fitness and a bunch of other things. They're called the real world. I have a private network, which I also run and operate. I have various financial instruments which operate and make me money. I have land, I have property, I have businesses and other countries. Lead-toch at also? No. I used to have a video chat studio and I've been very open and honest about this. I think it ceased working seven years ago, six, seven years ago. We have had nothing to do with the video chat industry for six to seven years. And our main use is full of video chat studios. I mean, they're still operating right now. We can drive down through book or eston, pass a hundred of them. So it's not a crime. It's perfectly legal enterprise. But we don't have any video chat companies or anything to do with that. Crypto exchange is a nurse of money.  We have a few things going on, and I have interest in many different projects around the world. And we do okay. I have enough money to take care of my family and make sure my mother is living well, and my children live well, and my brother and I, we do okay. We have food most days of the week. Sometimes we have to skip a day, but we're okay. How much food? Why do you like most? That's a good question. I'm a meat ear. I love meat. And I eat as much of it as possible. I was, it was Ramadan while I was in jail. So as a Muslim, I'm practicing so I only ate once a day. I could eat as much as I wanted when the sun wasn't shining, but I chose to eat once a day, because I tried to be strict with myself. And that means that the three meals I got per day, I got to choose one of them, or maybe mix them all together. But, um, yeah, I'm a big meat eater. I love meat. And I think that it's interesting, because even even me is being attacked in the west. It's interesting how I can name anything that is under attack in the west.  West with a trying to turn us all into vegans and trying to make us eat bugs. It's crazy. Does that happen here in Romania? Yeah, I don't think so. I don't know. But in America and England, they have this massive push about how meat is bad for the world. You shouldn't eat meat. You should eat the bugs and eat the vegetables and take the vaccine and sit at home and your wife's in charge. And it's a genuine attack on masculinity. And it's crazy how we can have a conversation about anything and it ties back to that. Andrew, who's matrix? Who's the matrix? The matrix are, I don't want to die. I'd never kill myself. I think people at home need to understand that there are large institutions in the world with massive financial resources and capability, which influence the shaping of things. And they influence the shaping of things with a specific goal of gaining more and more control over the populace. And we talk about governments, but very often, a lot of the decisions that are made which reflect your life have nothing to do with the government. A law must be passed by a government. Our regulation, which is the same as a law, can be passed by a financial institution, for example.  and we're living under the foot of these institutions which can affect our everyday life. And they don't want people to become upset to the point where we rebel against them. So they're specifically attempting to destroy masculinity in real time because it is men which lead rebellions and it's always gonna be men who lead rebellions. So they want all of us new-turt and unique and semi-depressed on antidepressants at home as opposed to standing up and realizing that we're being destroyed and all of our wealth is being extracted from us in real time. So the matrix is a group of people that nobody knows who they are who are genuinely in control of the world and they're in charge of all the important things and their primary. But they exist. But they exist. In your opinion. Well, it's, if you're a powerful person, you want to retain your power. That's normal. And the number one way to ensure you retain your powers to grow your power. Why are you saying escape the matrix? Because the idea of the matrix is that you work and you consume and you die. The idea of the matrix is that you go to school and you listen to what they tell you.  and then you get a job and then you work and then you spend your money on things you don't really need and you consume things and then you die. But you don't ever get Jenny, genuine freedom of mind or body. So if I put it in a very simple word, it's just being different, try to be different, try to be yourself, try to... It's having the financial stability to one be free, which is the beginning, but also having a free mind. And to have a free mind you need to be able to think outside of the box and ignore the things you're told. And I think as a man to have a free mind you also need to have a strong body because you have to have the capability of protecting your ideas. It's difficult to sit and argue with people who can destroy you. So to truly escape the matrix you have to be a strong individual of financial means, which has a mind which is capable of understanding the truth of the world. Because they are giving us all a false version of reality to try and keep us subdued. Because if most people at home understood the truth about what's really happening, there would be riots tomorrow. And I also think that's one of the reasons why, when I say my whole case is a litmus test, people whose minds have already been freed, who have already escaped the matrix.  understand completely the I'm innocent and the people who watch the TV and they can't think for themselves Well, they can believe whatever they want. They're gonna stay inside the matrix forever And they're gonna suffer the consequences of that. There are lots of poor people in the world in general Is there fault? Absolutely. It's not their fault in fact That's what's so interesting when you understand the financial markets and you understand the matrix and how it operates It's designed to keep all a huge percentage of the world poor The wealth that exists in many of the world today especially at the upper echelons is extracted Very rich people are not working. They are moving numbers on a screen or moving pieces of paper under becoming extremely rich Well, how does that happen that happens because other people are working? No, it's not my case because I'm teaching this but This happens especially in the third world the most the real good Nigerian Africa in these countries That's what's been happening for the longest time So it's absolutely not the poor person's fault but to escape the matrix the poor person needs to understand  why they're poor, why is my country so destitute, why is it so difficult to make money, why is this happened? When you start to learn and understand all these things, you can begin to escape the matrix. And the world is set up in a way where wealth is being funneled into the Western hemisphere, which is why we're so prosperous compared to the rest of the world. That's now changing in real time. And I don't think many people home also understand that the people who are in charge of the global financial markets have accepted that's going to change. And they're also going to change team. And I think that very difficult times are coming for Europe and America. I think that the world is cyclical. Empires fall. And you used to live in Rome. And you'd be walking through Roman streets. And you think Rome will never fall. This is Rome. It's the height of civilization. A one day at Crumbles. And then a new empire appears. And I think we're almost in a transitionary period where a new empire is going to appear and take over, because the Western hegemony is failing in real time. And it's failing because they've gone too far with their dictatorship too far. We're trying to control people's minds and too far with it.  insane ideas and unfortunately it's like being a sick person when you're sick and you start taking a medicine even if the medicine makes you sick you need more of it because now in the western world the only way they can keep the population some dude is to make sure that we believe in a bunch of garbage and they're trying very hard to keep forcing it down our next. Who do respect most? I have a lot of respect for a lot of people and I respect any person who gets up, works hard, does their job, thinks for themselves, protects their family, provides for their family, I respect the normal man, the hard working normal man I think it's one of the hardest existences on the planet because it's one of the least appreciated. Women are appreciated and respected just for being more often than men are because you're beautiful and you can give life and men want women and most men go through their lives don't even get a compliment. Other than most people realize that a lot of men go through life and nobody even compliments them ever whereas a woman gets complimented ten times a day she doesn't even want them. So go away weirdo. So I think the normal working man has one of the hardest existences on the planet. If you're a normal guy getting up working hard you're doing that to protect him.  If you're a family, that's a very difficult life to live. And I have absolute respect for these people. And I also respect, of course, there's some extremely famous influential people like Elon Musk, who I have huge respect for, for opening up Twitter for free speech. Absolute respect to him, because he's fighting against a tyranny which existed before when you couldn't tell the truth about anything. Just, I will stop you here just for a second. So you are in the Musk team, in the game, Musk Zuckerberg. 100% because Musk has opened up Twitter for free speech, whereas Meta, which have me banned, they don't allow you to say certain things. And I don't think people understand when we talk about free speech. I think it's just about having an opinion, but it's not that simple. Free speech is the basic underpinning of any democracy, because if you can't tell the truth about anything, then you're living in an absolute life. We talk about the matrix. The fact that nobody online could tell the truth about COVID for three years is why it took three years. If there was free speech, it would have taken three months, because nobody was allowed to say, wait, this is stupid. Why are we stuck in our houses? So free speech.  The free speech is extremely important for the freedom of humanity as a whole. So musk is saving the world. Musk is saving the world. Are you going to train him? I would love to. I think it'd be serious about fighting, then perhaps we will. I know him and I are, we interact on Twitter sometimes. And he is very interested in this case. Once again, goes back to... But he has to come to Romania for a friend. Well, this is the thing. He's very interested in this case. He's retweeted many videos where we've explained the truth of what's happened to us. And this goes ties back into the reputation of Romania. A country I love, a country I respect, a country I'm invested in, a country I want to live in, a country I'm never going to run away from. Now we have Elon Musk talking about how Romania has treated me unfairly. I feel sad about that. That Romania suffered that way because they didn't need to. Because none of this should have happened because there's no victims of anything. So my primary goal, also, of protecting my name is actually genuinely to repair the reputation of Romania. And at home to understand, I don't blame Romania for this. I don't think this is Romania's fault. I think this...  some other things that happened, I think this would have happened to me in most countries. And I trust the remaining judicial system and I believe that when Romania finds me innocent it's going to be fantastic retribution for not only me, but the state of Romania and the country of Romania to show that it's a proud nation that respects the rule of law. Are you still dreaming about changing the world? I think I've already changed the world and I think if you change one person's life you can change the world. It's a butterfly effect. You can change one person's life and that one person can grow and do something fantastic. I know you don't like my politician answers, but I'm changing the world by inspiring the youth of today to be as hard working as possible. I think that my platform for the generation of young men, I think that if any parent is concerned they should watch the videos that their young boys are watching that I have made and they will be pretty happy with what they see. And I think that if we inspire the young men of the world today we can build a better future. I think that young, disciplined, energetic, hard working men.  are always going to build the best society. Andrew? Yes. Have you lied in any moment during this interview? Yes. When? When you asked me how many cars I had. Mm-hmm. Power of the lie. Okay. The rest of it was true. Sure. Positive. Have you ever lied about this case? I have no need to lie. I really have nothing to lie about. The lie about what? The two victims are say they're not victims. They say this is stupid. Let us go. What if some others will appear? It's been a long time they've been trying to make others appear. That's what they've been trying to do with the media. Trying to find them. I've been investigated by D-Calt, which is a very competent federal agency, and they've been working in contingent with other federal agencies from other countries. I also want to make this clear to the population at home, anyone who thinks I'm a bad person because of things you've seen on the news. You take any average man off the street. Take an average man off the street. And put him under 16 months of investigation from three different federal agencies trying to find every single conversation he's ever had.  every person he's ever spoken to, every picture he's ever taken, every WhatsApp messages he's ever sent, every email, everything, every bank transfer, all of it. And to see what you find on that guy, what if they found on me? Nothing. If you put anybody under that level of scrutiny, you're going to find something. And with me, they found basically nothing. I'm one of the cleanest people you can possibly walk past on the street. And for all this time, they've been trying to find more victims because they know they don't have a case. And they've been trying to just talk, talk, talk, Andrew's bad, Andrew's bad. Is anyone in one thing, Andrew's bad? Call this number. And nobody calls it. And they spoke to 2,000 people, do you call it, called? Every single one of them defended me. All. So there are no victims. And there is no case. And there's nothing to find. And nobody knew who's going to appear. And none of it's real. So I don't have to lie. What do I have to lie about? Lies get, lies are very exhausting. One of the things people don't understand about lies is that it breaks the laws of physics. It takes a lot of energy to perpetuate a lie. If I put a lie out in there in the universe, you have to put a lot of energy into that lie to keep the lie alive. You can't put a good COVID. How hard they had to lie all the time to keep...  the lie alive. I don't have the energy to do that and the lie is that I'm a bad person. They've told the world that. They now have to find a way to continually try to pump energy into that lie and that's why nobody believes it anymore. It's failing. Lies get exhausted and as time goes on, the truth is revealed because the moral arc of the universe bends towards truth. The longer something goes on, the more likely you are to find the truth. And here we are after 16 months of investigation. At the end of my house arrest after nine months of incarceration, we're here with no victims and the truth is coming clear to everybody at home. I've done nothing wrong. And then you have to ask yourself, if you want to ask interesting questions, is why did the Romanian state punish me so severely? Why? I don't know. Why did they put us in jail for so long? Why were we under house arrest for so long? I don't know. I can't answer that question, but I'm not going to be bitter about it. I'm not going to be upset about it. I'm going to understand that that was the decision Romania made. And if I respect the safety of this nation, which I do, I have to respect how the courts decide.  to keep the place safe. But the truth will be revealed in time. Did you ever broke the law in Romania? Well, if I broke the law, I'm sure it would be in the case file. They were following me for a very long time. I think I may have sped once. Take me to jail. Oops. I think I did five kilometers over the limit. But besides that, no, I have no reason to break the law. That's another thing that's interesting to me is that in the West, and I only understand the Western legal systems. We talk about motive. When there's a crime, there's a motive for the crime. Why did they commit the crime? Well, why did I commit this crime? I'm asking for the motive, anybody at home, with a logical brain to present to me the motive. I'm already very financially successful. I'm worth hundreds of millions of dollars. I have no need for money. I am very successful romantically. I have no need to rape anybody. So, do you call it want you to believe that the age of 35 has a very famous, well-known world-traveled person with hundreds of millions of dollars, I decided to create a gang.  to then force women to do TikTok for money, which made no money, and I was gonna force and hurt these women who say that I just told them how to post on TikTok and I've never hurt them. And I've done all of this for what? Why? I don't need money, I don't need to force women to do anything. It doesn't even make sense. You don't even have to be a legal professional. You can just be a logical thinking person and look at this guy and look at my case and go, well he has no need to rape anybody, he doesn't need money. Why would he start doing this at 35? It was already successful. It doesn't make any sense. If I'm going on neurologic, someone has to be the beneficiary of this case. Completely. Well nobody, that's the thing. I didn't make a penny. According to decal to themselves, I did not make one lay. Nobody made any money. I did this whole big crime for no money. Nobody made me money. I did all this crime when I was already rich with my friends who were saying that I never hurt them. The whole thing is a logical fail. It's a logic fail. When you commit a crime, there's a goal, there's a purpose.  What was the goal and purpose of my crime? Did I want to go to jail? Did I want three months in the decoy, Hilton? There are two variants in your case. Guilty or not guilty. Correct. If you're not guilty, you've explained everything. If they will find you guilty, what will you do? If they will find me guilty, then it's going to be very interesting for the world. Because they're going to have to justify that, I hope, to a superior court. And they're going to have to justify that to the European Court of Human Rights. And we're going to see how deep the matrix runs. And as things come out and are exposed about my case and the insanity of it, we're going to have to find out how they can justify putting two brothers in jail with no witnesses on the stand. Please understand this. There's not a single girl who will take the stand against us. It's my brother and I. All of the victims on our side saying, hello, we're not victims. An empty stand for the state prosecution with nobody on their team. Nobody.  saying you're a victim, you're in a deal to your think. And it's crazy. Consent, they've thrown the idea of consent out the window, which doesn't even make sense. The difference between rape and sex with a partner is consent. If girls ask me to help them on TikTok, and I help them on TikTok, and they say thank you for helping me on TikTok, and I say no problem, I'll help you anytime you want. You can't then come along and say, ah, she's a victim, he's guilty, and because he was so nice to her, because he's a nice man, he used a lover boy method. Think about how crazy that is. They're not saying I was evil and mean and forced them with force. They're saying I used a lover boy method because I was a nice man. So now if you're a polite man who helps somebody with something, it's the lover boy method. And if the person themselves says, I asked for his help, and he hasn't hurt me, she's still a victim, and I'm still guilty, and nobody's made any money, and I have to go to jail. But they use the lover boy method. What is the lover boy method? We just described.  Now, as an I'm that is, and if they're going to put me in jail based on what I just described, if they're going to find me guilty based on what I just described, that has far-reaching ramifications for the reputation of Romania and the justice system of Romania, for people's understanding of how dangerous the law can be used when it's weaponized, for people to have faith in the European Court of Justice, because I'm sure it will go all the way to the top. I don't see how they can put completely innocent men in jail. And that's the reason I'm saying I have faith in the Romania judicial system, because I believe they'll do the right thing. I believe people in other countries are saying, do you trust the judges? I'm saying yes, I trust the Romanian judges do the right thing, and I know I know I've done nothing wrong, and I trust them, and I trust that over time, as we explain this case, we're going to be free to go. So you're asking me how could we be found guilty? I can't imagine a scenario where that happens. It would be crazy, and it'd be very scary. If you're a man at home today, you've said you've given someone some advice, how to fix the tap, how to fix the light bulb, and you were nice and polite about it.  you're a lover boy. Love a boy method. Somebody at home texts you, your man, you get a message. High the light is broken. You say, hey, hope you're good. This is how you fix the light. Be careful, look after yourself. Now, decog come along and say, ah, you have forced labor from this person. By telling her she has to fix the light, but you did it in a nice way. So you did it with the lover boy method. Because you didn't yell at her, you were very kind. So you used the lover boy method to charm her into fixing the light. Jail for you. And then when the person says, no, I just asked him how to fix the light. I asked for his help. It's quiet. You're a victim. Quiet. Here's a statement saying, I'm not a victim. Ignore that. No, you're 10 statements saying they're not victims. They threw that out. No, you are a victim and he is bad. And he used the lover boy method because the light is repaired. It's crazy. And it's scary because they can do this to anybody. They've done it to me now, but they can do it to any man they don't like. They can come.  along with these framework, these parameters of garbage, and wreck anybody, and not just Romania, any country can. And that's what's scary. What about the accusations in UK on your name? There are no accusations in UK. I have a civil case in UK. So in 2014, a girl I know told the police I hit her. They do? No, she went to the police. The police threw the case away because they found text messages in her phone of her talking to her friend, saying, I will lie about this. I'm going to tell them this. If they call you, you say this, planning it all, they took her phone off her and saw her planning it all. In 2014, so they threw it all away. Garbage. When I was arrested here in Romania, that same girl decided to launch a civil case against me, not a criminal case, a civil case. They sent us a letter saying, I want a million dollars. It's funny when you get rich. Everyone's money. It's interesting. For what? Because in 2014, you hit me. The police have already said I haven't hit you. But she said she sent me a letter.  saying that she will one day maybe sue me. Correct, she hasn't even sued me. I might sue you for a million dollars in future. When you're rich, everyone's coming out to the woodwork who wants money. Everybody, what every person I've ever known, people I went to school with, old friends, my cousins cousin, every five minutes. So money is old. Well, it's with people want money. It's hard out here. And now we have somebody else who saw me go to jail and thought this is the perfect time for me to try and get some money. It's stupid. And it's crazy and there's no accusations against me. Again, I have to look into your eyes and ask you, have you ever hit a wound? That's a good question. I have, because I'm going to do the truth, because I'm a professional kickboxer and I've trained women. So yes, I have hit a woman in sparring. But in anger, no. In anger, no. I don't need to. And I don't think that that's a constructive way to operate a relationship. And if I hit a woman, there would be serious physical evidence. I'm a big man, and I know how to hit. And the fact that he's...  Have you put anyone to hit a woman for you? No, I don't need to operate in that frame. And my life is really not that way. I create my reality very heavily. All of the women I know and interact with are extremely smart, extremely respectful, extremely polite women. I'm not an idiot. I don't have scenarios where everyone's doing drugs and people are drunk, people are screaming, not at all. My life is very calm, it's very normal. And there's no need for any kind of violence because anybody, I don't hit men that ran to me there. I haven't hit any of my guys in my house or my friends or why. We're not children. Why have you chosen former police woman to protect you? Well, that's another really just thing about this whole case. I guess you're talking about Luana, right? I thought her name was Ellie. So it's interesting. I'm glad you mentioned this. We're criminal gangs, supposedly. I only saw her twice in my life before this. I didn't know her. She came.  to some parties and I thought her name was Ellie. I didn't even know her name. Now this thing, she's a former police woman, did it, uh, well. She's part of the case. Exactly. So when they put this gang together, they took me, my brother, obvious, our personal assistant, Georgiana, who I know very well, of course, and Ellie. I was like, what are you doing here? I'm that Ellie twice in my life before this entire experience. I don't even know this woman. I literally barely know her. My brother knew her. I think it's one of my brother's ex girlfriends. She used to come to parties, but I was just like, hi, hi. I think before this experience, I must have said literally three words to her in my life. I don't know this person. You didn't ask Tristan about her? No, nothing. I don't know her. Tristan knows a lot of girls and a lot of men. He knows a lot of people. I don't know her. I had no idea that she used to be a police woman. I don't think being a low-level police woman 10, 5 years ago can protect you from decal. The number one federal agency in the country, so it doesn't even make sense. And I didn't even know that was her pass. I didn't know her pass at all. I didn't know the person. So it's another...  You had to mention that, which shows how crazy the whole case is. Describe Tristan in one word. That's a good question. His nickname is Talisman, and I think that that's a perfect nickname, because he is an extremely lucky person. He's lucky. If you had to choose someone... Lackier than you? Yeah. If you had to choose someone... Are you jealous? No, no, no. Not at all, because he's on my team. If you had to choose someone to roll the dice and get a six, you choose Tristan. Describe you in one word. That's a good question. Perspicacious. I pay attention to things. I understand why things are happening. I think a lot of people go through life and they're semi-blind. But I like to try very hard to... Pay attention to everything, and notice everything, and put the pieces together as to why end up in the situations I'm in. Did you understand what happened to you? I understand that there is an ongoing judicial process.  I believe that it is spawned from my monumental success. I believe that justice will be done. I believe the population understand I am in a centipede crime. I believe that it's been a learning experience. And I am here to continue my life to represent myself and represent Romania in the best possible life to the world. And that was the proof of being perspicacious? Absolutely, yeah. That's right. In the end of our discussion, do you have a message for those who are watching you? Yeah, I do have a message. And my message is the same as every other message I've ever given, which is one of positivity and one of hard work and diligence. And I would like to think that me going through this process has not only taught me things, but also taught other people things. And I hope everybody can learn a lesson from this experience of mine. And to be very careful with the people you interact with and be careful you interact with quality people, men and women who are never going to make false accusations against you for money. And all at all, I believe that this one not being a positive thing for both me and...  hopefully the country of Romania. I think in the end we can turn this into a positive thing, and I hold no ill will in my heart against any of the people who have tried to destroy my life, because God is the most powerful, and they will pay the price when God decides. Karma is real, and I have nothing to do but now besides when the criminal case is it. Thank you. Thank you.