 I'm gonna tell you right now 30 days ain't good to shit for you The permanent you want to make it permanent permanent you start talking about a year 18 months two years that's a sacrifice and when you commit yourself to something for a year You're not gonna say oh, I don't let that go because in your mind you like I mean you you have a clear day That year took a lot out of me that year built me that year Started to scrape away all that scar tissue start to clean me up 30 days of clean shit up 30 days is kind of covers up put a blanket over it. It's like it's like putting a rug over it a Year it cleans you up nicely. Yeah, whatever your problem is if you can dedicate yourself for a year or something You could be a changed person. I you know what so many women say to me You're so angry. You know what you're so rich, but you're smart and you're actually very intelligent And I know you'd get really bored of a like a robot and I'm sitting there thinking bitch I wish to guard your robot  You better shut the fuck up. We think about star signs? Oh yeah, I'm so glad. Tell me more about my Sagittarius rising. Idiot. The world at large has told you, watch Netflix, eat the bugs, watch Disney, don't have a sword, don't walk around with a sword. That's what they want you to do. I hate everyone equally. Don't come at me and call me sexist or racist or any of these things. I hate everyone. I don't care if you're black, white, straight, gay, man, and woman. I hate you anyway. I'm in there and they say, oh, I don't actually eat. Most people just look at me as the guy that runs and yells as he's running. And that's, while I do that, you know, to motivate people, but people don't understand that my day is broken up into segments. I work out, I eat, I sleep, but I spend most of my time studying. You waking up looking at the bugs and going, yeah, fresh day. Let's learn. I'm going to keep it real. I'm going to keep it real. So I'm not a real smart guy. And what I mean by that is.  I was born in 80, 80, 80, 80. All my brain cannot retain information. I'm not some genetic frequent, it comes to running, it comes to lifting weights. I am absolutely the bottom of the barrel. And people will never believe me. And they can just know whatever, believe what you want to believe. So we asked this question about, what does studying look like for me? I have to go over the same page, over and over and over again. The same page until it's photographic memory, from writing the same thing down. And then from there, I'll go back through it and we learn again. So I'll learn the bulk of it. But then I'll go through and learn the small things within that. Everything I do in life, it sucks. Everything I do in life, it sucks. That's why when I was 300 pounds and 24 years old, it will like let's just go be a Navy seal. Let's look.  some weight. No, I knew my entire life was going to be a struggle, which is why I just ignored it. This is why I feel sorry for no one. I was the lowest form on earth, no talent, no ability to learn and I literally know what it is to be rock bottom and to build that up. So that question about learning is the pain in my ass and I don't have to do it. This thing about I'm 49 years old and in my multi-millionaire. I don't have to do anything. So all I thought about when I was growing up is, man, I can't wait to one day get to the point where I no longer have to do this stuff. But what happens I got older, it became a way of living. So how I do every day is how I do every day. It's a discipline, it's a regiment, it's a it was a choice I made and the choice I made was, what are you willing to sacrifice and what are you willing to give  up to find every bit of who you are as human being. And I was willing to give everything to do that. So studying is no joke. So the process of writing things down by hand is important for you. Do you think about that stuff on your runs too? So when I write it down, I write it down and I'm able to I'm actually looking down at this table right now because I'm back to writing. So I'm actually there right now as I'm speaking to you. I write it down in a way that I'm memorizing page 69. So I'm writing it down so then writing it down in that page sink together in my brain. So I'm looking at the book and I'm like, now flipping pages in my head where that page was and how I do that is just from how I how I write it and how it's on the page. When I run, I can't recall any of it. I cannot I cannot bring any of that because I'm running. How my mind is wired now is that everything I do.  is what I do. Because the focus it takes for me to, like right now, I'm running, I'm not like a great runner. I'm not like injury free. So like my first 20 minutes of the run, I'm limping. I'm literally limping because I've had several knee surgeries and my body was twisted and so now it's untwisting. So people looking, oh, it looks like he's limping, you know, like limping when he runs. I am limping when I run. My body's jacked up so I'm focusing on how to get the best out of a broken body. So everything I do is a total focus on what I'm doing at that point in my life. Is there a similar feeling? No, I watch people every day go through life and it's so easy. For me to be where I'm at today, it takes every bit of me. So when I speak about it, the temple will rise. The passion will come out because I'm back there. I'm doing what I do every day to become a human being. And so nothing is easy.  Like, running is running. It sucks. But you have a choice to make. Do you want to sit down and go back to that guy you once were? No. So this is what it takes. I do these things because maybe someone out there will understand me and get it and say, I can grow from this guy. And others just won't. When you put a shirt on, do your buttons up. Because you don't want to look at you. Don't want to show your fucking little shitty ass, flabby chest. And I don't want you to like say, look, I made a mistake. I'm a bimbo than those things. Because you know what? I don't think women should be discussed that way. Like, he was saying that women make mistakes all the time. Can't even drive cars all this shit. What the f*** are you talking about? Now, if anybody doubts me, if you want a doubt, the top cheat, I will offer here right now. We're going to a $50,000 bet. We'll put the money in escrow and Bitcoin. $50,000 each. And I will do any test you name with...  any doctor, USDC, USDA, the best doctor that tips my Heimatgloben, see the size of my ball sack, we'll do it all because you're gonna find out that I ain't taking nothing. I don't need to, I'm one of God's favorites. Only a cat-owning bitch would complain to the police about a fucking joke. Fine, you're upset you lost your cat, fair it off, you have the joke, maybe in a little bit, you know, risque. Who calls the police on a fucking joke? Cat owners, cat owners of liberals, cat owners believe in hate speech, cat owners of Democrats, cat owners of Dickheads. These motherfuckers are called fucking liquid tastes like tomatoes, in a fancy ass package printed all nice, shipped from the other side of the world from China to fucking the West. And I can sit there and then some motherfuckers are, it's bad for me. Da, the fuck are our people surprised by this shit? Don't challenge me, you're effectively challenging me to a fight now.  You're gonna, you're saying I wouldn't cry. You're challenging me to a fight. You're gonna say, I can't hurt you. You're like, you're fucking mind? I know, because it's not gonna be like, oh, hurt them enough so they enjoy it. No, I'm just gonna straight hurt you. I don't even have to fuck you. Forget this sex part, that's a distraction. My dick can stay in my pants. I'll just start beating the shire out of you. How about that? We walk in the bedroom. I start kicking your ass. I find myself super funny. I find myself super funny. I am super fun. I know women, because I've made a lot of money for women. Let me tell you something. I've been attacked plenty of times. And I've talked about this in another video already, but they are absolutely feeble. Ah, ah, ah. Even with a knife, ah, ah. They're useless. They ain't ready for the big man's slap. I got a big hand. I'll bust their jaw with a bottom my hand. And the top of their head will feel the sting from the fingers like the whole boom. A lot of you are trying to find inspiration in motivation with a depressed mindset. You're depressed because...  You're not doing what yourself. You don't find inspiration by not living in the grip of life. You need to live in the grip of life to find inspiration. Put challenges in front of yourself. When you're pretty challenging to find yourself and you attack it, that's when you find inspiration. Try to be 10% better than you were last week. So if you run a 30 miles a week, 133. If you're swimming 500 meters, swim 550. If some of you aren't doing your 10%, just get out the couch. The more you walk away from accountability, the weaker you become. Find yourself in the grip of life. You can't find yourself by doing nothing. Let me see if I can fix myself. So I said, if I can just walk one more mile after being in the worst safe mind-tire life, this would change everything for me mentally going forward. From this kid who came from dirt, nothing. Who couldn't read.  So he was in the junior high school and is now here. I went, I walked a mile. I said, hmm, maybe I can walk one more mile. Maybe I can walk another mile. At mile 81, my ex-boyfriend said, you're not going to make the time. When your mind knows it's not going to quit, and this is what I found out, it's my 40% rule. When your mind knows it's not going to quit, your body will adapt to whatever is in front of it. I ended up on a 20 more miles. I did 101 miles in 19 hours and six minutes. And that one day, that one 19 hours, it wasn't a civil training, it wasn't a reindeer school, it wasn't Delta Force, it wasn't in that crap I went through. It was this 19 hours and six minutes that forever changed my life to know that we as human beings are capable of anything. And we don't need any special kind of parents or tools to get there. So I'll end you with this. Don't stop from your tire, stop from your done. Thank you very much.  Come on, get it, 17. Feelin' gonna be son, get it, 18. Ain't gonna be son, get it, 19. You feelin' gonna be son? Yeah, one, you got the ball in your hand. 21. Yeah, get it again. Come on, we wanna see it. Good, we're good. We're gonna carry the bolts in the logs. That's you, buddy. Come on, 23. Come on, 24. One more, David. Who's one more, Gary? The bolts. You're gonna do it, you're gonna do it. You're gonna do it. You did it, yeah? Once the last time I got lucky, lucky. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, bro, don't trust the big G. I'm gonna go to the casino with this 70. I'm gonna turn it into 100. Because we have like a few days about pay this bill. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, bro, it's a big brother. Relax. So I went to the casino and lost all the money. Because I sit here as the richest person who's ever...  fucking wasted his time talking to your fucking dumb ass and tells you what to do, you don't fucking listen to me. Oh well, take, you know, maybe he's wrong about your problem. How can I be wrong when you were in the poor category and I'm in the rich category, obviously, no, it's up to you fucking dumb. You arrogant dickhead. Breathe air. You don't need a vape. If you're a seemingly one with a vape, if you're a sat in a room, so we go wait, oh, let me just, a vape's done charging. Load up. I mean, I smoke cigars, but I know what the fuck I'm doing. Give me a big fat cigar. You go to your job. Sorry. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. One dude, you must've been about 50. Got naked. Then go on the dance floor and just start to dance. Just like, yeah. If you want to dance, just, why would you get a complete naked and just go do your shit dance? Hey, man, bro, look, yeah, bro, you, when you held.  In his hand, you need to do the inverse split and then all of them running and getting on skateboards. And then skateboarding around the floor. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Pretending to do another... Geeks. The brokeies and all the fucking loose toys. Who would be able to go for it? Me, all I have to do is say, okay. I'm gonna be like, bang, off scene that before. Okay, boop, boop, duck and dive in, take one tear or stop. Next, get the AK, go Rambo. Take out all the fucking Pakistani and the G. I don't play games. Traffic's going this way. The traffic stopped. Traffic, she comes out. So they're just turning right and going on her way. She comes and just crashes into this car. And I sat there and I thought, how are women allowed to drive? What he building is a beauty pageant. Where doos try their best to put on muscles so other doos can say, you're the best looking to. It's gay. One thing that changed my life, my grandfather, he told me.  You're going nowhere in your life. Not being anything. As bad as that hurt me, it got me to pull my head up my ass. So learn to stay hard, and have a fixed kid, and do what's right. What you need is the one thing I talked about my book was a straight up brutal work ethic. You have to be willing to outwork everybody in the world. That's the hard part. That's the hard part. This isn't like some five step process where you can do these five steps. You're going to end up with this magical world. No, I'm basically teaching you how to callus over your victim's mentality. This is all about the cruddy mind. So what's the cruddy mind? So let's say it's day one of a job interview. Do you have your clothes laid out?  We're preparing for weeks and weeks and weeks. You show up and you bring your best self. At the couple of months, you start showing up to work a little later. You don't look as good, your breakfast isn't ready. Your mind's getting softer. Refortician every day, stay hard. Well, some important conversation is the one you have with yourself. You wake up with it, you walk around with it, you go to bed with it, eventually. Sometimes you act on it good, sometimes bad. You gotta change the internal dialogue that person in your head, that's talking to you. Until you change the internal dialogue in your head. Until you call us over the victim's mentality that the world is out to get you because of you are the only, you gotta change that. I once had that mentality that no one understands what the fuck I'm going through. And if you keep that mentality, you're gonna stay in the same exact spot that you're in.  that no one understands me. There's a whole, there's millions of people. Why do you think a book that I self-published, you know, is doing so well with the story that's so tough? People like, I never get what I went to a publishing house like, who's going to resonate with this story? No one's going to buy this book? I'm like, are you not in the world? Are you not in society? You're never alone. Everybody's going through so when people get this mentality of like, you understand me? You can throw a flock to someone that can understand you if they're willing to break themselves down and stop hiding. A lot of people understand you, but you got to stop hiding. That's why I tell people a lot of people going through, they just hide better than you did. That's all they did. It was hiding better. Don't find more. A lot of us give total control to life.  We don't have any control of it. We just give all control to life. I do this shit every morning To prepare my mind for what life's gonna throw at me A healthy body gives you a healthy mind. I should list about So if you go into battle You're not going about the right mindset the right gear In combat you wear body armor But when we do wrong is we're on strength in our minds You got strength in your mind Take control of that Most of us live our entire lives aboard in failure It's funny I walk around people come to me and I said man That ABC you went to Ranger school you are you know Air Force tag B you know you uh didn't pull a breaker You got all these ultra-races all this man  about it is this, they know that part of me. This is the part I don't know about myself. I felt the Az-Bab test to get in military three times. In the Air Force, I thought that parametrious you. In the seals, it took me three times to get through Navy Seal training. The pull-up record took me three times. This is what I know about me. So I'm saying this, you can't leave your life being afraid to fail. All those failures made me the success in the day. Stay hard. Stay in the fight. As you know, I'm a serious introvert and very afraid of people. I got judged so much growing up that this is uncomfortable for me. All these podcasts, you know, that's why I post once a week. But the one thing I realized why I wrote the book is honestly, I have a story to tell. As we all have a story to tell.  And what I realized on my journey was a lot of us don't believe that we can achieve the impossible. And along my journey I started realizing, man, I gotta tell some people about this man. Like I discovered something that some people have, but they don't even know all of us have it. Along this way I wasn't like I said, I wasn't a theorist, I became a practitioner. And I was like, my God, I'm bustin' down so many barriers of like, I've learned disability. Okay, but I'm catching up with everybody. I figured that out. I figured out all these negative things in my life that were keeping me in this hole. Like I gotta tell people, man, that hang on a second, man, you can achieve the absolute impossible. I first made my millions of dollars. The first time I ever became a millionaire was with Webcam Studio. Oh really? Yeah, this is how I first ever made money. I mean, I was a kickboxing world champion, but kickboxing's not...  boxing, right? Yeah. So I'd make like $100,000 a fight. You fight two or three times a year. You pay 20% to your manager. You pay taxes, but you're not rich, Rich. So you get like 30 to 40% of the money. Yeah. And I didn't consider myself rich. Like 30, 40 grand chunks, like twice a year, maybe three times a year and living in London, London rents, you need a car. You're trying to know, like, you're not rich in any way. And that's actually the reason I retired because I woke up one day and I thought, I'm giving six hours a day of absolute focus and energy to this. And I believe I'm smart enough that if I put that much tenacity into something else, I can be a multi-millionaire. I truly believed that. I was like, I've realized now I've reached a pinnacle of kickboxing. My choice is either to change over to MMA, which I was offered to do earlier in my career, but at the time the kickboxing contract paid more money, I had to pay the bill. So I went to kickboxing, turned over to MMA, learned to wrestle, changed over to UFC, blah, blah. But this is also like seven, eight years ago where even the UFC didn't pay the money it pays now. But the UFC still doesn't pay that much money from what I understand. No, if you're like top five or champion, yeah, but most of the dude...  you're gonna see there in the prelims, they're getting 10 grand if I nine grand if I thought this is nothing right so it'd be like starting my career all over again and at the age of 28 I thought I don't have the gumption to start again. I've done I've been through health of this I've broken my hand eight times my ribs have been broken. You know I don't want to do this all over again so so what do you do when you realize that hey maybe I don't want to keep fighting. I really I decide to get rich rich. What does that mean to you when you sit when you're sitting there you're getting you know 30 40 thousand dollars kind of net on a perfect basis is rich to you like hey I want a couple hundred thousand dollars a million bucks 20 million dollars a billion dollars I want I want a 30 or 40 thousand every month 30 or 40 thousand every month so about half a million bucks a year get to take okay I've I had that much money I could do whatever I wanted okay that's what I decided I want to step one that you do so step one is maybe that's how we ended up here together my friend step one is I tried to decide it to be very logical about it just player right so it's like I want money what is money how do banks work how does  What's fractional reserve banking? All these things we now know to be the biggest cons of the century, right? So I'm sitting there researching money for days and days and days. And then I get more mad because I'm like, whoa, whoa, money's trash and I don't have any. Now I'm really, now I'm really annoyed, right? I thought, I thought like everyone else did that, you know, everyone puts their money in the bank and the money, the bank takes some of other people's money and lends it out. I didn't know they invented it from the sky. I still, I still at that point thought money was linked to gold. I didn't know nothing. So I'm learning all this stuff and I'm getting really angry. I'm like, now this is really annoying me. So anyway, I go out of piece of paper there and I'm in my research phase and it started to start writing down some dude on YouTube. I don't know who he was, some dork. He was a pro gold guy. This is before I made Bitcoin was probably around then, but like early. He was a pro gold guy saying, buy gold, buy gold, buy gold. And he was saying that the difference between asset, liability, et cetera, et cetera. So I started trying to write down what I had. It's like I have an apartment. I have a BMW. I can, I-  I'm in good shape, but I already used that for fighting. What can I do? I can play chess. I'm just writing down the things I have and what I'm good at. And then I kind of realized, I was like, I've got like eight girlfriends. But because I was traveling the world, and if you win, you get a ring girl. It's kind of like just, she's banging the winner, right? You win a world title. You get to choose the ring girl you want. It's pretty easy, right? So I had a girlfriend in Slovakia, I had a girlfriend in France, I had a girlfriend in England, girl for all these girlfriends. Do they know about each other? No. God, I know every motherfucker, and I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do. So this is how you level up. That's how you level up. I know there's a whole bunch of people with that right there. That fires me up. That makes me fucking happy with you this said. That brings joy to my life right there. Why? Because I know there's so many people that have the ability and just refuse to get off that couch. Refuse to study a few more hours. Refuse to go deeper, to go further. And that's...  where I gained the advantage. It's so easy to be great nowadays, my friend, because most people are weak. Most people don't wanna go to that extra mile. Most people don't wanna find that extra because it sucks. It's miserable, it's lonely. With being the baddest motherfucker that got ever created. In my back, I don't care. I believe it. Now I was trying to tell him once she become obsessed with something, obsessed, it's okay to be unbalanced for a while. It's okay, don't be all this stuff. People say you gotta be balanced to be the best in the world. That what you do, it's not about being a Navy SEAL people, the best in what you do, you have to be unbalanced to find every bit of fucking energy and strength that you have to pull it off. When anything goes wrong in my family, if there's a flat tire, they'll call fucking Triple A, they call David fucking Goddard. Mom's got a problem, David. But mom's sick, David, anybody they call David, that's earned, that's a good feeling. I believe.  even suck discipline, self pride, self motivation. No one has that self anymore. That self is gone. So that driving force that tells you, I have to do this shit. I took great pride in the fact that I was nobody. My mama tell you right now, she's right there sitting. She knows, I don't buy myself shit. I take great pride in that. I don't want shit. Because how I'm wired, I'm wired to, hey mom, I'm gonna get you this, this, this, this, my girl. Everybody's got everything. I don't even own a fucking car. Now, I'm a multi-millionaire. And I said it with pride. Because what I was here to do as a man, and men, men that even want to hear this, it sounds so barbaric. That's the pride in what you have as a man. Is that you see your body, see your girl, you see your kids, you see all this shit, you see them doing well.  That's all a real man once. They don't give a fuck about how they dress, how they look, what they're driving. They don't give a shit. Because why? Your trophies are your family, and they're all walking around. Every man that sees you, they see you walking with some sweatpants and shit, but they know your family's fucking ballin' because you put the fuckin' time in, you put the effort in, you put the work in, and as a man, we don't want none of that shit, we just want fuckin' respect. The parents raised the kids very differently now. It's just something that we almost can't teach our kids anymore because the world is influencing people for all over. Once they leave your house, you got this weak family, that weak family, that weak family, same as your dad like that. Why are you doing that? TickTalk has the most advanced AI in regards to fleeting. Mehta are trying to do the same thing, but they're not as effective.  Because it's actually very advanced technology. TikTok is quite impressive with how heavily they've suppressed. And that shows how heavily they're going to suppress dissenting voices in the future. I'll be honest right now and tell everyone, TikTok started banning me, so then my team would invert the videos because my face would be inverted. And that would escape the ban for two weeks. It's like the Borg. You ever watch Star Trek? The Borg adapts. And then they get rid of the inversion. And then we'd put a voice muffler on it. Then they get rid of the voice muffler. And then we'd use a cartoon version of me and they'd identify the cartoons somehow. Then static pictures of me, like I just named, they get rid of. Then my voice, that TikTok are sitting there at the very cutting edge of AI, specifically to get rid of me. They hate me. TikTok do. And I think the reason for that is because they were dragged into the Senate and they were attacked for hateful ideologies and dangerous ideologies. And they saw the future of their platform was contingent on getting me off of it. Because I'm seen as dangerous to the Democrats and Democrats were hammering them. And they thought we had to get rid of Andrew or TikTok's in the gu...  because I was everywhere. So they've literally invented brand new technology to get rid of me, which means the future for anybody else of the dissenting voices dangerous. Because it starts with me and soon it's all of you who don't agree that your son should chop his dick off. It's coming for all of you. Because Peter, meta are trying the same, YouTube tried the same, but the problem with meta on YouTube is they're failing and they're losing to TikTok right now and they need views. And I use. So they kind of let it slide. And then we have Rumble and X, which are as close as you can get the free speech on the world today and they're doing a fantastic job. It's keeping the light alive. Yeah. I'm an underground athlete. I didn't do anything to accept these amazing awards. I did it because basically I grew up very tough, tough life, lived in a horrible place mentally, physically, mostly spiritually, got beat down so bad for my father that he beat the curbs of strength out of me. So I had to find a way to kind of get it back. And how I did that was literally.  examining my soul. So in doing that, I started looking for the most uncommon people in the world. So it brought me into special operations, from the air force to the seals to rangers. And along the way, I started realizing how powerful the mind truly is and how little we use of it. So now I was getting beat down. I thought I was nothing. I thought I was the lowest form on earth. And to develop my mindset, what I did was I started joining special operations unit, looking for these courageous men. And I found them. And I found them. I started realizing that it's all in your head. The most important conversation is the one you have with yourself. You wake up with it. You walk around with it. You go to bed with it. Eventually, you act on it. And my conversation was a bad one. Okay. But they find out pretty soon. So I had all these girlfriends. So I'm like, maybe I could open a strip club and be a pimp, you know, be a gangster about it.  And then that opening strip clip, that's the first thing you thought about was the opening strip clip. Well, I thought I have these beautiful girls. How can I, this is before like Twitch existed. So I was like, what can I do with these hot girls? It's like, it's just an asset, right? There's these girls and a lot of them were messaging me. They thought I was this millionaire world champion. They all want to come London live with me and thought I was a big boy, millionaire and all this stuff. So it's like they do. Because of social media. But well, partially because of that. And also because they met me, I turned up, I fight, I win. I win the world title. I leave. We're texting each other. They don't, they assume I'm this big boy. Right? So I'm kind of like, what am I going to do? What am I going to do? I thought, man, I investigate strip clubs way too much money. But this, these, this asset class of beautiful women was kind of on my mind for a few days. And then by absolute coincidence, I stumbled upon somewhere on the internet. I was on some, one of those websites who used to download like free games and bullshit from. And in the corner or somewhere, I said, hot girls want to talk to you now or something. I said, hot girls, so I clicked on that. Not because I was interested, but because I thought I have hot girls. And I was on the other side.  webcam websites and I was like, ah, so these girls sit here and talk to dudes for money. So I'm gonna get my girls to see. And they're naked, they're just talking, how does it work? It's 50-50, I mean, it depends on the girl, it depends what she wants to do. But the majority of the job is not based around being naked. The majority of the job is based on being entertaining and being easy to talk to. And the guys who are talking to you need to find you, that you need to remember their name, remember their dog's name, you have to be smart. You can't just be a girl, it'll be a bimbo me naked and make money. You have to be really smart, charming, interesting, happy all the time, positive. And I thought, I'm gonna try this. So I messaged all five of my girlfriends, so I might have a job for them, explained them what I was gonna do, and I was gonna launch this company. Four of them agreed, all four flew in, sat around the same table. They're all like, who's she, who's she, who's she? I'm like, well, you're all my girlfriends. Two more left. And then two stayed. And that was the beginning of my little attempt at a webcam empire. And I put the girls there and my role in it all was I did all the tech side of stuff, which is the first thing, of course. And then I'll...  Also, and I get called a pimple law, but I, and the reason I use the term is because I don't see it as a negative term. I see it as positively inspirational and motivating person. I was, I'd motivate the girls. I'd make sure they did their job properly. If they had a bad day online, I'd come up with a good excuse for them. Oh, it's been a football game. It's been really busy. Don't worry, you're so beautiful. Don't be upset. You did better than her. You did the best today. Did it, I keep everything organized, put the schedules together, all that kind of stuff. And is it hard? It's hard because women have to want to work for you. Women have to want to obey you. That's what's hard. And you don't do that. This is one of the biggest misconceptions. I really want to clear this up. People in the movies and stuff, pimps are like aggressive mean men, complete opposite. Pimps are more like James Bond. James Bond's a pimp. He sleeps with a girl to get information. He doesn't care about her. He is absolutely not really a pimp. He doesn't hit her. He makes her love him. She does what he wants. He uses sex as a weapon to reward her. And then he disappears. That James Bond is absolutely not really a pimp. So I say pimp because everyone calls me a pimp. Alan Ho фотorck B Jelly Monsters  online, trusted, go, ha ha, you're a pimple, you're offended. It's like, no, beautiful women want it to work for me. And they want it to work for me because I displayed Supreme Supreme competence. And they knew if they worked for me, they'd make a lot of money. So when I was out, I'd meet a waitress and say, well, you're working 10 hours a day for pennies. You can work 10 hours a day for me, make 10, run them up. 20, run them up. And over time, I just build up this big, this big little little empire of webcam girls. At one point, I had four locations, 75 girls working for me. And I'll say, we say locations like explain what goes into a location. I just ran houses. All right. So you rent a house and in the house, you just literally, hey, go live here. There's like technology set up. And then you can basically just sit in front of the computer and literally be on the other end of one of these webcams and guys are paying by the minute by the hour or whatever to talk to you. It's their choice whether they are doing it fully clothes, they're talking, getting naked, whatever. And then you're taking some cut of it. Yeah. Basically. So I girls who would live in the house, and I was pretty impressive. I just broke down the webcam. You got that. You nailed it. No background information. Yeah. You nailed it. You nailed it.  So the girls who lived in the house would have set them out of hours they want to do and then we'd have rooms that they could book in and do X-Matt of hours a girl could come and do one a week or whatever we'd have rooms they could share and then yeah very much exactly like you said They'd go online they'd do their hours they'd have their regular customers they'd get their money and then I'd take around half of the money Around 50% around 50% okay, is that higher low compared to the rest of the well pretty wide very low. It's low because Every time a girl would quit and try and do it by herself. She'd make a fraction of the money overall Because she hasn't got the instruction she hasn't got the motivation. She's just lazy with it, right and women have a very different mentality to money than men If you show a woman how to make a thousand dollars in an hour she'll think I only have to I only have to work an hour a week Which if you show a man how to make a thousand dollars an hour who thinks I can make 18,000 dollars a day That's the difference between us. So if I had a girl worker for me making 20,000 and she got 10 I got 10 if she quit she'd make Three for herself if that When you put these restrictions up Yeah, that's what my first question  How bad do you want this? If this is bad as you want to live, breathe, or sleep, whatever hell it may be, I can work with you. A lot of people, most people don't want it that badly, which is why they always ask the question, How do you get to where you are? You know how to do it. You know exactly how to be you or how to be me. You don't want to do it. So I can't make you do it. In order I have the time or energy to force you into that place that I know you have to be to do it. There's no luck in this game. It may be a little bit luck, but the luck happens after you press drags and you put yourself in that lucky situation. Luck doesn't happen. You put yourself in that situation where luck might fucking happen. And that's what people don't know. But to get there, luck ain't gonna happen. You have to put yourself in that situation, man. It takes a lot of work. But the biggest key to success in anything you...  you, is you got to have an unlimited supply of fucking fuck you. This drive in passion and it may come from nothing. Like for me, there was no passion, no driving or nothing. But I had this fire that I'm going to be somebody. And it has to be there because on all those bad days and all those days, you don't want to do shit. You have to be your own motivator, your own coach, your own, your own trainer, your own everything. So to do that, you have to come into work and work is whatever your work may be, ready to go. And what that means is you may have failed miserably yesterday, but you come to work like, you're like, man, you just lost everything. How the hell are you just fucking damn motivated? Cause this is what it takes. This is what the fuck it takes. And you got to get it from wherever you can, whether you make up this illusion of your life or this ball.  reality that gets you motivated whatever gets you motivated it's kind of be here at the tip of your brain at all. They think it's a permanent fix. They think it's something that that is are constant. They think that maybe once I get it I'm gonna hold on to it and that's the thing about that I was telling you that I always talk about. It's nothing is permanent. Nothing is permanent. And a lot of times you have to learn to perform without motivation. You have to learn to perform without purpose. You have to learn to perform a lot of different things and that's what people think. They think I need to have this motivation to work out to study to be better. So if they don't have it they just don't fuck it do it. And that's where you fail. You have to learn to train your mind well beyond motivation. If you have motivation  That's great. That's some kin-lean to the fire. All it takes is a little bit of fucking spark. You can burn a whole force up, but motivation you have to learn to exist without it. You have to learn to be you have to be your best self and your least motivated. And that's the tricky part about all that shit. Motivation is just a word. You have to have these different things in your mind on where you want to go and know that motivation is not going to get me there. I'm not going to always be motivated. Jocco said the exact same thing. He said that discipline eats motivation for breakfast. And discipline is good too. But without a clear headspace, there's no discipline. What do you mean? So let's say we have a circuit breaker. Okay, and I'm loading everything up to one fucking circuit. Just load it up. It's gonna fucking blow. What's that thing blow, man? The circuit's all fucked up. You're gonna have each thing plugged into the right spot.  like a fucking crowded garage. You can't put anything in it. Once your brain is crowded, discipline is great. Motivation is great. But if you can't fit shit in your brain because it's all fucking cluttered with shit, there's no discipline. You may have it sometimes when it fits in that crowded garage of your mind, but you don't have the consistency that you need to have with that discipline. Here, it's full, full, full clown rules lately. And I mean, look, the programming, the programming. It's like, I create my reality very, very carefully. I don't even really read my own YouTube comments. I don't really, because it's just bullshit. I legit, I don't, I really have an existence where I only talk to the people in my network, the people I do business with, my brother, I live in a country which is sensible. I really am not around much of this, but I accidentally pick up bits of it. But I really try and create my reality very, very carefully because it's actually one of...  of the things that's amazing to me. I said this the other day, everybody understands that you're the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. Everybody understands that. Can't pay, yeah. Everybody understands that. But they understand that and still hang around with fucking losers. True. It's like, is that not the ultimate mark of being a dumbass? If you understand that that's the truth and you don't create your friendship and create your reality, then you're a loser. I had a guy join the War Room of the Day in my private network and he joined. We have multi-millionaires in there, multi-millionaires in there, we have a billionaire in there. I bought a Bugatti purely to add to that younger's to our network so we got that younger's in there. We have guys connected to the point where I can't say you don't need to. A guy joined, he's 19, he made nothing. This book, I know I don't have the value to give, but I'm just here to learn. I understand that. But by spending a chance to stay for a minute, it's good enough. I was like, you're absolutely intelligent. Instead of spending 19 sitting around and playing video games, that's the smart thing you could have ever done. Sure. His life's gonna change forever, right? Because he's around people who understand. So all the people out here are sitting there and go, yeah, you're the sum of the five people you hang around with the most, yeah. And go hang around with dickheads. You're an idiot. But most people...  people are like that. Because idiots, right? You have to create your reality and there's nothing wrong with saying to people, you know what I've outgrown you? You know what? I'm on a different path. You know what XYZ? Sometimes you've got to cut people off because if you don't create your reality, they infect your energy. That is a big one. That was a big question. It's like negativity. It's being around it. I remember cutting off like a really good friend for a good period because of that negative draw. A 100%. Yeah. Because as much as I don't want to sound airy-fairy, I have noticed. I have a saying and it's not a very remarkable saying, but I use it all the time. And that dumb shit leads to dumb shit. And I say that for an example, like let's say you leave a car on it. You're unprofessional. You leave a car on it. Now it's stolen. Now it's a police case. Now that a dumb shit leads to dumb shit. So when I'm around people who do dumb shit or unprofessional things or they're not smooth or they don't get your shit right or they're negative, then I refuse because it comes true. It's like you may get true. If I hang around with your stupid ass long enough, all the stupid shit you're talking about is going to happen to me. So it's like you speak. Yeah.  So I refuse to be around it dumb shit leads to dumb shit everyone I talk to is such a fucking winner That when I sit round all I could do is accidentally win. Yeah, it's like oh shit bam more money like all you can do is win when you're around Winner, it's true. It's true. It's all you can do so you have to you have to be very very selective And you have to very very carefully create your reality and that's why I created the war room because it's a global network But you have to be global and you have to be online nowadays because if you're a normal dude living a normal life You're never gonna meet winners in day-to-day life. Yeah, cuz they're all slaves Yeah, so you have to find that guy in Singapore was a winner those two guys that to buy who's a winner one in London like it's hard now Yeah, it's getting harder and harder, but yeah, I don't tolerate negativity around me I I'll tell you this I started really realizing that when I started overcoming myself I started getting around these real alpha males to affirm to the universe gentlemen You need to wake up every day and you need to talk to the universe as if it was Alexa or Siri and you need to say I want to see how good life can get I've been saying this all the time and I  I thought that my life was already perfect two or three years ago. And still it keeps getting better. My life keeps getting better. Now, life isn't a straight line, right? I didn't get to the top and it's straight line. I had bumps, bruises, I had step backs. Yeah, I got cut up, I got stabbed. I had a lot of problems. But here I am at the top. Life's not a straight line. But every single day I say, I want to see how good life can get and God keeps providing. He keeps making me richer. He, I retain my wealth. I retain my health. I make better friends. I have amazing relationships. I have love in my life. Everything goes well for me all of the time. I can't explain in human words how fantastic my life is. I wouldn't change a thing. I can't catch depression. Never happen. Never fucking will. And I stand by that. Another thing that's really important, I say this all the time. Nearly every word that comes out of my mouth is self hypnosis. Every word that comes out of my mouth is self hypnosis. And it's the same for everybody watching this. Every single word you speak is self hypnosis. Every single thing you say out of your own mouth is almost more important than the things you hear from other people. Amen. I have to be sitting there saying, I'm.  depressed. I got a generational curse. I'm on lucky, bro. You can't be saying these things because you're reaffirming them within your mind. I don't do that. And as many people are going to sit there and say, take your delusional, you're a narcissist, you go through the world saying you're super lucky and that you're you bulletproof and you can do all these crazy things. It's a possible fee to be depressed. You're a narcissist. Perhaps look at my life and look at yours. So let's talk about it from let's look at it in pure metrics. Who's more who came from a worse scenario at the start? Who had a worse background? Me who's now more successful? Me who's happier? Me who smiles more? Me who sleeps easy at night? Me what a fuck what I want to think like you if thinking this way makes me a bad person, but I get fucking fantastic results from my entire life and everybody close to me gets fantastic results from knowing me and everybody close to me absolutely adores me. Why would I want to adopt your thinking and be a sad fucking sack of shit sitting on the internet trying to cancel people like a door. I don't want to be I don't want to be my enemies. There's not a single enemy I have that I'm remotely envious of in any regard every single one of them has a shit life and a shit existence.  I already won. God's already punished them. God's already rewarded me. I know these things. I'm the luckiest man on the planet. You have to say these things and you have to truly believe them. That's how I start. Look for us as a tool to shape the world. And I think that's what a lot of people also don't understand about being rich. You don't want to be rich. You want to be powerful. That's what really is going to satisfy you in your soul. It's the power. It's not the I can afford this to. That's nice for a while. But really what makes you happy is there's 60 of these bugeytes on earth. Everyone wants one who gets one. I do. Because you can't have one. That's that's the fun of it. Right. So it's power. You're truly chasing and if you want to be powerful you can't be scared to invest money and spend money. A lot of people at home if they want to make more money. You need to invest in themselves. Yeah. You've invested in themselves and they're maybe they've been taught well I just save. I just saved. Let me say to everyone here at home. If you are saving less than 10 grand a month and you're just saving saving your chance of being rich is fucking zero. You need to go and do some  else and make more. Invest in yourself, get knowledge, pay attention to mentors, start another business, open something, you need to do something because you're not going to save your way to the top. The average person at home, you're not earning enough to ever save, if you're going to save 100% of your wage, you're still going to be broke. You have to get to a level of earning. Both thinking about it's funny, man, all these catchphrases people are saying, you don't feel used to corner my, that used how you grow. I've said all that stuff before, but it really is a bunch of shit. It really is, man. I'm not going to be honest with you, man. I'm so tired. Yeah, that'll help back her. I'm so tired of hearing all these fucking cliche fucking, you know, like, goal setting, fucking posters and all that shit. Half the people right there, shit I don't even do what they're talking about. Half the people talk about failure, you know, they're fucking me and they're sitting back at some last house, what they're talking about. So it just, it makes me fucking nuts. The reason why I really got you to talk about failure, kind of feeling the day, and feeling the main way.  And I'm living with the hockey. So many people who talk about all these shit, they're, they're having this. The people who used to do back in the day and I talk about it. Are you living it today? So for me, failure is something that you should be afraid of. It should be afraid of. But that's why you should go out there and challenge yourself too, fam. I went and found out about that. I just learned about how they print money. I literally could not believe it. Oh, wait, money's not real. For three days, I'm sitting around, so I'm like, what the fuck is this? Are they just printed shit? Money is not real. It's not real. It's not real. Fair. Please, could you? Yeah, so money's not real. And I say that to people. So it's not about money. No, it's not about money. So what's about power control? Yeah. So I've been from the absolute bottom to the absolute top. I've seen it all. And once you get past a certain level of wealth, once you get past a certain level of money, yeah, but then you, then you understand what money is, right? So we say about money not being real. Money is not real from a governmental perspective because they just print it as nothing. But money is truthfully the stored time and energy of other people. If you have money, you have stored time and energy of other humans. Because our early rates. That's right. Because I can take that money and make someone else.  use their time and energy for X thing. So let's look at even American slavery, the slavery that most Americans understand. You're gonna work for me. I'm gonna give you a house and I'm gonna give you food and you're gonna stay here and you're gonna work. Slavery is abolished. So now what do we do? You're gonna work for me. I'm gonna give you that. I'm gonna give you some money and that money is enough to only buy you a house and some food. We've just put money in the middle. Now if I can make you do whatever I want for money and I can print as much money as I want, you're my slave because I can print it from the sky and you need it to live. So you are my slave. Money's not real. So I have all of this money. I have to store time and energy of other humans and once you get past a certain level of wealth, you understand which ties back to COVID that you're not interested in money. We're interested in this people. It's always been about having good people around you. You want a beautiful doting loving woman who's obsessed with you. You want good brothers who will stand by you and make you motivate. You want bodyguards who are gonna protect you. You want people and then you want to look at it further down the rabbit hole. You want to get more sinister. If you've been born into a lineage or a dynasty or the people...  control the world, you want people, you want robot people. You don't want to be spoken to disrespectfully. In your empire, in your podcast empire, right? You now have a podcast. Would you allow a member of staff to come along and say, this is bullshit? I don't like how you do this. This is shit. You're shit. Would you fire him? I don't know if I would fire them out. First try to teach them how to behave. And if they didn't listen, they're out. Absolutely. So let's imagine you ran a country. Okay. All right. You want to let's imagine you ran the world. That we need. So I say this to people. I say for the next two weeks, every time you spend money, even if it's a pound, right down how they got it from you. And I would you mean I'm like, all right, cool. You're walking down the street. You're going to Starbucks. You buy a coffee. Why did they take your money? Well, I want a coffee. You have a how? Okay, you want a coffee, right? Cool. Did you only want a coffee because you saw Starbucks or do you want a coffee beforehand? Why did you want their coffee and not another coffee? Did you buy a cake as well? Why did you buy a cake? All right. Cool. So now you identify how they took your money. Then realize how they could have took more of your money.  You bought a cake but you didn't buy sandwich. Why? The sandwiches weren't on display. Or they look cold or they look rubbish. Or the woman who was serving me was old-nugly. Maybe she was a young cutie and talked to me about belonging sandwiches or a ball. Right? So you just start identifying how your money is taken from you. Because once you identify how your money is taken from you, you can start to actually intelligently think about how you can take money from other people. I find it amazing when people say they don't have motivation. I have people come to me and say, I want to get rich, I'm not a motivation, I want to work harder. I said, how can you not have motivation to get rich? When somebody like me with a head start like mine is still working 18 hour days every single day, seven days a week without any day off. I'm gonna crush you. You don't stand a chance. I will beat you. And you're just gonna sit there and perpetually lose because you can't find the motivation to crawl up out the mud and stay a bug until you end up in your 15-minute city, get in your 17th injection like a dummy, like a useless eater. All I do is work, nothing is fun. I don't have fun. I don't even understand. I don't understand the concept of fun. The only sport I ever did was beating the shit out people. Is that fun? Our minds are like a fucking garage. And the  If you open a garage and it's all cluttered up, it's all fucked up, you can't put your car in there. You got fucking boats and you got fucking kids toys and shit everywhere. But if you organize that fucking garage and you put everything in rightful spot, you can pull that car in there. You can put two cars and you put bikes in there. And that's like with the mind, people talk about discipline and fucking determination and fucking, you know, repetitions and all this shit, consistency. Why people fall off the wagon so often is because their mind is full of shit. There's no room in that mind for discipline. There's no room for consistency. They may do it once or twice, but then the mind takes over and that cluttered fucking garage comes in and then it's like a circuit breaker, man, a circuit breaker just overloads fucking sparks. And our minds, that's our mind, man. It's like a fucking circuit breaker. That's so much shit in it. You keep on loading it. You can't put any more into it. Clear in space and your fucking mind.  So then you have room for all those disciplines waking up early, taking those, because they do mean something. But we don't get to that fucking dark matter that is keeping you from clearing out that mental garage. You never picked me up. You never picked me up when I fell. She taught me how to get up when I was not down. I think my uncle, for always being there for me. I think all you are here who fought in these wars. You have no idea how big of a deal is this to me. I was not always this strong guy. You see, I went through a lot of hard times in my life to get here today. And a story I'll tell you with real quick. I tried once to get in the air force to be a Air Force pair restroom. And I quit for fear of the water. I was 175 pounds. I left the Air Force four years later at 375 pounds.  I went from 175 to 300 pounds. There's a long story in there on how that came to be. If I sat around and read a book on the Medal of Honor, and those guys all I wanted to be was an uncommon man. In my whole life, I was not that much worse than that. I read stories about men like you, Doc, who had the courage to jump on grenades and stuff like that. So I came home one day from working at a job called Eco Lab, where I spray for cockroaches. I made $1,000 a month, weighing 300 pounds. And I got home and I watched the show on Discovery Channel. The guys carrying boats and logs. And they be still training. And I decided to make a change in my life. And I called their cooter up, and he asked me these questions. He had a meat, a certain A.  like a certain height and weight limit. I was six foot one and 300 pounds. He laughed at me. Seven other recruiters laughed at me. One recruiter finally said, come on in, I'm too busy to talk to you on the phone. He didn't know how much I weighed. I walked through the recruiter's office and he looked at me and he said, you're fat and you're black. God said, I want to be a Navy SEAL. I didn't know there'd only been 35 African-American Navy SEALs at that time. Over 70 years. He said, I basically had to lose 106 pounds in less than three months because of my age. I was getting too old. I came back three months later, 106 pounds lighter. I, thank you. Just even being around people with money, it's just a good place to be. I'll give you an example. I was in Romania and I have the largest car collection, probably in Romania, I have 28 super cars, everything.  name. And I went to a town called Cluj Nupoca. It's on the border of Hungary. And I drove there in my sheer arm and I parked up and a kid came up and he said, hey, can I take some photos of your car? I have a car spotting page. I was like, yeah, whatever. Cool. And he goes, yeah, okay, I'll just be a few minutes to discuss. He took a bunch of photos and he goes, and he come up to me and said, you want the photos? And I was like, not really. I've already had photos. And he goes, oh, yeah, okay. Well, if you want him, here's my email address. And I said to him, why do you do this? Like, you spend all day standing around taking photos of other people's cars. Is that not a waste of time? I thought it was a waste of time, but I was wrong. He goes, oh, well, I skipped school and I skipped college because I knew if I take pictures of expensive cars and email them to people, I'll have email addresses of the richest people in Romania. Yes, ma'am. I was like, you're clever. I ended up hiring him. He works for me now. Yeah. I was like, you know, I like you. He got himself a full time job that day. So he understood being near the money. I have no money. He's over there. Well, let me get closer to it.  Like, don't always stay in over here on my fucking own. Let me at least get closer to it. That was a 17 year old kid. Now he's making 10 grand a month in Romania for me. So like, at least being closer to it, so that you're right. People should, even if they haven't got a penny in the world, should be going to these meetings about real estate, about investing, that especially if it's cheap, they should go just meet other people who at least have money, have conversations about money, talk about it, how are you gonna get what you don't talk about? I love what you talk. So what's your fucking excuse? Is it too cold when you live? Is it too hot when you live? There's a rain too fucking much. Not a time when some real fucking talk. Maybe you're the only black person applying for a fucking job. Maybe you're the only female. Maybe you're the only fucking gay person. Job, whatever the fuck it may be. Maybe that suits in your fucking head. Maybe that's your excuse for not being better. Life's a real big fucking picture.  When I was young, all those things got my head black, fucking nice water enough, single mom, all that bullshit, old face in my head. If you're allowing people and things and situations to unspacing your fucking head, you're losing. Last thing, last one big fucking head game. You play with yourself. If you lose, it's because you allow life to get in your fucking head. Stay hard. I wake up every day and I think, how do I make my life better? Nobody else wakes up each day and goes, how do I make Andrew take life better? So if you're not the person who's waking up every day going, how do I improve my existence? Then nobody is. Nobody on the planet is considering improving your one spin on Earth. No one else cares. Nobody else cares. So if you don't care, then you're fucked. So you need to wake up and care. And it's amazing to me. Like you're saying, how did I find my mentors? I just tried a bunch of them. Like when I had no money, I would try very hard to listen to lots of different people. Or I tried different things and I'll  I wasn't scared to invest in myself because I understand that look there He's taking time out of his life Then I need to reward him for it financially and I tried very hard and I listened and I paid attention and I was never lazy I don't believe there's a person on the planet who pays attention Tries their best is never lazy is on time works hard has a mentor and is giving it is all who isn't rich I don't believe it I think that if you do all those things you're rich and if you don't have any money You're missing one of those key elements now you can fool yourself and you can fool everyone else You can pretend you're doing them, but if you're truly honest with yourself Am I finding people who are trying to teach me what I want to know and am I trying my best and the answer is fucking no every time People don't know how to get permanent lasting results It's just not easy Some folks go from heavy To lose away back to heavy again Some folks go from lazy Just does back to lazy the list goes on and on and on  A lot of folks take the four-lane highway to get their results. The four-lane highway is just that. It's an easy route. On that highway, they have road signs. Five miles up, hotel. Get miles up, restaurant. Restrooms, all that shit. It's an easy road map to success. Nothing there's permanent. But the other choice that makes permanent is the shuffle. That fucking shuffle. These were calluses on your brain, on your hands. They're permanent. Pick up the shuffle. Stay hard. A lot of you are trying to find inspiration and motivation with a depressed mindset. You're depressed because you're not doing shit with yourself. You don't find inspiration by not living in a grip of life. You need to live in the grip of life to find inspiration. Put challenges in front of yourself. When you're pretty challenging for yourself and you attack it, you're taking it runaway!  You're going to be 10% better than you were last week. So if you were in a 30 miles a week, you're going to 33. If you're swimming 500 meters, swim 550. And some of you aren't doing shit. You're 10% just getting off the fucking couch. The more you walk away from accountability, the weaker you become. Find yourself in the grip of life. You can't find yourself by doing nothing. I look at them and go, yes, I think a lot of a lot of the problem with people, especially in the world today is they misunderstand the difference between a dream and a plan. And nothing good in your life is ever going to happen by accident. If you see a guy in fantastic shape, you don't say how'd you get in great shape and he goes, it's happened. I just fell and no, he ate a specific way. He trained a specific time. He did specific things for a specific outcome. And it's the same with finances. And most people who are broke, if you say, do you want to be rich? You don't want to be rich.  I'm not gonna get rich. One day. Oh, we're in the lottery. Yeah, dumb shit. You have no plan. You have no plan whatsoever. No actionable steps. No, you're not doing things daily. You're just hoping. Some point in the future, God's gonna just dump it on your doorstep. Guess what? It ain't gonna fucking happen. And unless you have a plan, a specific plan, I'm sure you guys had a very, you had a plan and you worked hard to get to your points. I had a plan. Everything was like, okay, today we have to do, day after day after day, until you get there. And this is what most people don't have because they're too arrogant or too lazy. I don't think it's stupid. I think most people, if you laid out a plan and they tried their very best and they were willing to learn, could do it. I don't think people are too stupid to make money. They're just too lazy or too arrogant to make money. That's the problem with people. What the hell are we all waiting for? It's gonna attack your life. Waiting for the fucking stars to align. Back when I was growing up, the song came out. All of these are miracles. Well guess what? That miracle ain't coming. Murder  perfect time to start. You gotta start now with changing your life. We're all being tested in life. And guess what? This is one test you can't cheat on. We all have our own test. Zumbas will peace. Zumbas depressed. Zumbas is cured. In the military, there's big old rucksack on the back. Hepatitis, water, extra gear. You extra gear is a shit you're dealing with in life. And the only way to overcome it is for you and you alone to face it. You gotta do your best work. For you're at least motivated. So those days you don't want to do it. Guess what you got to do? You got to second the fuck up and do it. Stay hard. A lot of people are obsessed with the idea of happiness. And especially as a man, I think that happiness can actually be a very destructive motovayer. And when men sit and say I want to be happy, I want to feel happy. To feel happy a lot of the time you're looking for temporary hedonism. To be happy you want to get drunk or take drunk.  or do something stupid temporarily and it's very short lived. I think you should instead be looking as a man to say I want to feel proud. If you choose pride over happiness, you're going to make decisions that you're proud of and that people around you are proud of and it's going to be better for yourself and better for society and better for everyone who loves you, everyone you care about. If you're the kind of person who searches for happiness with a male or female, in my experience, people who search for happiness end up doing hedonistic, temporary, stupid things. When I find men who search to feel proud of themselves, I want people to be proud of me and I want to be proud of myself and I want to be respected. They often delay happiness, they often go through very difficult things and build things which are beautiful or build things which are difficult to do. They often go to the other side of fear to feel that pride. I did it. I faced my fear. I did it. Yeah. So I think as a man searching for pride or searching to feel proud is a pretty positive mindset for masculine achievement. The reason I'm the luckiest man on earth is because God has given me endless building blocks to build a superhero.  He's giving me endless power. He's giving me endless motivation. What do we say? He's giving me endless. I have endless sources of power. I can sit here right now and recall events that will prevent me from sleeping for two to three days. That gives me a superpower that other men do not have. They want to go to sleep. They're tired. I can stop being tired for days at a time. I can just have a thought. I can remember, I can sit, close my eyes, and use the power of my brain to vividly remember events, and I will not sleep for days. And when people come to me and say, oh, this happened, I'm really sad, or my heart broke, or this bad thing happened to me. I say, good, good. Thank the Lord that He's given you this endless source of motivation. You're wasting it. That's your problem. But it's been given to you. Nitrous oxide has been given to you. You just have to use it in the correct way. So I'm the luckiest man in the world because all the bad things that happened to me have given me all the building blocks to become the most fantastic man in the face of the planet. Life is meaningful. You have the advantage of everybody. Stand up straight with your shoulders back. My God. It's a vulnerable position, right? Because you're open. No, man.  You're gonna go, it's what made you who you are now. It's dangerous. So but your best bet is to be dancing on your feet and ready for it. Pay attention and be awake. You don't see that if you look off to the fucking left of the muck, there's a sidewalk brother. Get off, get off of it. It's more like you should understand how much potential there is within you to set that straight. You got married three times. And that's better than self esteem. For a total of six months. So I'm telling telling young people, look, there's no matter how bad your situation is, I'm not gonna pretend it's okay. It's not okay. You can't live with hate. You cannot move forward. But there's more to you than you think. I always fix the things on the surface. And that's the principle upon which you should predicate your behavior. What is making you a quitter? What is making you a weak man? What is making you afraid? This isn't just guesswork. Let's see if we can have a conversation that will make things better.  We can't quit. We gotta figure out why you are this pussy. Why are you this pussy, man? Okay, so we know that other thing we know is that well, let's say there's a bunch of things that you're afraid of that are in your way Where's wrong with you? What's going on here? If you speak the truth and you expose yourself Courageously to those things that you're afraid of that your life will improve and so will the life of people around you And I just beat it harder and I beat it harder before I knew I started realizing Hmm All right, man. It's a dragon. It might eat you. It's dangerous. The brain is starting to get hard The brain is starting to get hard But it's worse to cower at home and wait for it to come and devour you go out there confront it get the gold I'm no longer a theorist. I'm now a practitioner Share it with the community. You must put it in the fucking freezer and freeze the fuck out of it Yeah, it's the oldest story of mankind open the door and he said nah five more seconds man  what makes you think that you're someone we should listen to. I want you to go there with me. I'm taking you there with me. Well, it's painful. I'm a storyteller. I want to take your ass down paradigm. How much of what you're doing isn't productive. So I'll give you an example. So I've done this a couple of times with classrooms for a student. I want you to go there with me. You want to learn from me? Let me take your ass home. How much time do you waste? Let me take you there. Six hours a day. Means, if you keep pushing this, something that you do not like will happen to you. People go, man, why don't you ever smile? There's no fucking in, my friend. You don't have any strength of character. You can't do that if you're, if you can be pushed around. You'll just get argued in to 45 minutes a day. Let's call that five hours, 20 hours a week, 240 hours in a year, six. You're spending a month and a half of work weeks fighting with. Very barbarian. Is this how?  we all think is how man once walked the earth. Thank you, always. 12 rules for life. An antidote to chaos. Jordan Peterson, it's been an honor. It's your fault. It's been an honor. I appreciate it, sir. Thank you. You bet. I don't ever sit and concern myself with him. Am I spending too much that if I thought I was spending too much, I would simply find a way to make more money. And a lot of people talk about efficiency as well. I've had people talk about working smart, not hard. That is true. But I believe that you need to fill your day with all of the hard work first. I think that working smart is a matter of being more efficient with all the time you spend working. If you sit there and go, I want to work smart, not hard, so I work an hour a day. Well, then you're still lazy. You should work smart and hard and do 15 smart hours a day. That's how you win. I was talking to a young guy the other day, and he was 22, I think, and he caught a crypto pump. He made like $4 million in the last bull run. And now all the coins have gone down whatever.  he's sold some, he has like one half million. He's like, oh yeah, so I'm waiting for the next pump. I was like, bro, the problem with you is you're now been ruined for life because you're 22, you made easy money and you think that you don't have to ever do any serious work. You also have no skill. Problem is with a crypto pump, it doesn't teach you anything. You didn't learn sales, marketing, staff management, stress tolerance. You need that. See, nothing. You did not do anything. So you're just sitting there, just gambling on shit coins, waiting for the next one to pump and he's 22 and his ass is never gonna want to get a real job and he doesn't have any skills. So I think he's in a lot of trouble, truthfully. And I made that make this clear to him. So it can be a detrimental thing, it can be a bad thing. But in terms of making money, it's certainly easier than it's ever been because we live in a global marketplace now. You reach the world and all you have to do is have a message worth making people. And it's truly is the abundance mindset, it's true. I remember when I was broke, when I was broke, I thought everyone was broke. You do? Because I was broke, 100%. And then you get rich and you start thinking shit. Everyone has money. Every super car I want is sold out. Every diamond watch I want is...  sold out the private jet charters are full, the yachts are full. As soon as you get rich, you start to hold these people to call money. I was just in Dubai and my houses are being built. They're going to be completed this year. I bought a bunch of them off plan so I decided to rent and I rented a house and on the palm it's $25,000 a day and I rented it and I'm sitting there and the landlord comes and goes, I've just got an offer for $35,000 a day you need to leave and I go, okay, well I'll pay $40,000 a day and then he came back and goes, the guy's offered $50,000 a day for a year and I'm like, who am I even in a bidding war with you? And I just left. I was like, you know what? Take it. Another one. But like there's people out there with money that you couldn't fucking fad there is so much money in the world. So you do get to a level of wealth. Another time it hit me. I was at Monaco, I was sitting around dinner and Monaco after it was on a car rally fun and there's like 10 of us and I just looked around the table by coincidence and I saw everyone's wearing a nice watch and I thought when I was broke the idea if someone told me they had 30 or 40 grand  bank. I thought they were doing good. Now I'm saying at table everyone's wearing a hundred thousand dollar watch. Nobody gives a fuck. It's just like the there's levels to the game. And when you get up to the top you realize there's money everywhere. The bun is mindset. There are so many rich people. So if you're not where you want to be financially, I hope this pisses you off. Because I'm telling you to annoy you that you're sitting there struggling to pay your bills. There are people out there making so much money you couldn't possibly father move out anything they want all of the time. And you may sit there and go, but they're miserable. A lot of them aren't trust me. They're having a great time. So you need to make a bunch more money because there's money everywhere. Think of the harshest lesson. You didn't have to say what it is, but think of the harshest lesson you've had in the last few years. I think of how many times you had the easy way to learn that lesson. You could have just stopped being a dickhead before it got bad. You got many times you could have just woke up and go, nah, but we don't do it. We wait. I'm like, ah, we're going away with it. It's fine. And then bam, you get hit. There's only two ways to learn lessons. Hard and harder. If you're smart, you take it the hard way. Real idiots take it the hardest way. But there's no easy way to learn lessons.  But why don't we stop the work and take a step back? I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. No. And that's my competitive advantage. I don't want to do that. The enjoyment for you is the work, not the- Completely. Other people are like, oh, I'm here now, so I can now go on holiday. I can now, I don't want to stop working. I don't want a holiday. I don't want to relax. Is this relaxing? I'm gonna try and relax for the first time in my life. We'll do this here on Live in the Podcast. Ready? Ready? I'm not. Am I supposed to want to do that? What? What was that? What was that? Is that it? Is that the dream? Do nothing. Is that the goal? Like, if I'm not on my phone, my brain is preoccupied and anxious about what's happening on my phone, so it's better to just be on it. Like, I don't want to relax. I don't want to stop. Ain't no rest for the weekend. No, I don't want to stop. That's why nobody will ever beat me  other people they want to take time out of their life. They're working to relax. They're working to relax. I am at the point now where I would, I look at a beautiful woman and go, I can go on a date with her and she's absolutely gorgeous and perhaps will fall in love and it'll be great, but you know what, I'd rather work. I don't want to be off my phone. Yeah. I don't want to date girls. I don't want, I just want to conquer the earth. I don't care about anything else. I know I've only reached 10% of what I can actually do. Let's go. And that bothers me. And how much money I'm making or how most Googled man alive, whatever, whatever, I can still identify the inefficiencies in my systems. I can still identify where more money could have been made. And money isn't that important, but like we said, money is a very simple way to measure success because it's numbers. Numbers are easy. This number, that number. It's easy. What does a company do when it wants to measure the success of a company? It looks at the numbers. What does a YouTube channel do? It looks at the numbers. Numbers are easy. So if you're going to say, how do I be successful in life? Money is not everything, but it's a nice easy way to measure because it's numbers. And then when you understand this, the time and energy of other people.  You sit and go, okay, well I have this large empire now and I've all these people who work for me and all these people I love and all these people I care about and all these children and all this going on and the world is getting more and more Messed up and everything's on a decline and everything's being destroyed and certain number of people are gonna become Useful seaters are gonna be eradicated and they're gonna try and lock us all in our 15-minute cities for the climate or some garbage That's coming in no time. How do I combat and fight all of this and protect all the people I care about? Well, I need the time and energy of others. I need an army so I need money So you start waking up saying okay One billion this shit Tristan and he's like Andrew we're from a single mother household And our company got value at 1.2 billion dollars and you own 100% of it No, we need at least 10 and then you start getting that I get mad and my stress comes to the fact I don't have enough I said bro, you see that and he goes yeah, what about it? I said doesn't that piss you off I'm just about 16 he goes why this dude has 400 Gs for a car 400 grand I'm walking four miles to college from my mom hasn't got any car. He is 400 grand. Do you think he works a  Do you think he's fucking behind account or somewhere? He knows something about the world that I don't know. Yeah. And they were like, well, he's rich. I'm like, yeah, I know, I didn't say he wasn't rich dummy. I'm saying he knows something about the world I don't know. And I was intrigued and it angered me. I couldn't sleep for weeks. I was pissed off. Every time I saw somebody with genuine money, I understood that everything I was being told and taught and they were trying to make me believe just simply wasn't true. I was like, this is bullshit. None of these people are getting these things by following the path the system is trying to make me follow. Nobody, and everybody intrinsically knows this. If you go to a, if you're a BP, you're a petrication and I pull up in my Lamborghini, nobody goes, wow, he went to school. He studied hard. Do they fuck the Electrug dealer gangster? And they do that because they know that the easiest way to get a mass wealth is to break the rules because the rules are not designed to allow most people, most people to make money. You can make money within the rules, of course you can. But most people don't. Most people who follow the path work consume die.  That's it. Yeah. So I always knew the same thing as you and I knew there had to be another way. I knew that just working for money was a paradigm that that wasn't true and then you understand making your money work for you and you understand delinking your time for money and start learning to understand these things but eventually you build a system and you build an ecosystem like me. I have six to your 70 people work for me all around the world and things just happen and money just kind of appears as long as everything's well. And life really doesn't have to be that complicated. When you see somebody that has something you want, you just gotta try and work out how they got it. Yeah. And that's the missing part. Most people see people with things they want and they don't do the second half. They don't try and work out how they got that thing. Oh my man, that's a Ferrari. Okay. I wish I had a Ferrari. Okay. They don't sit there and go for an hour. How did you get Ferrari? It doesn't cross that part. It's the part they don't want to do, right? They just go, he is a Ferrari. Wish I had a Ferrari and they go back to TV. Yeah. And that's why they lose. If you don't want to buy a jet and you don't want to buy a yacht, you'll never need more than $20 million. Really? Because it's...  Nothing to buy. I can rent the earth in the jet. You can chart your yachts, you can chart jets, which is probably smart anyway. I had a jet, I owned one for a few months and I sold it. And the reason I'll never buy a jet again. They can track. They have all these s**t into it or a track. That's a big hit. I'm not having it track. But I know the other image guy, he just sold it out. Because I don't want everyone knowing where I am at the time. You can buy a nice house, the most places on the planet, you can buy two or three cars, you can buy some diamond watches, you can buy some nice clothes. And that's all there is to buy. What's that kind of amazing to me is when I was poor, I thought, if I got rich, I'd buy all this stuff. And now I'm rich and I can buy anything I want. And there's nothing to buy. There's nothing to buy. Clothes, I already have too many. My wardrobe's completely full head to toe, don't wear most of them. Diamond watches, you get 10. How many do you really need? Cars, I have 28. I've drive like four of them. Like, what's there to buy? Coffee, dinner. Yeah, true. There's nothing to buy. So the money is just about influence and power. That's all it's about. All I know, what I will state as a matter of fact, is this world is hyper competitive. Especially as a man.  Most men are walking through life and they don't realize that it's constant competition. And this is my point. If the world is truly that competitive, you do not have time to be depressed because it's a non-competitive mind state. You could be depressed for X, Y, Z, whatever. I'm not depressed. And I want the money you want, and I want the girl you want, and I want the status you want, and the car you want, and the house you want. And I'm gonna get it and you're fucking numb. You're playing a game, and it's a competitive game, and you need to build a mindset that allows you to be ultra competitive. And if you wanna sit there and say, no, I want a non-competitive mind set, then fine. You know what you call people who do not win competitions. Loose us, correct. Yeah, I think I had the best possible upbringing a person can have, which is good parents and no money. I didn't get famous or rich young, which I also thanked the Lord for. I think a lot of these people who get famous online quite early, I think they miss out a lot of life. It's not real life. It's not real life. It's not real life. No, I had real jobs and I did real things, and I was really broke and I was really on the bus and really trying to pay rent, and doing real stuff for a long time. I always say, I'm not rich. I'm a poor man with a lot of money.  I always used to say that and I don't want to brag or anything but just because I get asked this question a lot I've been extremely successful. I have hundreds of millions of dollars In fact, I think our last evaluation across everything we own was almost that being now So I've been very very yeah, I'm a billionaire talk to you's a billionaire. So we're doing extremely well That's the first thing the second thing It's actually it's great that you say that because I completely agree because if you're born with everything if you're born with all this money There you have no aspiration nothing actually to craft grasp on to and trying to achieve then money doesn't make you happy But then you can analyze this from another angle, right? We were just talking earlier We can always pivot back to who the matrix are who's in charge? So let me ask you have somebody let me ask you a question Okay, if you're born into a dynasty let's say a banking dynasty and you're born a billionaire And you have everything you've ever wanted ever and money has absolutely no value at all And a brand new Ferrari doesn't mean a thing you could buy one every 10 minutes for the rest of your life  And money doesn't make you happy. What's the one thing that's gonna make you happy? Controlling others. Controlling others. Power. Yeah. So then you sit there and start looking at things. Because games become real. Absolutely. So now you're like, okay, well, money doesn't satisfy me. What makes me feel important? Especially if you're gonna add in. Let's add in another angle to it. Let's imagine you falsely believe, because it is falsely, that you're somehow genetically better than others. You're from this lineage. You're better than the other people. And the other people, the serfs and peasants, are struggling for money, and you have unlimited money. Because you're so smart, and your family's always been so smart. You'll have hot eyes. Yeah. So then you're gonna sit there and go, well, why did they make people put on a mask when they walked into restaurant and take the mask off to eat, and then put it all into the toilet, and then take it off to eat, and then put it back on. Because I have a, I have a tattoo. I'll tell you why, because it's funny. To these people. Because it's funny. Because it's an ego. Because it's an ego. I thought it was a test to see how far they could push. Compliance tests. Yeah. Which is the same thing. So when you really understand the people who were in charge of the world are completely, like you said, they see you are something from the side, automatically the others put on my mask or my, what they call the peopleoweko�!</ cake beat 🎶 And you know what I say now you just make the most **** on a Instagram You can see it. Whoa.오 sneakers.  They're broken. They're a broken people. Money can't satisfy them. People said, I keep referencing COVID and I do that because it was something tangible that everybody lived through. That's a very easy one to reference. This is actually, it's a bad thing that could work in your favor because now they could relate to you. Yeah. If you're in a gas station and it's three in the morning and an Alambo pulls up and a guy gets out of it, you're thinking criminal, drug dealer, gangster. You're not thinking, ah, he has a uni degree because you're not going to think that. So when you see money, people don't even associate the money they see with university. But then they go, I want to make money so in a university, it doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense at all. So I think everybody knows that the system and the path they lay out for you is not a path that's going to lead to where you want to be. And I didn't know what the other path was, but that intrinsic distrust for the system and that distrust for the things they wanted me to do made me search for other avenues. And then I found them, right? And if you speak to the people who are richest, if you speak to the people you know, this is for everyone at home as well. If you speak to the people you know have the most money.  and go up to him and say, hey, what made you rich? None of them say school. Do any of them say school made me rich? I got an A in GCC, like who gives it, it's bullshit, right? So it's all a doctoration. So I knew it was a doctoration and for that reason, I was always searching. And if you're searching, you're gonna find it. So. The average people come to me and say, what do I do? I'm just the average guy. My only answer is stopping the average guy. It's my only answer. You can't just be the average guy anymore. The idea from the 1950s that you can just be the normal average law-biting, hard-working citizen and you'll have a good life is gone. Any man out here who goes, I'm just gonna work hard, do my bit and obey the laws and I'll have a good life. No, you won't. No, you will not. Just doing your job is never gonna make you rich because you're just gonna be taxed into infinity and you're gonna stay broke. So just obeying laws and doing your job now has set you up to be a peon, a slave for attorney. You have to get yourself into position where, you're making enough money that most of the laws can be broken but there certainly can be bent.  I mean, I think you know this with a countancy and the way the tax laws work. You get to a certain level where it's like, okay, we can just put that one to the side. We can twist that one around. All of the social media says, bright the rules, but don't bright the little. Completely, yeah, and that's basically it, right? So you get to a certain level and that's where it's really interesting because the average peon, their answer to all this is, we need to tax the rich because they don't understand how money works. They don't understand how their world works and they think that rich people are out here working some kind of job that you can tax. I've spoken to dudes and like, yeah, you know, I had a bad couple months. Why? I'm a girl left me. You've wasted months? You've wasted months over some f***. Like you had the, think of how much God loves you to have given you the grace and given you the opportunity to waste months of human time over some chick. Like talk about blessed head to toe. If I waste months, empires are going to collapse. I'm going to end up in a cell or dead if I waste months. I have things to do every single day. I can't waste a second. Like these people are just absolutely...  infinitely blessed and their mindset is a product of that because they're spoiled children. Absolutely spoiled children. If you're going through life with any other mindset beside a hyper competitive one where you're capable of competing with some of the most dangerous men on the planet and all their forms, me and my network and also my competitors. If you don't have that mindset then you have to understand that you are spoiled. You're spoiled by your reality. I believe there's only three reasons people are not rich. One of three reasons. They're either stupid, arrogant or lazy. Stupid is actually the smallest category. People think, oh, you know, there's a lot of stupid people. There are. But I know a lot of stupid people have a lot of money, right? There's so much money in the world to be too stupid to generate money. I think is less than 5% of the population who are genuinely too dumb to ever make a good wage. Then you have arrogant and lazy and these are the two most common. Lazy because people just, oh, you know, but I need time to myself. Oh, you know, but it's the evening or you know, it's hyper competitive. There are people who do not need time to themselves.  There are people, there's an Indian in Islam, there's a guy in Islamabad who'll do your job online for $3 an hour, he doesn't sleep. You're gonna lose, right? So if you're gonna be lazy in any regard, you have to understand there are people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day. When I finish this, I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work, I'm gonna wait for my next appointment and then I'm gonna work all night till the day I go. When I go to sleep, I close my laptop and I'm asleep a minute later. I work, that's all I do. So lazy is a big problem because people go, oh, but I just wanna relax. If you just wanna relax, that's fine. But you're competing against people who just don't wanna relax and you're gonna lose. And the last, and I'd say that's around, a lot of people have that element to them. A lot of people are lazy, that's about 50% of people. But the main reason people are not rich is because they are arrogant. 50% of people are brutally arrogant. And I'll give you an example. I have a school where I teach people to make money online. It's called the real world. What's called Hustles University? It's now called the real world. The real world.ai, you can see it at curbartake.com. I sit here as a billionaire and I sit and say, I will teach you how to make money online, anybody, 18 Modern World Creation Methods, is $49 a month and out.  And people will sit there in their brutal arrogance and as a brokey with no money and go, Yeah, but can he really teach me? I have everything you've ever fucking dreamed of I have all the money you have nothing and you're so arrogant that you believe you know more than me or that you can do it without me or that I don't know how to teach you the arrogance of people is truly mind-bending if you know so much why you broke? You obviously don't know if I want to learn how to box I wouldn't walk into a boxing gym find a guy who can box and go yeah, you know not bad But can he really punch like this is how people think when it comes to money? You guys are all successful enough you can sit there say look I do XYZ. I have XYZ. You don't have it So do you want to learn how to play piano from the piano teacher or do you want to sit there as an arrogant brokey? Most people are brutally arrogant and you can sit there and you can try and help them and they're just so arrogant They think oh, I could do it myself or I'll work it out myself I don't need help and it's arrogance and they keep them at the bottom everything great This happened to me in my life someone taught me I had a kickboxing coach  My dad was my chess coach, you get tall things. To sit there and think they're too airy, you're too good to learn. Well, this is the problem most people are broke. Most of them are broke because they're arrogant, bro. It's the truth. There's nothing to do with how stupid they are. They're just arrogant people. You know what's a fantastic motivator for men? Shame. I'm telling you now, it works. Shame. If I'm around my house and someone was getting fat and all of us would go, you're a fat fuck. What do you mean that for? A guarantee they'd train. Shame works with men. And you talk about this, and this is the reason I promote brotherhood. The reason I am the man I am is not just because I'm so fantastic. It's because I even now to this day live with six men. I live with my fight coach. I live with my brother. I live with some of my old friends who have for 20 years. We live in this big ass compound, this huge house. If I wake up and my brother's been training an hour and a half, I feel so annoyed and angry and guilty that I have to go and beat him now. So that competitiveness keeps us constantly at edge. People say, me and Tristan are best friends and our brotherhood is fantastic, but it is based on competitiveness, but we don't compete against each other. We compete.  to prove to each other we're a good teammate in the battle against the matrix. How do you get there? Because I've seen a lot of men get torn up by that. Yeah. So how do you get to a healthy way where we're competitive but it's not going to destroy our relationship? Well you have to understand that there's enough outside enemies. You have to put your ego aside and say look there's enough people who already want me dead. We're the same blood. Can't we at least unite against all the people who want me dead? I want you. I'm in competition with you Tristan. I want you. I want to beat you to prove to you I'm a fantastic teammate to you. As opposed to I want to beat you because I don't like you. And it's a different mentality and we'll sit there and my brother and I are in constant endless competition but it keeps us sharp. So masking competition is super important which is why it's the third thing I teach which is brotherhood. You are the sum of the five people you spend the most time with. If you find some guys who have their game right, your game's going to get straight. It's as simple as that and I think if you take any man on the planet in any situation in any scenario and you tell them to become as strong as possible because of all the lessons you're going to learn. Become as rich as possible because of  the lesson is gonna learn. Plus obviously being strong and rich are benefits. Plus find a network of brotherhood of men who are accountable to themselves and by extension accountable to you. If you're accountable to yourself as a man, you're also accountable for your friends. I don't want lose of friends. I don't want dickhead friends. If I had a guy I really liked who start being a dickhead, I'd try very hard to fix him. And if I couldn't fix him, I wouldn't be his friend anymore. I'd say stop that. We don't do that. Why are you doing that? What are you crying about again? Why are you acting that way? Come on, let's go train. I don't wanna train. But we always train. Come on, let's go. And then after a while, I'd be like, he doesn't train anymore. Get him out. Bye. Go get eaten by wolves. That's the unfortunate reality of the world. Cause I'm the sum of the five people I spend the most time with. I don't wanna wake up one day feeling terrible and go, but he's missing the day and I might miss the day. He's poison will get in my brain. I have to resist it. So if you get a brotherhood, masculine brotherhood and you're accountable for yourself and for them, you're gonna be able to do nearly anything. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with...  of disbelief. Ah, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard. I work smart. Ballocks more more cover for just anything it takes to say, I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works more on the huddle? I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something until all the hard work's done. Yeah, I can be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmo's going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift. Yeah, you understand you have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's going to sit there and go, I work smart. I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I am absolutely an early believer.  and hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life is work. This podcast is work. I'm getting the car and went to another meeting work. I'm gonna fuck a bitch. That's work. She's gonna be on my arm at the fucking can on the film festival. That's more credibility. I consider it work to fuck her. That's work. I'm gonna go to the gym so I'm in good shape. Work. It's all work. My entire life is work. And people don't want to look at life that way. They want to talk about work, life, balance, and being lazy and all this crap. I don't believe in any of that. I believe in if you want to win, you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work. It's player versus player. If you're gonna sit there and go, I don't want to work more than an hour a day, well, the guy who does want to work more an hour a day is gonna beat you. And no matter how smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And we talked earlier about speed. Most people go that, you know, it's only two weeks. It's only a week. It's only a week. The people who say it's only a week on the people who are broke. They don't know how to say it. That's the reason you're all poor because you say it's only a week. It's almost tomorrow. Oh, I'll do it It's only an hour. It's only a day. It's only a minute you're competing against people like me. You do not waste a second.  Being a normal man or an average show is always going to suck. The only way to have a good life as a man is to be exceptional in some fields. Here is how you do it. You need to work your ass off. They delete. They want men to stay depressed. Semi-depressed, miserable, paying the taxes. Just rich enough to pay tax to broke to do anything else. That's what I want. That's what I want you. So then I'm care about men's mental health either. They don't care how many men kill themselves. That's why I talk about the matrix. People say, why do you talk about the matrix all the time? I say there are people who are living right now in a computer controlled, the computer generated reality. If you believe everything you're watching on the news, you are believing a complete false version of reality. The idea of that reality is to keep your brain occupied enough so that you continue to do a shit job for shit wages, pay your taxes until you die. That's exactly the plot of the matrix movie. You're using your body and controlling your mind so that your body will sit there and do what they need to do until you're no longer useful anymore. That's exactly what's happening. Another question I get is people ask me why I'm so interested in this fight against a matrix. And I try and explain to people that I believe.  this fight cannot be avoided. I think you're either combating the matrix and fighting against a garbage they're telling you or you're believing it. And if you believe it, then you end up fighting against yourself. You end up fighting against your own mind. You can't avoid the battle. If you're a full grown man and you believe everything that's on the news, you're gonna end up fucking semi-depressed, divorced, miserable, broke. Like your life shit anyway, there's no way to escape this fight. You're either buying their crap and fighting against your mind or you're fighting against their crap. There's no other way to do it. I've never met somebody with a fantastic life who did not completely and utterly believe in themselves. I've never seen somebody massively succeed and they didn't believe in themselves ever. I've never seen somebody who just allows life to happen to them and become blown off course by some sadness, end up doing massively monumental and important things. I've never seen it. And if she leaves me afterwards, let's say she just likes to leave men, I don't care. I'm still working. You're still crying. You can't possibly ever beat me. I will continue to beat you into attorney as well my bloodline. You will sit and pay the price for the rest of the...  of your human years, even your ancestors, above you are disappointed in you and your offspring for the rest of your lineage, will look up and say, my great, great, great grandfather was a loser, because I'm broke as hard, and now we've been broke ever since. Chess and fighting are remarkably similar. Very, you have to know what your next move is gonna be countering his next move. And there's no luck. If you lose, you made a mistake. There's no such thing as a lucky punch. If I'm losing a fight, or if I'm beating some guy up, and he hits me with one shot and knocks me out, and people go out to a lucky punch, he's trained his whole life to punch people in the face, and he punched me in the face. You call that lucky? I call that good. I think it was a very good punch. Excellent, probably his best punch of his career. No such thing as lucky punches. Same thing with Chess, and also you lose. And also you left your guard down. Absolutely. It's my fault. Same thing with Chess, brutal self accountability. If you lose, you made a mistake somewhere. How do you learn that? You have to go back, reflect. You have to watch the game back, play the game back. Where did I make the mistake? You don't blame your opponent, you blame yourself always in Chess. This self accountability. So when I stopped playing professional chess, I decided to move over to fight, and it's very similar. It's not a team.  board. So that's why I chose to fight but I never considered fighting fun. I never took it as ha ha ha this is fun. I was out to hurt people for real. Firstly I'm gonna tell you something about myself and most rich people. We don't own anything. I don't own anything. I don't own anything. There may be a trust fund and Ecuador that owns a company in Singapore that might own a yacht that I can borrow. For example, I don't own shit. So that's the first thing. The second thing you have all these different jurisdictions around the world is extremely complicated. How are you going to tax a rich guy? Yes, houses here, houses there, company here, company there, all the companies making a loss to Starbucks pay tax? No, that Starbucks supposedly doesn't make money. Supposedly Uber has never made profit. An app on the phone with millions of cars around the world and people working endless hours for them and then getting a cup of it to run an app. Supposedly they never made profit, never paid a penny tax. Funny how that works. You can't tax the rich. It's too complicated. You can't tax the rich. It doesn't work. All you're going to do is...  is just drive them into other countries. And Vigilin' Right Day, now today, we're to announce a huge tax on the rich. The rich people just go, oh cool, cool, I'll base my company out of Belize. Two pieces of paper. Fuck you. We don't really learn lessons unless they're learning the hard way. I believe that unless a lesson has taught the hard way, you're not gonna learn it. You can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson. Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, nearly crashes his car, doesn't slow his ass down until he wrecks it. Like this is how people are, right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind. And it's the same with everything. It's the same with driving a car or business. Truthfully, if you wanna learn a lesson about business, you're gonna have to suffer at some point, right? So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies, XYZ, blah, blah, blah, I get that. The truth is, there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just spunk it, act an idiot, and it all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that...  When you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. You know, and don't be dumb with it. So you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things, you need to have to a degree some trauma to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right, the book, that's not gonna teach you anything about business. You need to get out there on the streets, you need to make mistakes, you need to suffer, you need to have the tax man knocking at your door, you gotta deal with all that stuff, so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. That's kinda how it works.