 All of the ideologies that you're being pushed by the Matrix are designed to destroy something. Andrei Teit goes on a massive attack to the crypto community. Yeah, I'm a big point maximalist. That's you? That's your personality? That's everything you are? He shares a story he's never told in a secret he's never shed. I know what you're going to see. In him of a Mexican standoff at the back of the car. They set me up when I put my bag in the trunk at the beginning. He explains to you step by step how you can get rich and he exposes feminism and defend himself against misogyny. Feminism is probably the most misogynistic movement on earth because what it does is it makes women into competitors with men in realms where they can't compete with men. Before I tell you the wild discussions we had, I'm giving away £30,000 worth of exclusive prizes just for listening to both parts of this and rotate launch. All you have to do is find the secret question hidden in these two episodes. What defines sexual consent?  Bro, you said you can bring it. You told me to bring it. Well, it's forever changing, isn't it? I think if you're watching this, I think everyone at home knows what rape is. I think everyone at home knows what an actual rape is, and how heinous and disgusting that is. And I'm the first person as a masculine man to say that rape should face it definitely. I'll say it myself. A woman regretting consensual sex years later is not rape. I think that's cheapening the idea of rape. I think it's insulting to the women who have genuinely been raped. I think to sit and say that rape can now include a woman having a one-night stand, demanding handbags, knocking handbags, being upset that she can't get handbags, still not calling the police. Seeing that man by another woman a handbag a year and a half later, and then deciding it was rape, I think that is extremely insulting to the unfortunate women who have suffered genuine sex right. I think it's disgusting. I also think that most women and most men know us.  sexual consent is. I have daughters, I have a lot of daughters and sons, but I want to make something clear because one of the things that's used against me most often is people say, I said women bear some responsibility for getting raped, which is not what I said. What I said is that we're adults and we must all bear responsibility for the situations we find ourselves in. If a woman is wanting her dog in the park and is raped, that's disgusting and that's not her fault. What I was talking about was a particular scenario in which a woman will go out with a man, get drunk with a man, spend all night with a man, go to the man's house, continue to drink, have sex with the man. Then years later to side day it was rape. My argument would be if you don't want to have sex with a man, do not get drunk with him and do not go late in his bed. I have daughters and I would say do not get drunk with men and lay in their bed if you don't want to have sex with them ever. Don't do that because you're going to give the man the impression. I'm not saying the man can rape her. I'm not saying that. I'm saying that.  putting yourself in a position where rape is more likely to happen. If I decide to walk through the worst area of town with a million dollars in cash, yeah, nobody should rob me. You're right, it's a crime to rob me. But am I making myself a robbery target? Am I making myself easy to rob? It would be irresponsible for me to do such a thing. So I think that the best way to protect women in these scenarios is not to do what the feminists are doing, which is to come along and try and create this ideal world. Well, men should know not to rape. We do. We know not to rape. We also know not to kill. And women should know not to lie. But guess what? People are imperfect and people do bad things. So what you have to do is take personal responsibility and protect yourself against the possibility of these things. I think that the reason sexual consent has now become such a hot topic is, yes, there's bad actors doing bad things, of course, men and women. But truthfully, I think a lot of the...  is happening because we've removed some of the basic societal norms. A woman wouldn't get drunk with a man and go to a man's house and lay in the man's bed and kiss the man and take all her clothes off and then not want to sleep with a man four years ago. So the consent line wasn't as blurred because it was you're not my husband or you're not my boyfriend. I don't want to go anywhere near you. It was pretty clear line. So then the line had to be jumped over by a predator. But now the line's all messy because of the immorality of people, male and female. So now it's very difficult where do you draw the line? What if she gives consent but she was drunk? That doesn't count. How is the man supposed to know? Is he supposed to get out a blood alcohol measure and make her be be sorry your yes doesn't count. The whole line's messed up because morality is destroyed. If you destroy morality then now there can't be a line. So I can't answer the question nobody can. And the law is coming along trying to find the line in all these individual cases.  in these huge court cases, trying to find the line where there's no morality at all. I would argue, and I know this is difficult to say, but I'm gonna say it, if my daughter came to me and said I was raped, before all my way to get my gun, I'd say tell me the story. And if she said I'm a man, and I was dating him for many weeks, and I went out with him, and I started drinking with him, and then I went to his house, and we continued to drink, and it was a party, and then we started kissing, and I took all my clothes off, and then we started having sex, and then I decided I didn't wanna have sex anymore. I'm like, I can't truthfully shoot this man in the head anymore. Why did you do all of that? Why didn't you just say no? And I'm talking about my own daughter here, but I don't know if I'm allowed to say this without the world having a mental breakdown, because we live in a world now where nothing is nuanced. You can't make a nuanced point. You can't talk about how complicated this subject is. Everyone wants black and white. It's difficult what sexual consent is.  anymore because when you remove morality, there's no longer a lie. I don't know. It's hard. This is why I've settled down with my 11 wives because you can't trust anyone. Let's imagine I meet a brand new girl, let's imagine we have a happy relationship. Let's imagine we're together for nine months, and let's imagine we have sex 100 times. And let's imagine I don't buy her BMW. Let's imagine. And let's imagine she texts me and says, I want a BMW and I say no. And let's imagine she texts me and says, if you don't buy me a BMW, I will go to the police and say you raped me. Let's imagine she admits. Wish me from Peter Brewera. Let's imagine she admits via text to the crime. She admits what she's going to do for a car. And I still refuse to buy her a car. When she goes to the police and makes that complaint, I will still be arrested. I will still be demonized in the media.  I will still have to go to court. I will still have to go through a trial. I will still spend $3 million in legal fees. Despite her admitting to the fact she's lying for a car, I will still have my reputation decimated. My life will be damaged. I'll be stressed to the max. I'll have legal fees. I'll go through all of this. All because I didn't buy her a car. Despite her in making the crime, because I'm a man. And even worse, I'm a famous man. I'm a masculine man. So I'm the enemy of the matrix. So how can a man even fairly and safely have a relationship anymore? Where is sexual consent? I don't know. I had sex with her 100 times. Was she drunk one of those times? I don't think so. Do I alcohol breath test her every single time? No. She's now saying she was drunk. I'm saying, well, she came over my house at 11.30 p.m. We went straight to bed. I don't know. I didn't know this. I don't drink. I haven't drunk a drop of alcohol in a year and a half. Yeah, but she was drunk. Proven. Do you have the blood alcohol?  Does she want to test if she was drunk? No, neither do I. But she said she was drunk. So she says the consent isn't real, so you still have to go to a trial. But she admitted she lied for a BMW trial. We have evidence of the contrary, because you said on the wrong, more of podcast that women can't part. And that, that, that, that, BVC. Rape it, rape it, rape it, rape it, rape it, rape it, rape it, rape, what the, you can't live a life anymore. And the scenario I've just described to you is 100% accurate. So how are you as a man now? You ask me what sexual consent is. I don't know. There is no sexual consent anymore. Let me, let me change my answer. My answer was there's no longer a clear line of sexual consent because of diluted morality. I'm gonna change the answer. As a man, there is never consent. Because if it can be snatched from you retrospectively, then you never had it. You're never owning. If I give you something and I can snatch it back off of you at any time, do you own it? No, you're borrowing it. You can borrow consent as long as you never,  to annoy that female at any point in the future ever. Good luck. That sort of line of sexual consent is for a man. So as a man in the Western world, you have zero consent. And even if you have all of the proof, I made the point about the text for the BMW because that's very important. You can have CCTV footage. You can have all her texts, you can have everything. They will still destroy you in the video. So it doesn't matter. Your reputation is still tarnished. You lose your job. You lose your bank accounts. They'll still take everything from you. So there is no sexual consent anymore for a man in the West. It doesn't exist. So here's a paradox I've just picked up out of that. And that is everything you said about what the media will do to you has made you bigger than Jesus Christ. Well, you are bigger than Jesus Christ. Yeah, it's made me massively. It has made me... If you didn't work like that, you wouldn't be as big as you are. Correct. But I'll also argue. I'm an unfortunate...  situation because 99% of men who was hit like I was hit couldn't have done what I've done. And I'll tell you why. Firstly, there's a mental aspect. Every man thinks he's tough till it's going on. Two, when you have the BBC attacking you, attacking your mother, attacking your family, attacking the mothers of your children, when your kids are getting kicked out of school, when reporters are following your old mother around, when they've closed all your bank accounts when they're trying their very best to call all your ex-girlfriends and build up cases that don't exist. When they're printing lives about you, when you know you can go to jail at any moment for nothing. That's a little mental stress. Most most people I'd argue couldn't deal with that mental stress. Next, financially, most people have a job and your job is gone and you're broke. If you have your own business, you can't get customers or clients, most people. I'm in a very fortunate financial situation where my finances are hard to touch and very difficult to damage. In fact, they've been trying for a very long time.  to take down my school's door room. That's not even my main money. My main money's other things that I've been no about. I can't be damaged. I'm actually in the NBA. I'm an NBA player, never broke again. So because of that, I'm also fortunate. And I'm a very good speaker with a very large platform. And they've tried to cancel me and ban me, which they've done. Normally, that makes someone go away. I don't go away. They've tried, and I don't go away. I'm one of the platforms so I can speak. If I was a normal person, and I'd go, I hit with that garbage. I wouldn't be bigger to Jesus Christ. I'd be destroyed. I'd have no money. I'd have no job. I'd be able to get no customers. I'd have no social media. I wouldn't be able to tell my version of the truth. And they'd be pretty lies about me endlessly. And at all that, I'll talk about the other mental pressure. I'd be suicidal. And they wouldn't care. They think it was funny. 99% of men who have gone through what I've gone through would be a mess. So I pulled it off. It's true. But I speak to all the men out there at home telling you you have no consent. Because if I happen to see the average man, he's...  He is done. He is done. Happens to footballers. They're famous and they lose their contracts and lose everything. It's crazy. There's no such thing as sexual consent in the West for a man anymore. I didn't even realize that until you asked me that question. I thought it was blurred because of morality. But after analyzing it, it turns out it doesn't exist at all, which is even worse. There's no such thing as sexual consent. As a man, how are you supposed to live your life? I guess you just don't talk to women at all. I guess you just don't reproduce, right? If you have no kids, you have nothing to live for. You just sit there and play video games. Be a good slave. Pay your taxes. That's it. I guess that's what they want. And then they wonder why the birth rates decline. And wonder why they have to import all these third worlders because no one has kids anymore. Well, how can you have kids if you can't have a wife? How can you have kids if you can't have sex? We're everyone in this room and everyone watching this podcast exists because a man went up to a woman, said hello and they had sex. That's what happened. Now we're even going...  You're a sexual predator. If you go up and say, excuse me, I think you're beautiful. That's somehow as if. That's why we're all here. The level of matrix attack, so if people understand what's going on here, society is so fundamentally broken. You can't even exist as a man anymore. Your only hope, the only answer, is to be such a charming, fantastic individual that women do not want to betray you and attack you. Which I guess is an answer. I mean, it's worked for me, but you're relying on the sensibilities of other people. It's kind of a scary scenario to know that the woman you take care of and love might turn on you any moment, and she can, and she has all the benefit of the doubt. I don't know if this is true or not. I'm just gonna say it. In fact, it must be true. If a woman goes into a police station and makes an accusation against a man with no evidence, no evidence, six years ago, I had sex with a man. Who? him. I have no time.  messages from him. I have no video of it happening. I have no video of me going to his house. I don't remember where he lives. I don't remember the car I was in. I don't remember anything I was drunk, but I had sex with this man and I regretted he raped me. Zero evidence of any kind. That man would be questioned and arrested. I'd argue. If I go into a police station and say, I was robbed, I don't remember where. I don't know what they took. I don't know what happened, but I was robbed. They go, what do I want to do with this? I mean, robbed by who? Well, no evidence. Just random accusations. It's scary. Then let's go deeper down the rabbit hole. Do women hate men now? If you're going to push this feminist narrative and you're going to tell women they have to compete with men, I know woman's going to buy into that and she's going to see herself in competition with men inside the workforce or inside society in masculine realms. Is she going to feel hate for?  resentful towards men to a degree, I'd argue she would because a woman in a feminine realm will destroy a man as she should. She has all the advantages and I'll sit here and say that women in feminine realms outperform men 100% the time. By extension in masculine realms, men will outperform women 100% the time. So if you're going to try and turn women into men, what you're going to have is you're going to have short, broke, emotional men who are going to lose to big, strong, tall, stoic men. And then they're going to be resentful of the men who do better than them. And then you're going to give that resentful person power to destroy any man's life at a whim without evidence. I'm just talking out loud, I don't know. Is that scary? It is kind of scary. And then you come along and say, okay, well, we've tried to turn these women into men and they're not doing that well. So we're going to do diversity hires and hire the women over the men, even though the men outperform them. And if you look at her wrong, she can destroy your life at random. And you have to pay all your taxes, go build a room.  And you're not on the opinion. And if they're fat, you have to find them attractive. Otherwise you're a misogynist. And your kids are gay, don't say anything bad. We go jail. Freedom! Democracy! Don't you love we living a free society? Isn't it great? Freedom. It's money-butt money-might trick. Money makes us. Free society. We live in a free society. It's so free here. I feel free. Do you? Let's go deep for another rabbit hole. It's a lot of money-might trick. So just reminding me of something. How do most tech companies make money today? They give away a free product and they use your personal information. You are the product. You are the product. That's right. They get personal information about you and your habits. And they take the information.  and they monetize it. So the logical extension of that fact would be that the more information they obtain about you, the better they will be at monetizing that information. So that means that large companies are trying their very best to know everything about you. The harder they survey you, the better their surveillance, the more profitable they will be, and companies' primary objective is to be as profitable as possible, meaning that tech companies and large companies by extension which are basically government because government have the fingers in all of them, want to spy on you as much as possible. The reason they want to do that is they will have a pattern of your behavior, and they use that pattern of your behavior to predict how you're going to spend money, or predict how they can make you spend money. If we show him this type of advert at this time, for this length of time, he's more likely to spend than if we don't, because of all the other millions of people who fit his profile, this was the most reactive type of advertisement. If you would stop,  all of that to be true, then you must accept the next logical extension to that. Which means if they have all this information on your parents and how they can make money from you, they must be trying to change your parents. Huge news, years in the making, my brand new book that my publishers refused to publish Money Matrix. Beat the money system and build generational wealth. Understand the three main ways that the banks productise you and make money from you. You'll be able to turn that system against itself, build generational wealth and multiple streams of recurring income. It's all at MoneyMateTricks.cash. And if you're quick, the first few hundred registrants and buyers will receive many special bonuses from me, the brand new MoneyMaker Summit three day special. Then meet me at a champagne reception, meet me at a multi-millionaire networking dinner. Go now MoneyMateTricks.cash. This is huge. They must have pattern A type of person who is worth $11.59. And pattern B type of person.  who is worth $9.22. How do we make the pattern B people, act like the pattern A people? What do they do different? How can we change the algorithm or the app to make the pattern B's be more like the pattern A's so we can make more money? If the goal of a business is forever profit, they want a forever survey, and they want an ideal customer. And if they understand your patterns of behavior, they must be trying to influence your patterns of behavior. The next logical extension to that is, we're living in a world where normally we'd be spied on with absolutely everything. Every single thing we use is trying to change us, and change how we think, and change how we act. Could we argue that's how you make your hundreds of millions change your people against the matrix to the free? 100% 100%. So you have me who is particularly eloquent and concise. And concise is one that you are not. Compenduous. I'm good at talking, but now we have machines doing it. So we're talking about the future and AI. People say, what do you think about AI? I think AI.  going to change how we all think and act. I'm not worried about what the machines are going to do. I'm worried about what you're going to do. You as a person, I'm worried about what the people are going to do when the AI becomes good enough to truly turn the pattern bees into the parent aids. How do we make all the people who understand the truth believe Andrews a human trafficker? How do we make people believe the news again? What disaster do we need to come up with? What words do we need to type in which order? In which order do we have to show them the different articles for it to be a logical continuation in their brain for them to come to the conclusion we want them to come to? I'm not worried about why AI is going to do on its own. I'm worried about it's going to do to all of us because that's how they're making money now is by surveying us and controlling us. And yeah, I'm one man with a mouth and I'm pretty good, but to compete against machines into the future, I'm only going to lose. So when you talk about money matrix, it just reminded me about how surveillance capitalism, I guess that's...  the only capitalism we have now, surveillance capitalism. I guess I like to and I'm doing this on the fly so I don't know but what is communism? Communism is spying on absolutely everything somebody does to make sure they adhere to the correct creeds so they can make a living. Surveillance capitalism is spying on absolutely everything somebody does so you can make as much money as possible from them but if they don't do the right things you delete their ability to exist as a human. I'm sure somebody with a little bit more time than I could draw out the comparisons between surveillance capitalism and communism. Are we kind of reaching the same place? Or spying on absolutely. We don't even have capitalism anymore in the true definition of the word where do we? Where do we have free fair markets and free competitive forces? That's right. And if a government's primary objective every single day is to get more and more control, which is all it is, then all ends in communism anyway. This surveillance capitalism.  just another path towards the same thing. Every day, the government passes new laws every week, every month, whatever. Have you ever seen the government take a law away? So over time, they just get more and more and more in control. They don't take laws away. They just add new ones on top. Where does that end? If you have 100 marbles, and I take one away every day, it ends at zero. It doesn't matter if it takes a while, but that's where we end up, right? So the governments are all going to try and end up with this in some form of slavery. You can call communism and call it something else. But this money matrix is talking about surveillance capitalism. I don't think that's far off communist anyway. I don't think anybody, you're right. We have no free and fair markets. We have no freedom of speech. We just talked about the freedom of society, how garbage that is. Democracy is a scam. That's a lie, because they influence control the media if the voting machines work. So what do we have besides God? Only God can save us now, my friend. But it's our brains. Because we ain't got anything else. There's nothing else to believe.  What else are you going to believe in? It's scary. Also interesting you say about the money matrix. The average person stands so little chance of being financially free. It's ridiculous how screwed most people are. They don't even know how screwed they are. You know, let me take something that's really hilarious. This mainly made me laugh out loud. I don't have Facebook, so I'm banned. But I saw Facebook post by mom shared. My mom shared it with me, someone, someone. And it was a 17 year old who was happy that they got accepted into college. That's the biggest joke I've ever heard of. So wait, you are happy. You've been accepted to give them money. Imagine I said I was accepted to buy a big Mac. I'm trying to give them money. Are you accept me? Oh, thanks. So you can go to school and learn nothing.  Learn nothing. You know what I love to do with people who go to uni? I love it because I don't have a degree, right? And I'm obviously one you're mentally more successful in all these nerds. And every once in a while I meet somebody who whole identity is invested in their learning. And they talk to me about how important it is. Well, if you want to be a doctor or a I don't want to have to point out the obvious here. If you want to be a doctor, you go to school. I get it. Okay, cool. Whenever someone's in uni, I'm like, why do you go to uni? You go all because they want to learn things. Did you go uni today? Yeah. What did you learn today? What do you mean? No, today, today. What did you learn today? They can never answer the question. It's great. Ask them. So I ask people, what did you learn today? And once I'm just fumble and then they realize, well, I didn't learn anything on one day. I probably didn't learn anything on the week, which you probably learned to think the whole time. All things but a scale. Always the time. Then you get a massive monumental death. Death. That's the money matrix. You come out of school. You're in your debt. It's over. It's over for you. You're never going to make it. You've lost.  Lost the game on level one, you lost. It's kind of interesting that I had a thought experiment with somebody and I said, you can only get loans for school because if you could get loans for anything you wanted, nobody would choose school. Cause they can't exist in a free and fair market. They have to keep them monopoly over the ability to enslave children with debt. Otherwise, no one will choose them because there's no value in it. And everyone knows there's no value in it. But how matrix-minded do you have to be to actually still be happy about the idea you're going to accept into a college? I nearly laughed. So these people have no idea how all this stuff works. They don't have a clue. Rich get richer. I'm sure you understand. Poor get poorer. Inflation, inflation, inflation. That sounds like higher house prices to me. Good thing I own a bunch. Sounds like higher share prices. Good thing I own a bunch of that. Oh, you can't buy groceries. I'm sure that's very hard. We don't talk about those things.  because we own all the assets. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer, and there's no way to stop it. And I also feel like, because I think the size we need God, and we talked about how messed up society is. I also feel like we're living in the last years where there's a whole in the matrix where there's any degree of social mobility. I think we're gonna end up back at feudalism. There's gonna be kings, see what they're talking about. How many Ferrari's? You know, Simon Watt, I agree with our diamond watches. There'll be us, and there'll be everyone else. Right now, there's still a degree of social mobility where if you're intelligent and you're perspicacious and you're indefetigable and you work hard, and you manage to find a gap and you really dedicate yourself and you try your best, you can make enough money to get out. In 20 years, the richer you're gonna be rich, and the poor are gonna be poor and it's done. It is done. Because the average price of a house is gonna just continue to skyrocket. The wages are not gonna follow it. You're never gonna own any assets. The assets are gonna be only all the rich people. You're gonna be paying us rent. It's over. And there's another thing I find interesting because...  people come to me often, question I get asked most is. And you're a lack motivation. You have 10 years left to save your bloodline from eternal slavery. And you lack motivation? You are born to lose, sir. You are a loser. All of your ancestors who fought saber-toothed tigers should have just laid down and died, because they fought their best for you to be born, so you could jack off the pornoble during the last few years where you stand a chance to save your last name from eternal surfdom. You are a dickhead and you deserve to be poor. The last thing you should lack in the mess of the world today is motivation, because you are running out of time. And I'm telling you as a rich man who made it out, I can see the gap is closing. I can see it. So you should certainly see it. I'm above in the clouds, looking down on the whole closed-  You're down below looking off watching it close and you lack motivation to build a ladder. Oh well, maybe tomorrow. Maybe government will save me. Maybe if I vote for the liberals, they'll give me money. Slave minds, clowns, fools. The last thing you should lack in the world today is motivation because truly people are running out of time. And I find that extremely interesting that not only when you go to college, do you end up in a bunch of debt, not only do you end up owing a bunch of money, even worse, you waste time, you waste years for a dream. And the matrix is very good at this. It dangles a carrot all the time. Get good GCSEs, get good in college, get a good degree, then you'll be rich. Pay off your mortgage, you'll be rich. Pay off your student loan, don't worry, it's keep working, the carrot's coming. You'll get it one day.  When I was 16, when I saw the Ferrari, I knew this was a lie. I was like, there's no way that, next time you see a rich guy go out to him, it's like, how'd you get rich? I've never heard anyone say, university, ever! I've never heard anyone say, it's a lie, it's a scam. When I was 16, I saw the guy in the Ferrari, I was like, I'm going to college and he isn't, and he ain't going to work. He knows something I don't know. I knew at 16, everything they tell me was a lie. But there's still people who think they have five years to waste in college. Five years, I'm 37, less conservatively estimate I make for myself, Corminino is today, let's say. Five years ago, I was probably making 20 grand a day. That's the difference five years can make. Five years, and they're going to sit there and do what? Read a book from 22 years ago? Don't do, don't do, don't do, don't do, don't do. Go party.  Hello fraternity. Bro, what's really scary is this. I'm 37, a group on a council estate. I was broke for most of my life. I mean, all my money myself. And even I have disdain for the poor. Because I look at them and go, you didn't try at all. I did it. With all of the pain I went through and all the problems I had while also fighting and becoming a kickboxing world champion, I still managed to do it. You started a higher bracket than me. You started from a middle income at home. Your dad was, you had food. I didn't have food that I was a world champion. How did you fail so massively? And I look at them and just think of them as your idiot. And if I feel that, imagine how the elites look us. Imagine you're born into a lineage, a bloodline that had been in charge of the banks forever. Imagine how you view poor people. You think you give a shit whether they live or die? I'm talking about someone who's only been rich for 10 years.  And when someone comes and complains to me about being broke, I'm like, oh, you're a dummy. You didn't even try. So imagine you're born filthy rich and your family's always been rich and you're told about how your family's always controlled everything because you're smarter than everybody else. Imagine how much disdain the elites truly have to the common man. And I'm talking as a common man who made a little bit of money. Then you start to understand how this world's really working because they don't give a sh** about the common man. If you say to the elites, if you pour third worlders into this nation, you will make 3% more per year. However, the common man will have to deal with crime, rape, murder, drugs, human trafficking. He'll sit there and go on a caribou with a common man. 3%. Okay. Doesn't care. Why would he care? Then you have a community where the only people who can protect it left are the men. The men who care about their daughters care about their wives. But those men have to be masculine men, brave men. With their under assault, we've discussed that.  for the last two hours. So now they're afraid. All the buildings look the same anyway. Why don't we just move, let's just move, let's just scurry away. Then you start to lose the major cities of your nation. This hypothetical nation. The major cities start to fall. Everyone starts saying stupid things like, it's a nice country if you stay away from the cities. You know what's a nice country if you stay away from all the cities? Afghanistan, I can go hide in the forest enough Afghanistan with a little tent. You just sit there by myself. I probably wouldn't get drums, right? The munkable. And they don't seem to understand this. And then they hide and they run away. And eventually they're crushed and it's over. And the whole nation falls. And the great thing about globalists being globalists is that they have the whole globe. And all the globalists get on a private jet with their families to do, fly to another place that they haven't destroyed. And they find a way to continue to profit off the burning trash heap that they just abandoned.  They don't care. 3% more profit. Doesn't matter. Call them man, doesn't matter. And I'm telling you that they think like this because I catch myself and I have correct myself thinking like this. I have... There's a guy... I get this all the time. People call it to me and say, can you make a video for my cousin? He loves you. Did it? And I always refuse. I don't make videos. I might make a picture of I don't make videos. Anyway, this particular guy showed me a picture of the person. He's like, who's going to be a picture of my cousin? I looked at his cousin. He wasn't about 22. And he was standing in a crowd out of the festival holding a pint in a plastic glass. And my instant thought was, this guy's a dickhead. This guy's an idiot. He's 22. I guarantee he's not a billionaire. I better have to sit down with him and say, how much money do you got? None. Why are you there? The gap is closing. The elites hate you. You're no longer have sexual consent. You're a permanent criminal.  and the eyes of the law, they're here to decimate you in your entire bloodline. You're 22 at the height of your capabilities, the height of your energy. You heal like Wolverine. It is Friday. You're, are you making money? What are you doing? Oh, does this band, I really want to see this band. Then you, I guess you just deserve to lose, friend. I guess you just need it. And I don't feel sorry for you. You're guess you're just a dummy. And that's how I feel. Imagine how the elites feel. We're scum to these people. We are. I'm not a rich man. I'm just a poor man with loads of money. I'm from a Newton Council. I wear diamond watches, bro. You understand? Yeah, I do. I'm just a poor man with billions of dollars. But it's scary when you start to understand how all these things really work. And I don't think the average man at home understands this. And if you start to understand it all, the last thing you will lack is motivation.  How can you like motivation? How can an antelope in the jaws of a tiger say I lack motivation? I'm tired. I'm horny. I want to jerk off. Bro, you're up. They're ripping out your throat in real time. You're bleeding out. Fight, fight back. And then the tigers like me are like, bro, are you going to get eaten? I'm going to eat you. That's what we're going to do. I don't know what else I'm supposed to do. It's kind of like, you probably have this problem as well. I don't know if you have this problem. Do you ever wake up and think, I don't need any more money, but there's fuck all else to do. Yeah, it'll be done. Yeah, so you just said that making millions. What's better than making something out of nothing? Financial alcohol, for me. Absolutely. Yeah. So why do I wake up and go? Let me do the math. If I...  never worked again. I could spend $422,000 a day for the rest of my life. I have all the cards. Do I need more money? No. Let me go have a coffee. Let me go try and chill out today. And within 22 minutes, I'm back in my laptop working. There's nothing else to do. There's nothing else to do. And I can't stop myself working as a person who doesn't need money. And then there's people with no money who don't remember. I was like, I was like, it blows my mind, which is why the winners are winners and losers or losers. Losers do a little bit of work and rest. Winners work as hard as possible and worry they're not working hard enough. It's just a separation of personality types. And it's almost like you can't save these people. I have something I sent in my email recently. I said, you could give the average man a brand new Ferrari and a roadmap and a coffee and a full tank of gas.  and tell him the destination success. And halfway along the drive, who quakes is too far. How well you set it up for people, they'll quip. I have this to say with my online educational platform, my school, it's $49 a month. It's less than a Starbucks. And I will teach you how to make money online. You can escape the matrix, you can get out to the hole before it closes, you can be geographically free, you can live in Thailand, you can make money from your computer, it calls $49, you have absolutely nothing to lose, I made it cheap enough for everybody to be able to join. And people will sit there and go, and then put on Netflix. What more, I've given you a Ferrari, a full tank of gas, I've given you the latte, I've given you a road map, I've given you a hot girl to sit next to you and play songs, do selfies, I've given you everything. Just drive the car. No, yeah, it's far. Hmm, I don't have motivation. I don't do do. Calm.  You're a loser. You are a loser if you do not win, you lose. What do you call someone who loses? A loser. That is an underused word. Loser. My brother and I use it all the time. This person thinks this. He's a loser. What do you mean he's a loser? Look at him. He's a loser. He lost. Name a competition. I'd be in that anything. Uno. Marbles. A fight to the death. Your name out. Decimate this loser. Oh, he thinks some human driver. I'll hit with the loser. He's a loser. All these losers out here. Another thing. And then they say, this is what's amazing to me about motivation. I don't feel motivated. News flash. News and a lie sometimes. You're not going to always feel like doing it. You have to do it anyway because it's your duty to do it because you don't want to be a fucking loser. That's the whole point.  If you felt like doing it all the time, there would be no magic to it. The magic is that you do it regardless of how you feel. That's the whole point of it all. What do you mean you need motivation? You don't need motivation. You have a duty to not be a loser anymore, because the whole in the sky is closing. $49, we'll give you a ladder. Well, you know what we'll play video games. Born to lose. Born to lose. And then they'll end up voting for some ridiculous party, which promises and there won't be a loser anymore. And that party will hate people like me, and they'll try and put me in jail. That's what's going to happen. That's the world we currently live in. The loser's party. Losers love companies. They do. They vote for it. Losers love company. There are certain political parties and movements out there that convince you that being a loser is okay.  And then you feel better. And you also get to blame others for your loserdom. And you feel great. You don't have to take any personal responsibility. I'm not a loser because I'm mean. I'm a loser because they didn't. Or this happened. Blah blah blah blah. So they're attractive to losers. And then we end up in a situation where currently in. Who's bad with women? Andrew Tite or Tristan Tite? Tristan, 100%. Tristan. Why? I've retired, bro. I've retired. Tristan's a Mr. Ladies' man. Tristan and I are the perfect team because we're opposites. People think we're the same, but we're not. We're actually very difficult. Sorry, very different. Tristan. Enjoy's life. Tristan. Enjoy's life. Do I enjoy life? Well, you say life is war. It is war. I don't think I'd be. I don't think I consciously very often enjoy anything. The things I enjoy are not fun things. I enjoy. I enjoy this.  This is work. It's fun. I like to talk. Yeah, it's fun. But what would give me more satisfaction? Going to a very expensive restaurant with 10 beautiful women and popping loads of balls of champagne and eating really great food and driving home in a fast car or clearing all my work notifications. I think the notifications might give me a higher dopamine and I'll be perfectly honest with you. That's true. Tristan would love that. Tristan would enjoy the whole thing. I'll be there. And I'm... I'm the 10 women you made and you'd love the work. The work. I think you have to be smart enough to realize most things in the world are garbage, but stupid enough to enjoy the garbage. So I can put myself in a frame of mind where I'll sit at that table and I won't enjoy it. But I'll sit and say, everyone, like me, stealing everyone's dreams with the cars. I'm like, this is every man's aspiration. Everyone else at this club wishes they were at this table with the most beautiful women, with the nicest cars outside and the biggest stake involves a champion, whatever.  I'll sit there and I'm cognitive enough to look and say yes, this is fun, but really it's just because no one else can do it. Am I actually enjoying it? No, I'd rather just go home and work and I really care. But it has to be done just to make other people sad. My brother and I used to talk about this. He used to say this a few years ago. Back when I used to drink, I don't drink anymore. But he'd say, are we going to the club tonight? It's a guy I don't want to go. He goes, but Andrew, if we don't go, other men get girls at their tables. Because if we go, we get every single female in the club at our table. I was like, yeah, I don't want to go and I don't want females near me really. But do I want to give them to everyone else? No. All right. So maybe I'm just petty. Maybe I'm spiteful. No. But we'd go just to know what else could have any fun. But Tristan enjoys life. And that's what I love about him. Because I buy one at a...  I can tap into his energy and he can tap into my energy when things need doing. That's why I'm going to prison. I'm going to jail. That's why we're a very good team. But yeah, I'm sorry, I'm broad enough to pretend to enjoy things. But if I'm actually honest, it's very little I actually enjoy fighting, I enjoy working, I enjoy driving fast cars, competitively racing and stuff. Besides that, I don't care. It's one of the best things about having to watch is the cars and the fantasy life. Is understanding the reality that that is not the fantasy life. I think the best thing about it being honest is that no one else is going to have it. I'm telling you why I enjoy. I enjoy having things other people can't have. I enjoy using finance to assert my dominance. I enjoy peacocking with my feathers. I enjoy the more honest and very honest is the lamentation of losers.  beautiful to me. I love it. I love people complaining about the energy bill and I'm filling up my SF9E going yeah, it must be really hard. Oh 200 pounds. Wow. It's a searching dominance. I'm better than you. Look, I have metrics, measurable metrics, numbers, nice and simple. You understand numbers is two more than one. Okay, cool. Right. Billion. You tried your best. I love that. I think every man does. I think that male happiness comes through the feeling of superiority. I think men are happy when they feel better. I think we're naturally competitive. That's why we've always done what we've done. Why did Genghis Khan need Vienna? Oh, that's Austria. Look at that.  Why did he need Vienna? It took him probably three months to even hear they were at Vienna. By the time he got the message, they probably already conquered him. Why did he need it? Because he wanted. Why do I need the stuff I have? Because other people can't have it as mine. And I think that that's where masculine happiness comes from. Because I think men are happy when they feel respected. And you're going to respect yourself if you look around and you have things other people don't have. It's very easy. I don't want to be called arrogant. Wait, sorry. I don't give a sh** if I'm called arrogant. Because sure of this people say he thinks he's so great. And I can sit and say, yeah, you're right. I think I'm so great. And I know that anger's you. But let's actually measure. And I'll prove to you that I am great. I'm not trying to insult anyone. I'm not trying to be unlikable. I'm saying, I am great. Get the average man, the average statistics, put my statistics next to them, but then check GBT. And say, which one's greater? What do you, what do you, wh- ?  I enjoy that feeling. Why do I walk into the showroom by the two available cars that I don't want? Because it's one man's dream, and now another man can't buy them. Now they're mine. That's just it. And I think that if every man's honest with himself, that's what every man wants. If you get away with all the matrix garbage and all the matrix has told you all this crap, like be humble and all this other garbage, throw it away. Why do you play sports? To win. To win. Why do you want to put a ball in a net more times than the other people? To show that you're better than that than putting a ball in a net? How insignificant an action, a ball in a net? Who cares? A much more significant action would be making a bunch of money, or being physically stronger, or a better fighter, or being smarter, a quicker talker, or being more well-known, more respected, more influential. That's far more important than putting a ball in a net. And you'll spend your time putting a ball in a net to prove you're better than other people. So don't sit and say that I'm a bad person for proving I'm better than everyone else.  by all the things I'm doing. That's masculine competition. By extension, the men who do not think like me, the losers, because you lose. If there's a game being played, and some men realize it's a battle, and some men don't realize there's a battle going on, how can they possibly win? So some of you men are waking up every day, not realizing you're in a forever permanent competition with every single man around you, for everything, all of the time. And that doesn't ever cross your mind, and you wonder why you permanently lose. Well, it crosses my mind, and that's why I'm beating you. Women want the men who think this way. Women want the men who understand this. Who win? So women won. So you can call it arrogant. You can call it egotistical. I call it winning. I call it realism. I call it realistic. And the best things about having most of the things I have is that other people can't have them. That's the bottom line of it. This is reason why Billy.  airs by a bigger yacht than the billionaire next to them. They do not need an extra 20 feet of deck space. They want the biggest yacht in the harbor. Is the reason why they buy one of one Picasso's. Is the reason why when Bugatti launched a new car with AT units, they're all sold same day. That's why. Because winners all think the same way. And anyone who sits and goes, well, you should be more humble. I hear that sometimes. And then I look at who said it to me. And whenever someone tells me their opinion, this is a habit I give everyone at home. Whenever somebody gives you their opinion on anything, listen to the opinion and then stop and look at who told it to you. Because you never want to adopt the thinking of somebody who you don't want to be. Because their thinking made them. So whatever they believe in their mind is why they are the person they are. So if somebody sits and says to you, you should be more humble. I sit and think, okay, my logical is of my brain works. He believes I should be more humble.  That's how his mind operates. The closer my mind operates to his mind, the more likely I am to be like him. Who is he? And I'll look at the person who said that to me and say, no, thank you. No, sir, I refuse. Being humble, is that how you got to where you are? Is that how you got? No, you keep humble. I'll keep winning. You can get... Because most people who talk about humble, all they really want is not be reminded of how they have failed. They don't want me to make it clear to them that they have failed. They have failed. And I even think... We talk about the normal man and the normal life. We'll talk about that in a second. But normalcy now is being siaught from all angles. I feel like in the 1950s, a normal man was a winner. The normal man went to a normal job and had a normal family in a normal house in a normal car in a normal life. But I feel like the normal person now...  is two parents working, children being raised by the matrix in school being bombarded with propaganda. Bill's barely paid, depressed, angry, anxious, watching the BBC. A philic normalcy has been changed from being a winner to being a loser. So now being normal is just losing in a way which is so familiar to the people around you are losing that you don't realize you've lost it all because everyone's losing. So you're like, oh I'm just normal, no you've all lost, you've all lost, none of you are free, you're all lost. And that's even more scary. You can't even be normal anymore. To be a winner you have to be exceptional. You could be a winner as a normal person only 50-60 years ago. Now the normal people can't even win because they're grinding down society that the bracket of normal is going further and further down. And then you can buy extension that makes it more scary right? And in the 1950s I guess you could wake up and say  That's gonna be a normal law abiding citizen. I wanna be normal and I wanna follow the law. And you'll have a good life and you'll be a winner. You'll be respected at home, your wife will love you, you'll raise children, you'll be religious, you'll worship God, you'll pay your bills. Normal law abiding. If you're a normal law abiding person, not on nowadays, not only are you broke, you can't talk, cause it's hate speech. Like if you follow the laws now and you're just a normal law abiding person, not only are you broke, your matrix might did. Listen to the BBC. Yeah, I guess we need to go bomb the hooties. Bro, who, two weeks, we're now bombing the hooties in Yemen, cool. Two weeks ago, if you were to go around, but we're round England and ask people who are the hooties. 99.9% people couldn't even tell you who they were. No one even knew who they were. Now we're convinced we need to blow them up. Who even know these people are? New stuff. Normal.  Well, I guess if the MPs believe, guess it's normal I'm in debt. It's crazy. It's crazy. So, and as normal people tell me to be humble. So this is why it doesn't enter my mind. When there was you to be more humble, I'm like, okay, we're a normal person. Here's your life. Here's what you believe. That's fine. I don't believe in that. And then I look at my life. Sorry. We'll check that. Now, I want to make a point here that's clear though. I don't want men to then become delusional. Don't think you're great when you're not. Don't be delusional. Everything I've talked about here is metrics. Measureable metrics, numbers. As a man, you need to live in the real world, where you're not going to be competitive, because we're competing in the real world. So you need to be able to do amazing things and then be proud of yourself. Don't sit and think you're great for no reason. That is arrogance. I'd argue that the normal person who thinks they're so unique and great for no reason is more arrogant than me. I was the most famous man in the world. I'm a lab.  to say that. It was measured. It's numbers, it's Google. So I think the best mental model of the man is to understand that you cannot be normal, you need to be exceptional, you need to do exceptional things. That ties into the exceptionally good and the exceptionally bad, let me talk earlier, which means you need to be hard on yourselves, you can deal with the exceptionally bad. And if you start to do all these things, they all compound. Everything is set across all these hours, all tie into each other and you end up in one result, you end up in one place, which is brutal competence, brutal masculine competence, there's nowhere else to be. And through that brutal masculine competence, you can also protect yourself from all the things we were talking about earlier from the Matrix. Brutal masculine competence will put you in a position of respect where your girlfriend you haven't seen in seven years, your ex is called and she goes, I respect them too much to round them. Maybe you love someone else now, but I just won't round them, I respect them. Only brutal masculine competence can save you, law won't save you, laws against you, nothing will save you besides your own brutal competence. Does money make you happy?  Or happy of. I wouldn't be happy both broke. Money, okay, so do not root. I answer it about how having things other people can't have makes me happy. So it makes me happy for that reason. Because it's the vehicle to it. Because it's the vehicle to it. So that's one answer, but I'll give another answer. Money to me now is like hands. Here we go. I use it all the time. And I'm glad I have it. I don't consciously think I'm super glad I have hands. Right? Maybe occasionally if I see somebody without hands, I'm like, think all my hands. Most of the time you just expect it to be there as you just use your hands. Right? You expect it to be there. You take it for granted. If I lost my hands, I would be devastated. I don't appreciate them as much as I should. I should appreciate them more because I could lose them at any point. And that's exactly how I view money.  Because if I want something, I just take it. The world for me is free. I try to explain this to people and they don't understand. I'm like, when your rich is me, the only way it feels is that everything is free. If I see something and I want it, I just say I'll take that. It's free. It's like, it's like, imagine there's no more prices on things. The only reason I don't take something is because I don't want it or I don't want to deal with putting up with it or putting it somewhere. Because I already have so much stuff. Everything is free all the time. I go into a clothing store going to Louis Vuitton. Yeah, give me this, this, this, this, give me this. Bro, I'll go into Louis Vuitton and there's a track suit and I can't be bothered to try it on. I'll buy all four sizes and I'll work out later which one fits and I'll fill the others away. Everything's free. I don't want to take my jacket off, but it on, headache. So that's how it feels. Now, if I had to go back to being broke, I would be like, you didn't appreciate being rich nearly enough. But I'm in the NBA, so that can't happen to me. But that's how money feels. Does the money make me happy? Happy.  Okay, do my hands make me happy? Well, no, I don't wake up and go, I'm happy I have hands. No, but if I didn't have hands, I'd probably be a lot less happy. It's a requirement for happiness that I just expect to be there. What's interesting is, you talk about how I expect to just have money. Beautiful women expect men to just have money, even more. There's a beautiful girl I knew some years ago, blah, blah, blah. I was talking to her and she was saying, money won't get a girl. A girl doesn't want a man for money, unless she's a prostitute and it's like a purely transactional relationship. She said, money will qualify you to try. Every man I talk to has money. I'm beautiful. I would never speak to a man who has no money. In my world, all men just have money. I don't know how. Of course you have money, you're a man. That's how...  You don't believe you money. Beautiful girls think men just have money. Like men just have hands and legs and money. They don't care how you made it. They don't care how hard it was to make. They don't care how much stress you go through to get it. In her world, every single man she has ever replied to on Instagram, ever was rich. So men just have money. And the men who don't have money don't even exist. Don't exist to her. We're singing a restaurant. And when we left, I said, how many men were in that restaurant? She goes, hmm, four or five? I was like, no, there was 20 waiters you didn't see. There's the kitchen staff at the back you didn't see. There's the security guard in the ballet out front. They're invisible to you. Did it even cross your mind? You just see the diamond watches. That's how they do the world. So you're talking about this money made me happy. Well, yeah, I think it's a bare minimum requirement of existence. I expect to have it like I expect to have my hands. I think I can buy extension beautiful women expect you to just have money. If I sat with a  And the beautiful girl said, oh yeah, I can't afford that. She was like, what? You're a man, when do you mean you can't afford it? Like you're missing a dick or something. It's just the world we live in. It's the world we live in. Not you missing a dick. You have more than one. If it's big enough, it can count for two. But yeah, so I couldn't be happy broke. And I know I'm always gonna have money and I expect to have money all over the time. But it's like my hands. I don't know how else to explain it. It's like my hands. I don't know. I couldn't be happy without my, I don't know how a man is waking up and he's happy without money. Well, I think I've written books on money. Done a lot of exploration. I actually think the rhetoric that money doesn't make you happy and life isn't all about money is part of the propaganda of what you call the matrix in indoctrinating us to concede and just enough so that we can pay off 50% taxes and pay our interest on all our loans. And then when we die, pay 40% of everything that we own. Because if we know that money.  money makes you really happy, will go and find it, which means becoming an entrepreneur and getting out of the system, and then that is freedom. Oh, absolutely. So I think the smartest thing the rich people ever did was convince the broke people that money doesn't make you happy. I think that's nail on the head. All the rich people like, don't worry guys. Don't worry. Money doesn't make you happy guys. I'm gonna keep mine. I'm gonna worry, it doesn't make you happy. I promise, I promise. I'm sad, promise. You're sad, yeah, we're both far. Good luck. I pick a scam alive, because money is freedom. It's freedom to drive what you want, eat where you want, go where you want. It's freedom to sleep with who you want. I just described it. You want a beautiful woman, you need money. Like, to money is freedom. If you don't wanna be a slave, which is, it's freedom to say no to money is freedom to say no. It's freedom to talk to truth online and be put in jail and come out and still have supercars. There's a lot of men who think what I think, they can't stay at the loser's jobs.  So, you want to say money doesn't buy happiness, well then you're saying you're happy to be a slave because only money is going to give you freedom. When they want to try and attack you, they've attacked me, they take your money away, on purpose. So absolutely, money's freedom to have an opinion now. So it's true. So you're... Yeah, exactly. So, to money, absolutely, is happiness because freedom is a bare minimum requisite to happiness. Unless you're happy being a slave and you're right about what rich people did. They tried to convince all the people at the bottom that money isn't the answer. You're never going to be more happy poor. You may as well... You may as well be rich. I can't think of many scenarios where being rich was a detriment over being poor. There's not many. Even if money can't help you, you may as well have it, right? So I completely agree with you. I think money is a bare minimum requirement for happiness, especially if you're a masculine man who wants to outcompete. Then you need money because money is basically everything. I think money is...  The most important thing in the world is health because you have nothing if you're dying. Second thing is family and friends who you love. And the third is money because it's everything else. It's literally everything else is money. And they've convinced people, the poor people. Oh yeah, he has money, but I have friends and family who love me. So do I. So do I. It's like because I have money, I don't have friends and family. Where did I get to spend more time with my friends and family than you do? Cause you're working a slave job. They, they, people are sionged into thinking that rich people is somehow lacking somewhere else. And I'm sure some of them are, but not all of them. There are some people that have everything or just gonna have to accept it. Some people just have it all. They have friends and family and good relationships and love their kids and a bunch of money. And if that doesn't anger you to get up and make a bunch of money, well, I don't know what will. You know, I always found the one thing that was always amazing to me and it's happened to me even just the other day.  I'll be driving one of my 59 supercars. And I'm a bragging. I'm driving. And it's raining and it's dark and it's cold. And I see people at a bus stop. And I'm at the traffic light. I'm like, it's freezing and it's raining and it's night time. And you can't afford an Uber. That won't motivate you. I don't know what will. Because the worst thing about the bus isn't the bus. It's the time you wait for the bus times money. You're going to sit there for 45 minutes in the freezing cold and waste your time to save a couple dollars on an Uber. And you don't feel panic to get rich. And you're just fine with that. And you're going to come home. Took the bus today. Bravo. Bore to lose. Born to lose. If that won't motivate you.  Especially as my 5.2 liter V10 Lamborghini is humming. Right next to you standing there. And you're standing with your coat on your hood up. Lamborghini's right there. You know when the bus will come. A little while today. Bro, bro, born to lose. So how do you get rich now? Because whilst I agree with you, some people just don't yet know what to do. Well, okay, so first thing I'm gonna do is, I will teach everyone what to do inside of my school. And I'm gonna have to plug this school because it's very important. And I'll tell you why. What the fuck? I'm gonna plug it and I'll tell you why. The reason I launched my academy is not for me to make money. I was already rich. My academy exists for the reason we just discussed. If you wanna be free of mind, you need to have money. Therefore, if my goal is to attack and defeat the matrix, I need people who have money who can tell the truth. If you're a fan of mine and you're...  you work a broken job, you're no use to me because you can't speak, because you'll lose your job and you cannot feed your family. If you're a fan of mine and you're making millions of dollars, then you can tell the truth and you can back me up and support me and you can echo and you can amplify my sentiments. Therefore, I want all of my fans to make as much money as possible. I'm not philanthropist. I'm not doing this because I care about all the people that I'm genuinely from a selfish point of view, trying to make all of my fans as rich as possible so we can all tell the truth. That is why my academy is so cheap so anyone can join it. And it will teach you how to make money online. So if you've sat here for hours and listened to everything I've said and agreed with all of it and still have not joined the academy, then there's something wrong with you in your mind. Because you obviously respect my point of view and you obviously know I know what I'm talking about and now I'm telling you I'll teach you how to get rich and you still don't join, then you're a broken person and I can't help you. Or maybe they don't know the link.  Good point. Join the real world. You can type in the real world on Google and you'll see the link. Or go to cobrateate.com, hate you, it's there. And you can join. That's how I teach people to make money online. But to give them more overall answer outside of the plug to the academy, which I'll once again reiterate, if you're not inside of, I don't know what's wrong with you. I think the easiest way to make money in the world today is to sell information. I think selling information, if you were to tell me you're supposed to quickest way to get rich. I think providing information or because we have an attention economy, finding a way to solicit attention and then selling information is probably one of the easiest ways to make money in the world today. I like to argue that everybody knows something. So I like to challenge myself. So give me a normie job. Give me a normal job. Name a normie job. Mike can call it fake. Mike can call it boom. You're a barista. You're a barista. Now I'm going to tell you how to get rich as a barista.  because I can think that fast off the top of my head. The problem with most people in the world today is not that they do a normal thing, it's that they do a normal thing, and they don't try to be the best at it. So you could be a barista and you can just make coffees, or you could be a barista that makes the fancy coffees and can turn over all the cups and do like the tricks and all the garbage. We have a man who became a billionaire from Salt. From Salt. You can all put Salt on, he get it the best. Bam. So the first thing you need to do is get very good at making coffees. That's the first thing you need to do. Be able to do it in a fancy way. Then you need to solicit attention. When you can make coffees in a fancy way and you can hire a videographer, you can then begin to make fancy coffees in a fancy way, and you can make it look good with a finalized product and you can get a nice video made that's well cut with some fancy music and you can begin to put on one Instagram and solicit people to watch your Instagram page. Now you have attention. How do you then turn that attention into money after you began to show your fancy coffees? Well, you could let's say put together a course or an academy or write a book on the magic of coffee or the secrets of coffee. And you put a mystery on it. Don't say,  I'll teach you how to make coffee. You know, say the secrets of coffee. And you'd have a link in your Instagram page, and it would be $9, and it would tell people the secrets how to make coffee, for example. You'd start to sell that for $9. You'd make a couple hundred or a couple thousand, not too much, but you continue to make fancy coffees. People continue to go to your Instagram page, and now some of the secrets about to make coffee. Then, after people start knowing you as being a barista, you start to make these $9. You have 20, 30 thousand dollars in the bank. What you can do is want your own coffee brand. You can go to Alibaba.com, you can find some coffee beans, you can put your face on it, because your face is not a recognized brand. You can get your own coffee beans. You can begin to sell them on Instagram. Before you know you're making $10,000 or $15,000 a month, you can start to do tours. You can start to put posters on your Instagram or in your Instagram story saying, I'm gonna do master classes on how to make coffee. 20 people only, $1,000 each. At this premium barista, especially at a coffee shop in London. The coffee shop will allow you to do it free, because they want people to know, get the advertising from you and your brand. You'll charge $1,000 each. That's 20 grand for a day. They teach people how to pour milk and a cup. But you've got a coffee brand.  You go to online school, you're doing seminars, you were on nobody, you worked in Starbucks, you were a loser, you put in a little bit of effort, now you drive a Ferrari. Done. By extension, anyone who just don't drive a Ferrari is a lazy idiot. It is that easy to get rich in the world today if you actually try. Nobody tries. Instead, he'll go to work every day, make the coffees, go home, and drop off. Some people are so lazy that they will work every day instead of get rich. And they think because they're working every day that they're not lazy. I'll argue, you're exceptionally lazy because you're so lazy that instead of trying and thinking outside of the box, you now have to enslave yourself for eternity. That's how lazy you are. Nothing lazier than a man with a 9-5. Because you ain't trying. The hole in the sea lady is closing. This won't work forever, but it will work. Nothing I just told you about that could work for an electrician.  the same thing. Huge people had a wire up block. You'll make some money if you try. My online school teaches 18 modern wealth creation methods. Everything I just told you there is not actually inside the school. We have 18 other modern wealth creation methods. When you join, there's a quiz and it says, do you have money to invest? Most people say, no, do you have time. You either have money or time. You have one of the two. We'll turn your time into money or we'll turn your money into money. And you can join. Fort nine dollars a month to teach you absolutely everything. We have hundreds of thousands of students, hundreds of thousands of people who don't join. And they're just destined to lose. So you ask how can people make money? Well, let's go deeper down the rabbit hole. Let's imagine every barista who watches this now tries my idea. The winner is going to be one the person who makes the most beautiful coffee, the person who makes the most beautiful videos, the person who works the longest, who tries the hardest, who makes the most videos, who makes his nine dollars secrets of coffee book that he sells on Amazon, the best book who gets the most value in his master class, who gets the best  coffee beans for his coffee brand, and then it comes down to hard work. People say, work smart, not hard, disagree. Work smart and hard, because lots of people are working smart. If you have five people working smart and the one who works hardest, he's gonna win. I work smart and hard. Work hard on the right thing, absolutely. So there's no avoiding the hard work. This idea that you can work smart and not hard. I don't buy that. I believe you're gonna have to work hard because you have to work on the right thing and work smart first. If you don't work smart, you're not on the, you're not on the starting line. So working smart puts you on the starting line. Then you don't work hard to win the race. Because that's a light of work. People work really hard. It's absolutely good. They're not working smart. You need both. So then for all the baristas who have watched this, who've decided to take that idea, which I've given you for free, you're welcome. The one of you that works hardest is gonna be the one that makes money. And then perhaps if you make a bunch of money, you can join the war room and then you can come and speak to one of us in person. And I'll say, how did you get rich? And say, I watched your interview a lot more and I'd stopped working in Starbucks and that, that, that, that. So you're welcome to go meet a car.  For our employees, 34. Are you gonna load, Sharon Crypto? No, I'm never a lot to crypto. I just like to flip a crypto Twitter because crypto Twitter are full of the biggest degenerate losers on the planet. They're losers. Crypto is the only scenario I can think of where you can make a whole bunch of money while benefiting society zero. Even if you do something bad in a normal company, let's say you have a company and you get blood diamonds from Earth. That's bad. But you do something good. You know, you manage to make a woman happy with an engagement ring. You manage to make a security contractor happy by paying him a bunch of money to point the AKs at the children. You do something good for someone. Crypto is unique. Where somebody can take $100 and make a million dollars and benefit society zero percent. They never help anyone at any point. And they never learn any lessons along the way. If you make money, the way you've made money.  your eye made money, you learn how to speak, you learn how to deal with stress, you learn how to manage people, you learn banking, you learn taxes, you learn things. If you make a bunch of money on a crypto pump, you have learned nothing. You've learned nothing and benefited nobody. It is the lazy person's dream to buy a coin, it blow up, them be rich, with no work, no net benefit to the universe. And because the world is cyclical, because there is no light without dark, because God is just, these people always end up going broke. Because they never learn any skills. If I lost everything today, I know how to make it all back, better and faster than before, because of the lessons I learned making it the first time. These people know nothing. All they know is to gamble. So they gamble again, lose more. Barrow money, gamble again, lose more. Crypto Twitter is full of degenerate losers, and I love to play games with them, because they would love to be logical. Because they make a bunch of money. But the problem is, some people would make a bunch of money, and a bunch of others would lose money. The slow-sourcing is free money. For everyone who wins, some...  My nose must lose. If you buy a coin for a dollar and sell it for $10, someone bought it at $10. If it then goes down, the person bought it at $10 loses money. I do not want any of my fans to ever lose money in my name ever, because I don't need money, so I refuse to sell out my fans for money. I am not looking for, I will not do that. So, for that reason, I will never launch a crypto. Sometimes I say, I don't want a crypto, and I watch crypto's Twitter go into a degenerate jerk off. I have a mental breakdown about how much money they can scam from others, because they're lazy. These are lazy idiot people, and they hide behind their little cartoon display pictures, and they just want to just scam money. They don't want to do any real work. I just like to prod them, because you know, it's funny. None of them have my life, none of them have my money, none of them ever will. And the great thing about it is, I imagine one of these crypto losers became a billionaire. Say he bought a coin, everything went well, I became a billionaire, great. We have the same amount of money now, cool. I can still rip his throat up, and he's still a dork. And he still can't speak like I can speak. He still can't speak like I can speak.  can't go to the things I've been through. And he still can't get women the way I can. He still can't be respected when he walks on the street the way I am. He's still a nobody. Money won't save you. Money amplifies. If you're a nerd and you get rich, you become a mega nerd. If you're a G, you become rich, you become top G. A car is a simplest proof. If you see a tech dork pulling up an Alambo and gets out, it's a skate-a-dork, you're like, oh, super nerd. The Lambo makes him a bigger nerd. You see me get out three in the morning, you're scared. Think I'm a drug dealer or a mob boss. It amplifies. Money will not change who you are, it will amplify who you are, which means these crypto losers, the worst thing that could happen to them is that they actually get rich because then they become mega losers. You need the struggle to become a man. Only the pain will give you wisdom. You only want a crypto pump because you're scared of pain and you're scared of trouble and struggle. That's why you want a crypto pump in the first place. So.  When I talk about crypto, I'm just poking the artists, I'm just poking the audience, you know me? I'm just having fun with them. And I'll be honest, I made a bunch of money on crypto. I made a bunch of, it's not who I am, it's not my personality. I find that amazing. Anyone who's been following me for a very long time has seen some of my OG tweets. I was in Pancake at like 40 cents, and that went up to $50 or something. I made, I don't know, $67 million as a crypto. But imagine that becoming your personality. What kind of loser are you to make some money from an internet digital money, and then make it your profile picture and change your display name? My, I'm Andrew Tate. I'm a kickboxing world champion on Andrew Tate. That's who I am as a man. Imagine I became Bitcoin.Eat. Putting up a Bitcoin symbol. I'm a, yeah, I'm a Bitcoin maximalist. That's you, that's your personality, that's everything you are. I look at these crypto influencers, man. There's some of them on YouTube, during the bull run they were big.  influencer, crypto influencers. There's one guy who yells all the time, I don't know where he's from. Bitcoin isn't Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, but... Proton, you are never, ever, ever gonna have a woman who loves you. Ever. Not truly, not deep in her heart. Not ready to die for you. Not ready to shoot at the cops while you escape. You won't, I will, because I'm me. All you talk about is in the blockchain. Nobody cares. You made a bit of money. Great. Why isn't your personality get a f***ing life? Crypto Twitter is full of losers. Such losers. I would argue we could line up 10,000 of them here on the street. And I would face them all in moral combat one by one. And I guarantee I might be a little bit... Ah, breath. When the 10,000th man falls in a lifeless pile on the floor, you'll understand why I prod crypto Twitter. There are no buddies. Probably with a cigar in your mouth.  I thought it was James. Power up first. Fuck them nerds and f**king crypto influences. They're the biggest nerds of all. Biggest nerds, I wish I knew their names. This one goes with screaming. I did a video about NFTs as well, that was hilarious. There are people who spent $5 million on a JPEG rule. On a JPEG. People are trying to get me to invest in NFTs. And I said, no, I'm morally against. So you make money. I don't wanna make money that way. I wanna make money with hardship and struggle. I'm gonna run my university. I'm gonna have morning meetings with my professors. I'm gonna hold them accountable for teaching to students. How to make millions of dollars. I'm gonna have the war room. We're gonna do events. It's gonna be hard. I'm gonna manage everyone. And we're gonna put together this huge network of people who are genuinely benefiting. I don't wanna make money from buying a JPEG for a dollar. It's selling it for $2. I don't give a f**king thing about that. I refuse. People were saying to me, yo, but you don't understand, it's not just a JPEG, bro. So on the blockchain, bro. You can stay on either stand who owns it. It's my bro.  You are never gonna be loved by a woman. Ever, ever. Never will she look at you with desire? She'll look at you and go, I guess I kind of have to. It's been a few months. He does pay the rent. That's the best you can hope for with your internet coins. And this is from someone who's made money with crypto. I never sat. You know I find amazing about crypto. When I was making billions and millions of dollars with crypto, I never sat there and tried to convince anyone else. Crypto guys can't help this. I'd sit down at a table, let's say Bitcoin had just pumped and I made $20 million. So I'm going to go, what do you think about Bitcoin? I go, why if you want? That's it. You ask a crypto guy about Bitcoin. Now I'm talking to someone with over a thousand Bitcoin. If someone asks me about Bitcoin now, I have over a thousand. Someone says, what do you think about Bitcoin? I say you can buy it if you want some investment. That's the end. Ask someone with 1.4 Bitcoin about Bitcoin. Whoa! You minds number one?  He's a scammed because of blockchain, Nakamoto, Satoshi, shut the fuck up. You're broke, you're broke, you're broke, nobody cares. Buy new shoes, your shoes are all dirty, tie your shoe laces. These losers have so much to say and no money. I don't understand. Why are you trying to convince someone else to buy Bitcoin? You have no money. Go get a job, get a job. I think I don't know. I'm someone with loads of crypto and someone goes, what do you think about crypto, Satoshi? Do what you want. Because if I tell him to buy and it goes up, they won't give me any money. And if it goes down, they'll cry their eyes out. So why am I even talking to this person? Don't do it. Do what you want. Make your own decisions, you're a full grown man. Whenever I see a broken, where was I? I was in, I think it was Miami. And I had one of these Bitcoin conventions or something. Crypto things. And I was in my blackout escalade with my private security with their guns.  Of course. And I knew it was going on. I was like, just pull up outside. We're driving around Miami. We pulled up outside. And I just sat there for like five minutes watching the people go in. Imagine this. Imagine you're watching this right now, and you're in your Bitcoin dork. And you went to, at a bend in Miami, about a year and a half ago. You might have only been a few meters away from top G. I might have been watching you. You're walking in and out, and I was sitting in that black escalade looking out the tinted window. I just looked at all these people, and I just thought, I'm losing. I'm losing. I'm losing. I'm losing. I'm losing. Let's go guys. I'm losing. So that's another. Yeah. That's another. Sorry, crypto Twitter. You know what the funniest thing is? I'm all done with these nerds. The funniest thing is this. The best thing a crypto dork could do if he made money would be investing himself. Because he's a nerd with money now, right? So look at Zuckerberg. He's doing jujitsu, he's training. He's realizing that money cannot make up.  for all his obvious deficiencies, so he has to invest in himself. The problem is, crypto has made the money so easily. They're not used to struggle or hardship, so they're not even able to invest in themselves. If I was a crypto-dork and I made money, I would message me, Andrew Tate and say, I'm a loser, but I'm super rich. I'll pay you a million dollars a day to teach me how to speak like you and teach me how to fight and make me train. Please. But they haven't even got the self. They're not even smart enough to look at themselves in a mirror and realize that's what they should do with the money. You know what they'll do with the money? Buy a car, buy a Gucci t-shirt, says Gucci, Gucci. Then they'll buy an NFT so they can brag to their other nerds. I've got the board ape, 3.2 board. No, life. Then they'll hire some hookers, stiff some coke, then they'll spend it all. Then they'll try and gamble again. They would have invested in themselves, at least they become somebody, a greater character in the video game of life. We're living in a simulation of a greater care-  but come a superhero. As the levels of life go on, the bosses get harder and harder to beat. That's why you have to upgrade your character. That's the whole point of it. No, nerds. I will never launch a crypto ever for that reason, because I don't wanna make you do these dorks. Also another reason I'm not done. I'm not stopping you. Whether you have hundreds of billions of dollars, you're not interested in these super huge pumps. Super huge pumps are for brokeies. I'm happy to buy Bitcoin and make a 10% return. If I put 100 million, make a 10% return, it's fine. Why would I take a risk? The only reason these people want to turn $100 into a million is because they're poor, which means they have to take the biggest gambles. I don't need the gamble. I'm a Bitcoin eat. I'm done. I need to get this junk. So I will never launch a coin. I will never sell out my fans. We have the real world which teach you how to make money for real. We have the war room, which will give you the mask and brotherhood you need to resist depression. That is it. I don't know, intellectual things. So we've talked about cars.  money and watches and assets. We've talked about crypto and all of this goes around to me thinking there's one way that trumps all of them that you've made money and it's also how I've made a few hundred million pounds in sales and that is through speaking, through your voice, your energy, your personality that you articulate in such a way that you can move hearts and minds and create a movement and get people to change and pay you for that change. A transfer of energy from where they were to where they want to go, an inspiring them to see a better future and when people can see a better future in themselves they'll pay the person who can take them there. That's made you maybe that's made you the billionaire. Yes, you're right it has.  But I would argue that it's struggle that made me a billionaire, because it's struggle that told me the lessons. And then I learned to articulate the lessons in a way people can understand. So that's the vehicle. Yeah, struggle's always been the vehicle for me. Right. If you want to get... It's the struggle, the engine. Yes. You know what's the perfect example? If you watch any... I've noticed this. It's an observation of mine. If you watch any superhero movie, bad things happen to it. Then it becomes a superhero. Every time that man's parents died, he gets to become a superhero. So I think that's pretty obvious to the masculine frame. Bad things have to happen to you for you to become a superhero. But then bad things have to happen. But that brightens my people. And you have to figure out how to turn that into good. Correct. Absolutely. And that's also why you have to be hard on yourself. But that's also why you need to see bad things as a blessing, because they're the building blocks to make you the man you want to be. When people say to me, this bad thing happens to me. I said, good.  That's my that's my instant response. Discard left me good. I lost all my money good What do you mean good good? This is your chance to take all of that negative emotion all of those building blocks and Turn yourself into a man that prevents these bad things happening to them ever again Now of course you have to have the agency to do that. You're right if you're gonna be broken by it then you're gonna fail But bad things are certainly a blessing. I believe that's how God teaches I would actually argue that men only learned your pain. I think we only learned that way I don't think men know how to learn the easy way. I can speak for myself How many times a men are men are pretty simple? Well, we'll cheat on our girl and almost loser and we'll cheat on our girl and almost lose or we'll cheat on our girl No, most loser and we'll cheat on our girl and we'll cheat on our girl and she'll leave. We'll be like oh We had our chances We won't take them. This is how we are. We'll drive that car and almost crash a hundred times It's only after we plow it into a tree that will learn a lesson You know we have our bold mates whenever things are going well. We know  I have to really thrash it out. We only thrash it out when things are not going well. That's always, always. That's how we are. We learn through pain and suffering, which is why God gives it to us, because God is here to teach us. God is like a father and a father teaches you, I believe, through pain. If a dad wants to teach you how to ride a bike, he puts you on the bike, let you fall off and get hurt, put you back on the bike. Over and over and over until you can ride the bike. God does the same thing. You don't get the lessons you want, you get the lessons you need. Absolutely agree. So I believe that bad things happening to you are a fantastic thing. I believe you need to be strong enough to deal with them and then articulate them. I do find it amazing that a lot of people can't speak well. I find that truly amazing. If you don't have the ability to project your thoughts to other people, I don't know how you're going to be successful in life. The reason I refuse to learn other languages, because I haven't learned English yet, those words I don't know, and English is the most profitable language for me to know. So I'm going to learn English. If I want to spend time learning a language, I'll read the English dictionary. I'm not going to learn other languages to start in a good dummy. But there are people who have been speaking English their entire life and they came and speak it. It's actually...  a pet peeve of mine. You know when you said earlier about being rich allows you to say no, I'm going to be very honest, I am the worst person to pitch to. I get people trying to pitch me for business and I'm the worst because if you're a vegan, no. You turn up at a Prius or a Tesla, no. I don't think against Tesla. Don't ban me Elon. But if somebody cannot project their ideas to me succinctly, I instantly dislike them because maybe I have ADHD, maybe I'm too busy, I don't know what it is, but I don't have time for your arms and arms. I don't have time for it. So if I'm sticking to meeting and somebody goes, um, so we're going to start with, um, and this is how people speak. You're a full grown man and you can't finish a sentence without saying, um or, uh, and the only language you know, you've been speaking it for 14 years. It bothers me. It's a pet.  That people might have irks me. Occasionally we make a step spine, whatever. But if you actually listen to most people speak, that's how most people communicate with the world. You wonder why you can't convince a girl to sleep with you. Um, um, you're so nice. Um, dummy. dummy. You're dummy. No one can make any money. Ha, ha, ha, you're an idiot. This is people that are on their way through life. It bothers me. When people come to pitch me, if they say, I'm a raw too much in the first sentence. It's over. Sorry, sir. When you learn to talk English, when you learn to speak, I might give you another chance. Good bye. So you're right. The ability to project the thoughts inside of your mind in a way that other people can digest and is also entertaining is massively a superpower. How do you develop that superpower? It's not through practice. People think it's practice. Practice doesn't make perfect because, because you can practice really bad habit and get really good at a really shit thing. Absolutely.  Yeah. The person who ums and ahs at 48 has been practicing his whole life. He's practiced just fine. He's been great. He's great. Feedback is what's important. You have to analyze. I'll give you an example. When I was playing chess as a kid, I would play chess for two hours a day, training under my father. One hour would be played, one hour would be going back through the games and analyzing the games. I always enjoyed playing, but I hated analyzing. But it was the analysis that made me better. And I can prove that now, because when I was eight or nine, I think my rating was around 1500. Now I've been playing Blitz. I play three minute chess online. For 20 years, ever since I was a child, and my rating is 1700. I've gotten no better in 20 years, because I don't watch my games back. I don't analyze them. I don't look where I made mistakes. I just play.  That's the problem. So when people speak, they just speak. They don't watch themselves back. I'm going to watch this podcast 10 times. I'm going to identify every single time I started or made a mistake or didn't use the word I should have used. And then people are going to ask me, how do I speak the way I speak? Why do my podcasts get the most used? Because I'm a professional. And I'm going to do something. I'm going to do it properly. That's why most people will do a podcast, not to sit there and not to talk shit. And then they'll finish it. They'll go on with their broky day. It'll be a broky. But it's very interesting what you said about speech, because that also ties back to my current predicament. This is the first time in my adult life I can't use my superpower, because my superpower is talking. If you were to put me in front of someone and give me an hour to convince them that I could rip out their throat with my little finger, I guarantee by the end they'd be afraid. We both know I probably couldn't. But by the end, part of them would think.  He's competent. He's competent. I can't talk in court because I don't speak Romanian. It's very weird for me. I became acutely aware of my superpower because I'm going through this process and my lawyer is talking blah blah. And I'm like, why am I so frustrated with all of this? And one day it dawned on me, ah, I don't get to talk. When I get to talk, this is how much of a superpower speaking is. When I get to talk, it's fine. I could have talked the ocean out, freezing me to death on the Titanic. I could have literally said, listen, bro. I'm not sure it's Picasso. Well, I'm going to ram my mouth. And I would have warmed up for me. I'm that guy. I can't talk now. So it's very frustrating. So it's interesting you say how it's a superpower. It certainly is because I've even realized it in this current predicament. I mean, how important it is to be able to speak. When you've lost it because you've lost it, like if you lost it. I have. That's right, exactly because I've lost it. And the fact there are people going through the world today who want to be successful.  And want to have all these amazing things, and they only speak English, and they communicate in English, and they try and get other people to understand their ideas in English. And they can't speak English. Born to lose. Born to lose. On a recent live, I did. I was just a f***ing lot of people off because I said that ADHD doesn't exist. Okay. Do you think ADHD exists as a concept? Or do you think it's something sold to us by a big farmer? I don't think it exists. I agree with you. And I'm going to say there may be some very extreme examples of somebody who may have ADHD, but like everything in the world today now, it's been so massively overprescribed that it's lost all meaning. Like we talked about rape earlier. Overacuse loses meaning. ADHD is overprescribed, lost all meaning, along with basically every mental illness. It's overprescribed, so it means nothing anymore. I want to show ones about a kid, I don't think he had ADHD, maybe.  He did, or maybe he had autism, I don't know what he had, something. And he had to walk down the stairs in a particular order, skip the first step, hop on the second step, turn backwards, walk three steps, some weird order for his stairs. If he didn't, when he'd go in the car, he'd have a temper tantrum and his parents had to take him back in for him to walk the stairs. And I remember sitting with a girl there saying, this is garbage. That kid needs discipline. And the woman said to me, oh, baby, as ADHD, maybe as all tells them you don't understand everything you're not. So I said, character, you're not a therapist, look at the blood. And I turned her and said, I have never seen an African child who has to walk 10 miles for water doing the walk twice because they missed a step. Ever. If it was a disease, that's exactly what you'd see. You'd see African kids walking backwards and doing the hop and doing the walk twice because they missed a step. Never seems to happen, does it? So it's not a disease, it's it. It's idiot parents with a spoiled kid. I would argue that ADHD.  pretty much the same in most cases. Oh he doesn't want to listen he has ADHD. No. You have no control of your child. That's the first thing. The second thing, of course he has ADHD. When he's sitting on a tablet playing video games all day and now he has to go to school and read a boring book. He's bored as I would be. Of course he is. The only thing that's going to keep him doing something that bores him is discipline and you don't discipline your little kid. So now we have the ADHD. You're a crap parent. How about that? I would have loved. I would have loved to tell my father that I can't play chess because I have ADHD. I would have loved. Did you know the best best? The reaction. Because there were times I didn't want to play chess but I had to play chess because I understood that there are some forces of nature which you cannot argue again.  When a hurricane comes, there's not much you can do. And when your father says to play chess, there's not much you can do besides okay, unless you want to be destroyed. So I understood. I would have loved to see his reaction that I have ADHD, a teacher says I have ADHD. Bro, I don't know if I'd be sitting here alive. But I was raised in a disciplinary household. And I would love for my children to try that crap with me. Try it. I guarantee my kids will have ADHD. I'll stay here on camera. I won't allow them to. I won't allow them to. Now, like I said, I'm sure there's extreme examples. But I think most of it is just overdiagnosed lack of discipline. Like everything else in the world. Thyroid. No. Overdiagnosed lack of discipline. That's all it is. Depression. No. Overdiagnosed lack of discipline. Discipline will fix your thyroid issue because you'll stop shove and cake down your face. And discipline will fix your depression because you'll become such a monumentally successful person you don't depressed anymore.  I know fix your ADHD because you do what you're supposed to do not because you want to do it not because you're motivated to do it But because you have to do it. So you're going to do it. That's how it works That's what is we lack discipline in the world today And there are certain nations where they don't lack discipline and for some reason all of these illnesses don't exist They're an illness. Why are they not universal across the human condition? Why could the kids in China go to school and listen in school? But the kids in America can if it's a disease Genuine question to all the psychiatrists who are making a bunch of money and big pharma who are making a bunch of money Someone answer me. Why can the Chinese kids listen to the teacher? And why can't the American kids listen to the teacher if it's a disease that comes in? I'll tell you why Could get your ass whooped in one place and the other you won't I remember I love my father who on my heart, but I remember his favorite his favorite saying was so brutally simple He's a frustrate me when all this young, but it was true. I don't negotiate with children done  Can I have this candy? No. Why? I don't negotiate with children. And if I asked to go to my ass kicked, that was it. Now I'm a full grown man. I think yeah, I don't negotiate. Imagine me negotiating with a kid. 12 jeans, a child here. If you're good, if you're good today and you don't make a mess, I'll give you some candy. I need to go to a business deal with a six-year-old. I'll do a business deal with a toddler. Like a dummy. If you want to sleep in a house and you want to eat food, you're going to do as I say because I raise you. And people can come along and call me all these names. Well, I know he does is bad. All I'm talking about is the basic discipline that everyone had only 20 years ago. We built the pyramids. We went to the moon. We built New York City and Mumbai and Tokyo and conquered the entire world with discipline. We did find the kids became adults and everything was okay. Telling a kid it's not in charge of you. Just not damaged the kid. Just new world thing.  because that the kids in charge of the parent. Well, the kid feels and the kid thinks, the kid is six. I don't get the shit. What the kid feels and thinks, the kid is six. I have 37. I am smarter. So no, and I do not negotiate with children. They will obey me blindly. And you know what, some liberal idiot is gonna take this clip and I'm gonna put it on Twitter. It's an Anderson, there's a Thursday, and Andrew, and then you'll just get bigger. Now get bigger, like a dummy. And I cannot wait because the world is cyclical. God is just for the day to come. When their little loser offspring with their huge list of mental illnesses is failing in life in 30 years from now. And little Andrew Tate is driving his Bugatti, one of 10. And his little loser offspring get to look at my winner offspring. And perhaps if I'm still alive and that liberal idiot is still alive, I can inbox.  someone to enter and say, you failed as a parent. Don't you? Ah, I'm petting you. I have to do that. So I'll love you. How many kids you have? I'm just confidential. But the amount you say is not putting any of them in any risk, is it? Depends. What if they want to annihilate my entire bloodline? Well, but the more kids you have the harder that is, the more correct. And if they don't know how many there are, the harder. Is it more than five? More than five. Is it more than 10? I can't give you any more information than that. Well, I respect that. I've still got to do much. Bye. It's fine. Yeah. It's fine. But yeah, you know, because perhaps after they assassinate me, they might go for the future savior of Earth. It's like John Connor. Is that why you're having so many kids? Because the bloodline.  The Tate certainly. This is an interesting conversation. We might disagree on this one. I think it's the masculine imperative to have as many kids as possible. I think the only reason men don't have a bunch of kids with a bunch of women is because they're afraid of they're woman getting mad at them and yelling at them. I think that men, if you were to be honest with yourselves in the mirror, you would say, I want a bunch of kids with a bunch of beautiful women. But they don't because they mean one woman who they love, which is fine. And they know that they have more than one woman to have kids from. They have kids outside of the mirror just going to upset their wife, which is fine. I'm not hating on them. I'm saying that. It's not what they want. They're allowing the woman's feelings to trump their biological imperative, which again is fine. But then you have to sit and think, is my bloodline and my biological imperative and my offspring and my dynasty less important than the feelings of a crying woman?  and who I pay her bills anyway. I don't know, is it? But in a thousand years, your bloodline will be gone. Or in a million years your bloodline will be gone. Or in a hundred million years your bloodline will be gone. Takes will always exist into a turning, masters of IKIDO. And I will make sure that is true. So, as a man, you have to weigh up, you have to sit and say, okay, I want as many children as possible from beautiful women because I want to recreate as much as possible because that's my masculine imperative. However, it's going to upset the woman who I love. So, I'm going to allow her feelings to be more important than my dynasty. I understand why most men make that decision. But then, you have to sit and say, well, perhaps if you're in a situation where you're a billionaire and you can financially take care of all these children and all these families. And perhaps, if you believe that you're going to raise the children to resist the matrix and they're going to be future freedom fires, perhaps you're having as many as possible as even more important. Perhaps now it's actually imperative that it is more important than the female's feelings, even if the woman has mental break.  Now even she cries her right out. Even she says, why do you have kids on all those chicks? Why is she pregnant again? I have to save the world. So do you? Okay, so I get that. So the wives and the girlfriends, do they all know this is what you're doing? Well, they're watching this. Is it? I love you. Come, it's... It's... I'm talking hypothetically. No, you know. I have to. You know, I'm saying, would I be a man in my heart if I allowed a woman's feelings to try to trump my biological incentives and my ability to save humanity into the future and my dynasty and my bloodline because one woman whose bills I pay is gonna get sad about it. What...  is the logical decision as a man. Baby, it's okay. You're my favorite. Yeah, she has a kid, but you're my favorite. Here's Bentley. You know? The problem is, this is basically all women's fault because women are slow. If men grew babies, it would take two weeks. Nine months to make a single baby. And you're worried about me having someone else. Well, if you would get it done, if you gave me one awake, we'd be fine. That's 52 a year. That's enough. If you're gonna tell me that across five years, the best I'm gonna get is three little babies. Sounds like a skill issue. Are you getting a fight, Jack Pohl? Nah, come on. It would be interesting. It should have happened four years ago when I first called him out, but I have other fights going on, unfortunately.  Okay, so let's say you could get out of Romania and there's a logistical way you could fight Jake Paul. Would you fight Jake Paul? Or Logan Paul? Or Jake and Logan, you and Tristan? I'd say Jake and Logan same night. You know what? It's kind of... You must be tempted. But then tempted for what? I don't need money. I don't need fame. I'm the A side. I'm more famous than them. I'm richer than them. Jake's actually a nice guy. I have to think it's Jake. I don't know Logan. I spoke to Jake. I know that's going to sound crazy. My credentials are based on my physical capability and they exist. Optile about three or four years ago because I did a video calling out Jake Paul three or four years ago. Optile about three or four years ago, I still walked around on the street by myself. And I knew that I could deal with 99% of problems myself. But then something changed and I'm not sure what it was. I don't know if I'm getting up.  I don't know what it was, but now I kind of see fighting as below me, and I'm glad I did it, and it's a huge part of my personality, and I'm glad I can still do it, make no mistakes. I can still do it. But now I think, I mean, now I don't go anywhere without five armed goons. I just feel like, I don't maybe, I'm a billionaire now, my hands are clean, I just shoot it, just, you know, I can't explain. Something's changed mentally. It's like the mafia mentality's changed. I've gone from the hitman to the guy who calls to hits. That's how I feel. And every time people mention this fight, they say, you can make $10 million. And I just think, oh, maybe I yesterday, I didn't even get out of bed. 10 million to train. It's too because, bros, it's pennies to me. It's way more worth it. But I think you can make it a lot more of it. Yeah, of course I could, and I'd spark them, but I feel like it gives them more credibility that it gives me. Yeah, but didn't.  You say earlier, you like to be out of the thing what other people can't. So wouldn't there just be some pleasure in it? It's superior. Of course, but when you've had 80 something fight, so I mean, it's not like I haven't done there, I've been there, done it. It's not completely off the table, but as things currently stand with my matrix attack, the fact I'm gonna end up back in jail, the fact that I want my car collection back, I want my money back. This is another five. I've got three or four years of legal boughs to worry about. And then by then I'll be with 42. I think just the divine timing wasn't right. If it wasn't for this matrix attack, 100% would have happened, I think. I think it would have happened this year. But the matrix attack came and it is what it is. But I dealt with against Jekyll and Rune Nice Guy Love. I don't know, and he's C-Spoke, but he's just jettin' some more relevant than him. And that's why. So Jordan Peterson called you reprehensible. Oh! And the only loose. Wait, stop, wait, wait. I only lose. What, my fork is broken, please. I only lose this love Andrew Tate.  Oh my heart is broken up. No, not Jordan, not Jordan, not Jordan Peterson. Never clean in my room again. Give a shit, who cares? I don't watch any, you know what I find really great. These nerds, both conservatives and the role like, they make videos, try to like take me down. I think it's so funny, imagine spending four hours editing a video, but no, I don't have to have to have to. I don't watch it, I'm busy. I don't know what they say, and I don't care, and I don't watch it. I have no idea what they say, I don't mean. Cool. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, I have nothing against Jordan. I'm not emotional about these things. I generally have nothing against Jordan. I could sit and argue with Jordan. I could enter the cage and beat the shit out of him, or I could shake his hand and be his best friend. Whatever you want, I'm sorry, I'm here. What do you want to do, friend? Hi, Jordan, you want to fight to the death? Where do you want to speak on the same stage on the same side?  or do you want a debate or what do you want? I'm not emotional about this. Like, there's no big deal to me. Could a good far a debate between you to be something that would be a challenge? I think it would be boring. Because I think we agree on most things. I think we agree on everything. And I don't think there'd be a debate because we don't actually disagree. The only disagreement is that I think, and again, this is as someone who's watched very little of his work, but I see clips, et cetera. He's very intelligent and speaks from a philosophical thought point of view. I think he's very in his mind. There's a lot of thinking. And I am very action based and there's a lot of action. I feel like if there's a problem, and his answer will be to think certain ways, and my answer will be to do certain things. I always believe in action of everything. I don't believe in stopping and thinking and reading a book from a psychiatrist and pondering why I decided to fuck that girl. Okay, good, well, go out, get chicks. Move, get to it. So I feel like he's far more thought based on far more.  action based perhaps we could argue about the methods towards success for that reason. But all in all, I think we agree on most things. The only thing I've ever genuinely disagreed with him about was his tweet on Israel. And Ben Shapiro, I thought, now he reaches the keyboard. He must have a boot, he's down here somewhere, he's a booster seat. He's typing. Go to war, go to war, he has got to war. But he's such a nerd. Both of them were the things they said about Israel, I thought were reprehensible. That's the only time Jordan said anything I truly disagreed with. Do I think, I'm going to let him off here. Do I think he's evil? No, I think he just emotionally reacted to a situation without thinking. And I think he understands how it looks and he regrets it and we all make mistakes. So I don't hold it against him. But I have nothing against Jordan Pearson. I think if you listen to Jordan Pearson, you're going to be a better person overall. He probably dislikes me. And I understand why he doesn't.  He does like me because he thinks, oh, he was a pin. Pupu-pupu. You know what's funny? We'll talk about this whole thing. I'm from a Luton council estate. My neighbor's house got raided for drugs like four times. People around me were stabbed to death. The cars in the car park of my school, the teachers' cars, were set on fire. Most of the people I went to school with are in jail, or soul drugs, or murdered people. I'm from the lowest echelon of society in the UK. Before that, I grew up in Gary, Indiana, the murder capital of America. My mother and father split up, I moved England on my own, single mother household raised on the council's estate. Everyone watches top boy, everyone watches these shows, where people from this socioeconomic background sell drugs. Everyone gets this, fine. When you're from the bottom, you have to find a way out. The way I found out, the way I found out, the way I found out, the way I found out, the way I found out,  Didn't rob houses, didn't break into cars, didn't sell drugs. Didn't do any of the horrible things that everyone does every single day. What did I do? Was drive traffic to web pages for girls who were already doing only fans and web cameras. Like a dork, like a nerd, I found a technical way to drive traffic to web pages and escape the ghetto. Without mugging anybody, without grabbing anyone out and putting a knife to their throat, nothing. Then these morally pure white picket-fence middle-class conservatives who grew up in a household where there was always food on the table, who never seen strung, sit and say, he's a bad person. If you're from the streets, you'd understand, I've done nothing compared to what I could have done. And the fact that they attack me for it shows how detached they are from reality. And that is why they'll never have to fan base I have, because I can speak to the-  people at the top and the bottom. If you're gonna sit there being raised in a happy middle-class household with food on the table and two Christian parents who love each other very much, getting read little bedtime stories, and then you wanna sit and tell people from the streets they shouldn't ever drive traffic to a website to escape the ghetto, then you sound like an idiot. Think what I had to do to get out. Daisy sold crack to get out. Now he's a rapper. Who holds that against him? It's worse than driving traffic to a website I would argue. Nobody. They're just jealous of my monumental success, but there's no light without dark. The reason I'm monumentaly successful is because I had to go through those times. That's why they dislike me. That's why Jordan says Andrew is rep... I'm just gonna tell you I can sit here all day. And now I think you probably could have swam. There's always someone who's been like, fun or fun? Give me your name. Give me your name. Nah. But um, let's do some quick fight.  Sure, um Okay, what shocks you about your rise to infamy? I wouldn't say anything shocked me about it That's a very good question Am I arrogant to think it was always gonna happen and I deserve it? No, I deserve it because I'm so great by deserve it because I'm brave enough to help other people I think God gave it to me because I'm here to help other people I genuinely believe God gave it to me so that I could run tape pledge calm and feed Starvy children help people escape the matrix before the whole of the cloud saves this closes safe people from depression might Explain to them that nobody cares. I believe I have a purpose. I believe that's why it was given to me I think it's interesting now that I Feel like fame has changed. I don't feel like there's very many famous people anymore You know in the 90s or the 80s Hulk Hogan was famous Hulk Hogan He was everywhere Yeah, Michael Jackson everywhere. I feel like  Maybe I'm one of the last true superstars. I look at, I think, who's this famous as me? And I can't think of anyone. But you can name a rapper. And I guarantee if that rapper walked down the street in Mumbai or Bucharest or Tokyo, he'd get approached less than me. Maybe in America, he might be known. But like, global, I can't go anywhere. I can't go anywhere without being swamped. Anywhere, I was in Slovenia when that video was made with thousands of people on the Bugatti. I can't go anywhere. I don't know if anyone's even famous anymore. But I feel like I've only got it to try and help people. I think that's what I have to do. That's why I have to tell the truth. I'm not shocked by how I've been attacked for it. I guess the true answer is I'm shocked. I'm still here. I'm shocked that I haven't got rid of me yet. I am shocked by that. Well, if you were to ask me before I was famous, how long can you be famous and really tell the truth? I would have said, because I'm professional. I was at how famous? I was famous man in the world.  Tell the truth to everybody, especially the military age males, the number one demographic they need to sigh up to die an army and to work their ass off as the back one to slave force while having no rights. I would have said a couple months, there's no way they're gonna let me, they're gonna let you for years, just talk and wake up people's minds, once they're awake they ain't going back. And they would have said how do you get rid of my brother to say we're you deleting from everything, what if he doesn't get deleted, will you put him in jail, what if he gets out of jail when then you kill him? I'm surprised I'm still here, surprise we're filming, it's been years now. Everything's a lie, it's all a lie, don't believe it. Everything they tell you is a lie. Money doesn't work the way they tell you it works, school doesn't work the way they tell you it works, the things they tell you to do to get rich, like get a mortgage and just pay that off after pay off for your student debts, never gonna make you rich, everything about geopolitics is a lie, we don't need to kill all the people in Yemen for no reason, it's all a lie.  It's all an attack on your masculine needs, all a lie. They haven't killed me yet! How do you show love? To... To a girlfriend, to my brother, to my children, how? To the world, to myself? Yeah, I have to say I thought that was a good question. It was a good question. You're proving that you're useless about one. I'm just a professional, sir. I like to have specifics to work with. Yeah, sometimes. Or you do an hour's of RAM. I can start! Yeah, start ranting if you like! Then I'll just go through them all. No, no, no. I didn't think it in that context, and I'm going to. Not girlfriend, not brother. How do you show love to... Friends and family. I think you...  show love. No, no, no, how do you? Okay. I show love to friends and family by being brutally competent. I think a man who is not useful isn't ever going to be loved. And I think you have to give love to receive love. For me to love someone, I want them to love me. For them to love me, I have to be useful as a man. I think men that are not useful are not loved by anybody, whether it's their girlfriend or society or other men. If I had a brother and I said to him, I need help with this. And he said, don't know, can't tired. Well, then what's the point you? If you give a good, if a wife asked her husband to fix a problem and he goes, don't know, can't tired, she wouldn't love him anymore. Youthless men, men who are not useful are not loved. As a man, you're never truly loved for who you are. You're loved for how useful you are. And don't lie to you about this, especially women. I'd love you even if you were a useless loser. And why aren't you with a useless loser? You always seem to be with the winner. Isn't that funny? You're loved for how useful you are. So if I want to show love to  my friends and family, I want them to love me, which means I have to be ultimately useful. That's how I show love. And you say how you show love to women? Yeah, I'm the guy people call when they have a problem. If you end up with one phone call, whether your kid naped, arrested, trapped under rubble, whatever it is, and you can call one person you call and you take. If you have my number, if you're fortunate enough, you call me, I'm the problem's over. They love me. I'd love people who could fix all my problems. If I had a number, I could call you or to this matrix attack. I'd love that guy too. Of course. I fix everyone's issues. If you need $10 million, you call me. So for that reason, I'm loved. And the way I can show love to them is always being able to fix their problems. If you're a man and you love the people around you, you better get a strong and rich and competent as possible to show it. If you're a weak, useless man, how can you even show love? Hugs? You're weak and useless. They don't want your hugs. You're slimy.  If you're a man and you want to show love to people, you need to show it through competence. I don't know how a man who has no constitution about him can even show love. Because that's how love is shown. Love is shown via protection, physical, protection, which can be helping them make the right decisions, which comes from wisdom. Finance, you show love by giving the money so they're protected. My woman will not have the way out. A stopper should be attacked, should get picked up by armed guards in a Rolls Royce. All that to requires my competence to show love. If I was incompetent, how could I even show love? Hold hands, hug. Problem with that is... Do you hug people? Of course, but the problem is with a hug from a guy without competence. Isn't scarce, it's not rare. It's an idiot. Well, it's not easy to pick the one you're in the G out of here. And it's easy to find. And it's only the scarcity of something that gives it value. If you're a normal dude, the biggest problem you have is that...  Your woman's clearly fine-fucking normal dudes. Memes, you better watch out when she goes to order a KFC bucket because she's gonna order from a normal dude. You might give her a smile. She's got those cheesy, the fuck. Extra little packet of ketchup. Before he knows she's on her back. I don't have to worry about that. It's happy. I don't have to worry about that because there's no one on my esth salon. My woman can, my woman can go through life for the next 20 years, interacting with dudes and shopping malls, whatever. And it's just like, you're not Andrew, you're not Andrew, you're not Andrew, you're not Andrew, you're not, there's no one else up here on the top of the mountain. So, but I show love to her by being that guy. So if you're a man and you wanna show love to the people around you, you need to get up and become important and strong and rich. And if you don't have the motivation to do that, then you don't even love the people around you. You don't love yourself or anyone else. That's how I show love. I show love to the people who I care about by always being the person who can help them when they need, which means I need to get up and train. I need to get up and work. I need to make a bunch for money.  More connections, more important friends, more houses, more everything. That's how your show love is a man. I don't see how useless men even show love. I can't think of a way. Now, as a thought experiment, if I was a useless man, how would I show love? And there's no possible way, because you can flutter with messages. That's what useless men usually do. Flutter with messages, flutter with time. But your time has no value. So it doesn't matter if I give you a 10 million useless pesos, they're useless. This is what a man don't understand. It's kind of interesting. When you become ultra important, your time is super valuable. So my time is, I know England hates me, but you know what? The British pound sterling is still the best-looking money. My time's the British pound sterling. One pound. If I give her an hour a month, it has value. But if you're Zimbabwean dollars or whatever they had, it's Zimbabwean pounds, I think it's pounds.  Your currency is completely valueous. You can give her a million hours. It doesn't mean anything because you're not important. This is what unimportant men don't understand. They're like, I text you all the time. I send you flowers. I message you. I hug you. I flinch your phone. I tell you how much I love you and you just left me for that guy. He doesn't even reply because his one reply is worth a million hours of your replies because you're a nobody. So even your attention has no value when you're useless and you have nothing else to give. So what can you? How can you show love as a man and you don't have competence? I can't even think of how you can show it. That would be actually a terrible existence to love people and not be able to show it. But if you truly love them, you wouldn't stay useless and maybe you don't love anyone. Maybe you're just an empty shelf in the matrix. Maybe you're a slave. Part of the AI machine. Time to get your QR code. Stamp on your forehead. Interesting. If you love anybody or anything, you're going to become important. Even if you love your town, you'll learn to fight. You love your city. You'll join you on whatever love is the bottom love is the driver for all masculine.  achievement and competence, love. So I'm a man full of love. By extension, by approval competence is nothing other than proof of how love filled I am. What's the story you've never told or a secret you've never shared? I got robbed in Moscow, but they were told the story. I've never told this one. Let me think. Nothing so. I got robbed in Moscow. So when was it? What happened? And I like Russia and I like Russians, but it's the first time I went to Moscow. Three years ago, four years ago. So do I tell this story? Yeah, right. Everything starts as women, doesn't it? Man, there's such an attack vector. So I'm talking to this chick on Instagram. Blah blah blah. I'm ignoring her. She keeps messaging me all the time. Come Russia, come Russia, come Russia. I'm like, no, I'm not coming Russia off what things to do. Then like seven other baddies from  Russia started messaging me and everyone wants me to go to Russia. But why do all these hot girls want me to go to Russia? Why everyone wants me to go to Russia? This sounds like a setup. Something right. But I'm glad I can go to Russia. I can't get a visa anyways, too much work. Then the football game came. There was some football thing. I think it was a FIFA, I don't know, football, Euro game. Something it was in Moscow. And if you ball a ticket, you instantly go to a visa to go to Russia. So it's like, this is the easiest a visa's ever gonna be. Do I go? And then I looked up and I found a game. I think it was like Poland versus Korea or something. It was like six euros. This ticket to this game. It was like a six-year-old Russian visa with no work. Okay, but I'm gonna be on my game because I don't trust this. They're after me, the agents. So I buy this ticket, I get my visa. I fly to Moscow. I booked the Kupinski in advance, the Kupinski hotel. Because I think by Santa Feister Hotel, I'll be okay. I landed at the airport, I've got my bag. I'm gonna go to walk out, guy in a yellow vest goes taxi.  taxi. So, yep, taxi. I go to get in taxi and he starts walking towards the civilian car park. And this has happened to me a lot of times in New York. It happened to me, in Bolivia, even in Romania, it happens sometimes. People will pretend to be taxis, but they're not taxis and they try to get to their car. I'm like, no, no, I want an official taxi. I'll get in your car. I'm a taxi. I was like, no, no, no, no, been around. Goodbye. Turn around, start walking back to the taxi. Hey, how many Zelovese runs up? He goes, okay, okay, okay. And he points at this yellow car that said taxi in the taxi rank taxi. And he goes, says something to him in Russian, blah, blah, blah. And he goes, okay, here's taxi, sorry, taxi. Guy gets out in the taxi driver. Tax driver gets out. He's like six foot, 130 kilo, Mongolian, wrestler. Get out. Because I can get from here. Yeah, exactly. Zang Lee gets out. And because this is how my mind works, I look at him up and down and look at it taken. Be messy. I'll be all right, but it'll be messy. So he gets out. He opens the trunk. I'll sure see my bag in the trunk. Back in the trunk. Get in the back in the car.  starts driving down the highway in Russia. And he has his phone as the meter, which is the first suspicious thing. And his phone is up there and this number of Russian rubles is going through the fucking roof. I'm like, how much is the Russian rubles? I don't even know. So I get my phone out and I turn on the data and I get my text message. How I data is 25 pounds a megabyte. Oh my god, cool, whatever. How much is the Russian rubles? And I worked out, I've been in this car for four minutes and I owe $600 in taxi. So there's no way that's the taxi fare. So we're driving down the highway at speed and I'm like, brother, this is fake, this is a scam, bro. And this is the weirdest experience in my life. I've met, he totally ignored me. But what can you do? He's driving the car. And people don't ignore me when I talk. So this big man's driving the car and I've tapped him on the shoulder saying, you're trying to rob me. I'm like, bro, you're trying to rob me, stop the car. And he's just like, he's totally ignoring me driving the car. So I'm like,  What? I don't want to hit him, but I guess I kind of had to, so I shoved him so the car moved a bit. And said, stop the fucking car. I'm all paying this. I don't have the money. I don't have the money. Bro, I've been around long enough. I know a killer when I see one. And he turned around and looked at me dead in the eye. This man's killed someone. I swear to God. Because I have that look. So I know when I see it. I think someone that know one, he looks at me dead in the eye, looks back, gets the phone, dials a number, hands me the phone. Because you guys see that speaking English. Hey, the phone. I said, hello, it's the first guy who tried to take me to the car. He goes, you want a taxi? That's like, bro, I don't even have this money on me. So I don't know what you expect to happen. Because I don't have this money on me. You want a taxi? Pay the fare. I said, bro, I can't pay it. I don't have it. Tell him to stop at the nearest gas station. I'll give him the money I have on me and I'll get a real taxi. I didn't even answer me. Just hung up on me.  And what can I do here? If I hit this guy, I guess, to car crashes. This other guy isn't answering. They want money I no longer have. So I tap the guy that says, okay, okay, okay, okay, I'll pay it. Call your friend again, call your friend. Get to the phone again. I was like, listen, I think I had like $4,000 on me. I said, look, I have $500, it's all I have. I'll pay the $500. When we get to the end, if you let me out. I thought, no, you paid the meter. I'll know again. You fucking cunt. Unbelievable. So I thought it would be smart. So I emailed, because my phone call wasn't working. So I emailed the Capinsky, instead of having a problem with the taxi. Can someone be waiting for me outside the Capinsky hotel? Is urgent, please. As a emailed, they're info at Capinsky. Russia. As a complete random. And I thought they'd never reply in time. They replied instantly in the 20 seconds. Yes, sir, someone be waiting for you, no problem. So it's like, oh, they replied to that. That's great. The concierge can argue with the taxi driver. Work all this out. It's not always relaxing. I'm kind of...  chill a bit. I just had to prod the guy. I was like, do you speak English then? Totally not. I was like, you're friendly. I'm just talking. So today, we pull up at the hotel. I'm all confident, right? Guys can be outside. Pull up at the hotel. Nobody's outside. Nobody. No, no concierge, nothing. So I said to the guy, I go to get out the car, I get out the car. The guy then gets out the car. He comes and he stands face to face me like a boxing stare off. And it shows me the phone of how much I owe him. Must buy now. Must I even know it is? It's in Louisville. It's 3000 American dollars. Something ridiculous. I said, bro, I don't have it. He looks at me like he's going to murder me. I don't have it. So I have $500. That's all I have. He goes, okay. These are my ninja fingers, my hands. I reach in my pocket and I ninja off like five hundred years. I got a pile of money like this. So my drrrr.  I give it to him and then the fuck, takes the money, go and I'm standing at the back of the car, waiting for him to open the trunk, gets in the car and starts driving down the road. I'm like, bro, broke my bag, my bag, my bag. He stops like five meters later and goes, arrested the money. He knew they set me up when I put my bag in the trunk at the beginning and my bag stopped my laptop, my, oh my clothes, everything, which is worth thousands and thousands of dollars. Now, if you ever get in a taxi, don't put your bag in the boot. It was a setup. I was like, you fuck, it's like call your friend. So he calls his friend and I said, listen, I've already given him 500 dollars. It's very clever what you did with the bag. It's like the guy from the Capinsky is about to come out now. I can't give you more than this. We have to come up to something sensible. Said I can go to a cash point and try and get some more money, but I need my bag. And he goes, okay, 500 more. Said fine. I don't know the phone. Instantly, people off 500 didn't bother going to a cash point. And then guy gets to back out the car.  I mean, him of a Mexican standoff in the back of the car. He opens up the boot. He grabs my bag. I've got the money. And we kind of swap them. Just after we've done that, after I paid this fucker $1,000, the guy from the Kappitsky walks out. Oh, Mr. Tay, do you need help? Like, yeah, he'll help you. I carry my bag. You're useless. It's been 10 minutes. Where are you been? Well, sorry, Mr. Tay, to useless. It's kind of funny because for my other four days in Moscow, I had a great time. I love the Russian people. They're very nice. I guess I was unlucky. But every time I left the hotel, there was like a row of taxis. And they all looked like this guy. And they'd all stare at me. And I thought, I'm so glad I paid him. Because I guarantee you I'm not going to fight with that guy. I'd be dead by now. They're just waiting outside the Kappitsky these dudes. And the lesson is, never put your bag in the back of a taxi. That's the lesson for everybody. And that's the story. And I survived and I had a great time in Moscow. And I'm not going to lie. It did sour things a little bit for me. I was a bit nervous on edge. And that's how I paid $1,000 for a taxi. Turns out, the official rate, which I found out on the way back to the airport, which was books from the hotel.  I think it was like six bucks. Here you go. I got it right. But to lose my bag and my luggage was worth so much more. Well, and surely the thousand dollars, the less than was worth more than the thousand dollars. Yeah, I mean, I like to look in the eyes of killers. There's not many people like that around anymore in the West. So you kind of enjoyed it in a way. I mean, Russia's Russia. In the West, you don't see that look very often. But it was a stark reminder of the realities of this world, because the realities of the world always boiled out to violence. And I understand that very well. And sometimes you get a little bit comfortable. There are people who walk around through Earth. They're walking around. We're looking at the lifestyle right now. There's people walking around. And they don't understand that every single thing they rely on and everything they love is backed by violence. It always has been. It always will be. The whole underpinning of a civilized society is violent. So the only reason we don't need violence is because there is a threat of violence. And you can nail it down to any law and regulation. As simple as a parking ticket. If you don't...  on a pay your parking ticket, they will leave you a fine, and if you don't pay the fine, they'll take you to court. If you don't go to court, they'll take your house, and if you don't give them your house, police will come, kick the shit out of you and jail. It ends in violence in all things, and it was a good reminder to understand that, making a mistake, putting my bag in the back of a car, in the boot as opposed to keeping it on me. Brought me this close to physical confrontation with probably a long-goly and wrestling champion in the middle of a street in Moscow, by myself, and it's a good reminder that violence is always so close. It's only a few steps away at all times. And the reminder that if you have enough money, you can buy yourself out of death. Well, yeah, if you hadn't had a thousand, five thousand, or been rich, I would have been in a lot of trouble. You could have been dead. I think so. And it was good also to see that I felt nerves, but they were the same nerves I felt before I fought. I didn't feel fear, which was a good reminder as well, to know that I'm still not afraid. I get nerves because the nerves sharpened me, but I don't feel fear, which was a... BLEEP  would think. But I still remember his eyes. I don't think I've ever been looked at like that in the West. And that's another thing that we can tie back into our whole conversation we just had about how certain societies still operate in a certain way and our Western societies are so failed. Maybe I should have told him about LGBT and feminism, he might have let me go. Maybe I should have said, this is bad, this is misogynist, maybe I should just talk some garbage and he would have let me off or is to prove a reality of the world men who are prepared to die for an idea and his idea was I owed him $6,000 and he was ready to keep a sh** out of me for it. And that's the bottom line of all ideas. Which we can also tie back into what's really interesting. All these ideals which are against men are defended by men. Think about it. If feminists go to a feminist rally and anyone tries to interrupt that rally, who comes to stop you? Men. Please, men. Defend the idea which is designed to destroy them. Do you remember when  America left the Taliban. The America, sorry, America left Afghanistan, and the Taliban took over like a day. I was having a debate with some feminist. And she was talking about how terrible Afghanistan's going to be because the women can't go to school anymore. And women need to go to school because they're equal to men and bubble on. I'm saying, yeah, well, I think women should go to school. I'm not saying women shouldn't go to school, but I'll argue that in certain realms, women are not hard to be equal to men. She goes, why? So well, you just proved it. The American army left. The Afghanistan defense force, the ADF, was left to defend the girls' schools. The Taliban started coming. Imagine that. You've been hired into the ADF. You get paid $225 a month. You're given a gun or some guy. Guard this girl's school. Girls really need to go to school. Fine. Stand there. America abandoned you. You no longer have air support. You no longer have night vision. They're gone. Taliban are gearing up. You see the dust of the Humvees and the distance. The pickup.  trucks and they're coming. Understand, they're like, do I want to defend this girl's school? And they bounced. Ooh, fair enough. So I said to her, why don't the women defend the school? No, why should the women do it? You just told me you're equal to men? Well, no, not that. So the men have to die so you can go to school. Feminist. Let me, I'm just trying to understand. I'm not attacking your ideals, I'm understanding. You believe women are equal to men until it comes to defending an idea that men have to defend your idea. Which means men are the only ones who allow you to have the idea in the first place, because if we don't defend it, it doesn't exist. Which means we own feminism as ours. Thanks. So much for strong and independent. It's men, it's all ours. So in the realities of the world, all this garbage falls away anyway. Because the reality of the world is, if you're not prepared to die to defend an idea, you don't have an idea. You don't allow more.  That's the bottom line. And that's also scary about all these ideals which are designed to attack masculinity. Is that the last masculine men which exist defending? Last question. Sure. Is happiness the purpose of life and if it is and what is? Okay, the purpose of life from a boring answer is to appropriate as much as possible. I believe in match of the many children as possible. To further expand, I do not believe happiness is the importance of life for a man. I believe happiness is what children should strive for and I believe women should aim to be happy. I believe happiness is for women and children. I believe men should have a sense of purpose. I believe they should live for something. If you live for happiness then you're hedonistic. You go to festivals, you do drugs, you drink alcohol, you're an idiot. Living for happiness is a man makes you an idiot. 99% of the time. If you live for happiness as a woman, you probably want to have a...  relationship with your spouse and you want to be giddy and you want to laugh and joke and raise your children and make pretty things and it's pretty good. But male happiness is just being an idiot. I think you need a sense of purpose as a man. I think you need to have something to live into die for. If you feel purposeful, you'll never feel sad. You may be stressed and you may be busy, but you'll never feel sad. And I think your purpose can make you happy, but I don't think men should be chasing happiness. They should be chasing purpose. I wouldn't describe myself as a happy person. I don't wake up and go, yeah, I'm not too. My chick's happy. Yay, Italy! Yay, private jet. Wow, this past is great. Yay, Ferrari. I'm just kind of like whatever. She's happy. That's her job. That's why she's around me. She's the happiness. Women bring the vibes, men bring the money. She's happy, good. I want to be happy. I would hate me with a miserable woman. But I think men being happy is kind of infant.  tile. Maybe I would hate to be with a miserable woman, but I would like to actually ask women, would you want to be with a happy man? I think women love me because of my confidence and because of what I can do. But imagine being with a happy man. I don't know. I'm just speaking. You're a woman and your man is happy. I love callathesis. Great. I'm here about it. This wow. Doesn't gay mean happy? I don't know. I'm just talking. I don't think I'm supposed to be happy. I have things to do. Important things. Stressful things. I have things to do. I'm supposed to be confident and purposeful. And I'm supposed to attack the matrix and tell the truth. And know I keto and make murderers apologize to me in jail and survive the Mongolian wrestler who wanted to kill me. And I'm supposed to do all of that. I don't know at what point I'm supposed to be smiling like a child. My children are supposed to be happy. The women around me are supposed to be happy, but that's not my job or my purpose. I think the men...  who want to be happier losers. And I think it would actually be a turn off for most women. I think if you were to, the man were to say to a woman, I just want to be happy and don't want to have any stress. You know, I just want to be happy. I think a woman deep in her heart would be like, what? I'm gonna be happy, pay my bills. I don't think she wants that either. So if your base purpose is to recreate, and being happy, I'm not saying being miserable at all. I think people understand what I'm saying here. And being happy for the sake of happiness itself repels females, then I don't think happiness is the purpose of life as a man. No, you're supposed to be important. Was Genghis Khan happy? You wouldn't have thought it's done. Well, I wouldn't, I wouldn't describe him as happy. He'd be described as a lot of things before happy. You'd say he's competent, you'd say successful, you'd say he's ruthless. You'd say he's smart. You'd say he was a tactical genius. You'd say lots of things before you ever got to happy if you ever got there.  Do we remember the happy men of history? What? And plus, I mean, person, if you're purposeful, it's lasting. Happiness is fleeting. That's the problem. Which means you're always going to be chasing a higher high. You'll be happy and then it'll go away. Then you want to be happy again and it'll go away. You're going to end up just doing dumb shit. But you become a drug addict. I took a little bit of drugs and made me happy. And now it doesn't work so I'm going to take more drugs and it's going to help you out. Tracing happiness is a spiral to nowhere. I will argue that my largest transformative periods in my life, the times when I've done the most amazing things and all when I was happy, was when I was a complete opposite. If you were to tell me how do you completely transform your life? I'd say, end up depressed. When you're depressed, you can transform your life. That's when your soul is malleable enough for you to do whatever it requires to go through the pain. That's when you can look a guy in the face and say shoot me then. I don't care. That's when you're dangerous. That's when you get things...  done. That's when you get rich. That's when you become a man. That's when you train. That's why I miss my nightmares. Now I sleep. I'm mad at myself. I'm disappointed in me. I'm like, what? No. For four hours. No. Wake up. Swing. Panicking. That's what I should be doing. I don't want to be happy. Why don't you be happy for? I want to grab life by the throat and squeeze it. I want the matrix to lock me up again. Do it. I don't care. It's kind of like, you know, I always liked people who are very competent but depressed. I've known some people who were like depressed and miserable, but they're very competent. And I like them because if I hire a happy person, he's only one bad event away from becoming useless. So this guy's already at the bottom, bro. And he's getting everything done.  You can't hurt this guy. He has nothing to lose. I like him. Give me more of this guy. I'm like, hey bro, your car just got stolen. Yeah, probably. No, no, no, no, no, no. Those are the best. I love those guys. Maybe I'll put on a happy video, but I'm kind to one of them. I expect any minute for police to bust in here and drag me away. I'm like, tall, jaw, duped to do. Who cares? Happy people are, oh, I'm sad. Wait, wait, wait, I don't know. I don't think men should be operating in this paradigm. Another way I can answer the question is I think happiness. There's a really interesting documentary about colors and it was about an African tribe and it was talking about how colors affect language. So in your book, this is red and this is blue because we've labeled them as such and they showed this African tribe that had different names for very different shades of green and to them they were clearly different colors but to us they're just.  but this tribe couldn't tell the Dirtzitreen red and blue because to them it was the same color so they couldn't see the difference in the colors by how the language Determined how your eyes can detect colors. It was very interesting and I think the same can be for happy If you set the idea of happy as Laughing like a child in Giddish in maturity then you're only going to be happy a couple of times a month truthfully if you're an adult But if you set the bar of happy as anything over distraught Then you're always happy When you feel true pain in life if your parent were to die your instant reaction is silence when someone's really hurt They don't talk when you're really depressed. You don't talk my first day in jail I didn't speak you don't talk when bad things happen if you got a phone call and someone said your all your family just died in a car crash You'd freeze you don't talk So if you set your mind to say if I am speaking I am happy Because I'm clearly  not to straw, and I'm a happy person most of the time. I'm happy 99.9% of the time now, because I've decided what happy is. But if you decide, I'm only happy when I'm laughing like a child and I have no stress at all and nothing's going wrong and I'm not festival and my girlfriend's love loves me and then you're never going to reach it. And then you're going to destroy your life trying to reach it. So happy this is also self-prescribed. So I think if you're a man and your arms are functioning and you can speak today because nothing terrible has happened, then you should be happy. And don't worry. Don't worry guys. Bad things are going to happen. They're going to come. You have nothing to worry about. There will be a day you wake up and somebody you love has died. And you can be sad that day. Why waste a perfectly good day being sad when sad days are guaranteed to come? Everyone you love is going to die. Everyone, don't worry about it. Sad days are coming for you. So I wouldn't have them in advance. If I were you I'd wait for a real reason and just smile. So I'm going to dip. That's what I would say. And this show is called Disruptors. What does that work?  We had T.A. People who break the paradigm, who attack the matrix, who disrupt the normal flow of the programming, which is designed to be installed in all of us. And I think as much as I understand and say about how people need to break free, I understand that there has to be matrix-minded people. Not everybody can break free because society wouldn't work. We need the people who believe in the garbage and we need the people who follow the programming and we need people who lose so that winners can win. There's no light without dark. But anybody with a brain is capable of having anything they want in life. I believe the universe is very giving. And perhaps you will know that I've never met anyone who genuinely tried their hardest for anything and never got it. I've never seen somebody dedicate themselves properly and never had and not get it. I've never seen it. I've never seen somebody try their best and not get it. I've seen people pretend to try their best and not get it. I've seen people  say they want it and not get it. I've seen people make excuses for why they'll never have it and not get it, but I've never seen anybody who just wakes up, shuts up, works and not get it. Ever. You can have anything you want, and that's how you disrupt the matrix, because most people are lazy and stupid. So just to tie back into my school, when I explain to people for $49, I'll tell you exactly what to do. And all you have to do is follow instructions. Sit there and follow instructions, and you will have everything you've ever desired, the car you want, the woman you want, the holidays you want, all you have to do is do the work, and you can disrupt the matrix, or you can stay lazy. You can stay inside the site program, and there'll be people who always do that, and we need them. Because, you don't wash your own cars, do you? I don't. I don't. So someone's gonna do it, and that's a society function. So there's always gonna be winners, and there's always gonna be losers. This has been a pleasure. Thank you, Andrew. Thank you very much. Let me know your favorite parts in the comments. Let me know the...  parts that pissed you off in the comments. I know my favourite part, buy a mile, I'll get in the comments and engage with you. And what would Andrew say about you not liking and subscribing and turning the notification bell on to this channel? As a commitment to you for being here all the way to the end of the content and because I promised I'm giving away £30,000 worth of exclusive prizes. A Rolex, a one-to-one shadowing day with me where I take you out on my supercar and I take you for a one-star Michelin dinner and 20 silver coins. Here is what you need to do. There are a small number of secret questions at robmore.com forward slash tape. Go there right now, answer the questions you're automatically entered. I have one special unannounced bonus for everyone who enters at robmore.com forward slash tape and there will be three winners of my £30,000 giveaway and I'll be selecting the winners from the first 100 correct answers. Go now to robmore.com forward slash tape. ominous music