 you you  you you  you Oh my gosh. Was good was good. We're good was good. Oh my god. Oh my god. We're starting to stream guys. Hey, what's good? Bama. What's good? Bama. Bama. See all you had to do was change your name back to what it was before. Before Bama had his name as Groot's joint. It's the member.  group. You feel me? The sloan. Which is actually genius when you think about it, right? Because you guys watch, y'all watch galaxies, you know, venture galaxies, whatever the Marvel joint, you know I'm talking about that. So that's pretty loud. So I understand what he was saying when he was saying groups, uh, D word and everything. He meant. Cause group is wood. And he got wood. It makes perfect sense. You know what I'm saying? So, so what's good? Was good Kobe, right? C O B Y as Kobe, right? I ain't forget this time. I ain't forget this time. Uh, was go ego devil's good salvation for the top G could it be? I don't know. I don't know. The video we going to be watching today guys. We're going to be watching the joint. And miss y'all like the stream by the way guys. We are going to be watching uh, fresh and fit. I know what you're probably thinking. Fresh and fit is probably very biased. Absolutely. Absolutely. I definitely believe they are very biased. But, I still think it'll be somewhat entertaining.  Yeah, I'm saying for them. Oh my goodness. Oh, God. I just, I just, what do you call it? I just brushed my teeth and I'm drinking cold water. Like I'm really a savage out here, guys. I don't think you guys understand this. I'm really like, like I eat kids out here, son. No pause, pause, not that type of way. I'm not that type of way, you know what I'm saying? What's good, Chance? Meach the gamer was good. What's good, my guy? What's good? What's good? All of the life free tape, all of the life free tape. What's good, a magnificence? A magnificence? How come it's right? Oh, a magnificence, I thought he was always like, I thought it was gonna be like, a magnificence and something, you know what I mean? I'm pretty sure Mike is in his joint on Twitch. You know, for some reason the chat is not, the chat box never wants to work. You guys already know how that is. Like a C.R. chat joint, but I can't see, especially when his own squids just does so. Make sure I like it.  streams, huh? We streamed some are yeah, we stream tomorrow. Or we streamed stream yesterday yesterday, it was Valentine's day. You know what I mean? And I was finna under the weather too, so that was a double. Come on now. All out of life free. Tate. Can I get you? Yes, sir. Oh, cool, cool, cool. How many lights we got? I mean, lights we got six likes. I told you guys, 10 likes, we start the video. Simple as that. 10 likes. We start the stream. You know what I'm saying? I don't think it's that difficult. You're. Guys got a bear with me coming back from a. Coming back from a code. Oh, man. Guys, we're going to try and make this stream as fast as possible. Try and make this stream as fast as possible. Cause we are live. What's up guys? Welcome to a stream that we the stream that we watch and the video that we watch it today. By fresh of fit. This joint is a whole 54 minutes. Basically, I know you guys know.  I like pausing. So, anytime you see a stream that's an hour or video that's an hour, expect us to be here for like three, four hours. But, this time I'm not gonna try to pause too much, but I'm gonna try to get this going done. Cause I need, I got, I got, Dr. Supportments in the morning and stuff like that. I need to be able to get some sleep. What's good, the box and therapist? What's good? Make sure I leave it like on the street, sign the shies and the show, what's good? What's good in the shower? How you doing? Like gold, I don't know. I don't know how long this street is gonna be, let's do a like goal of 35. BM Dizzle, like, it was good. Haven't been here in a while. Oh, I'm BM Dizzle, do I remember you BM Dizzle? And let me ask you this, is your name BM Dizzle? Is it short for baby mama Dizzle? Are you giving the baby mama's the Dizzle? If that's the case, ain't one name. Baby's cooking, I'll let him know you live. Oh, he should.  No, in fact, low key, I'm gonna tell you this, Chris, Chris was the main reason. I popped into the lab, I saw he put the joint in the discord, y'all seen this and I said, whoa, hold up. I saw they joined the discord. And Chris did that, John was like, oh yeah, we got the video for today. That's what we got the video for today. I think this is breaking news. I'm gonna give it a bang with you guys. I'm not like a huge ad-you-tate supporter, right? I don't hate him, I'm indifferent. You know, some of the stuff I see, like, you know what I say. But I love the fact that everybody hates him and just off the strength that everybody hates him. It makes me kinda like him. You know what I'm saying? It makes me kinda like him, you know what I'm saying? Uh, what's good? Diesel. Oh, baby mama diesel? Is this time for baby mama diesel, though? You know what I'm saying? It's tough. Mophles was shaking, what's good, Arthur? You got AJ and his joint in. What's Chris cooking? No boy, what is Chris cooking, son? Alright, make sure you all leave a like man. How many lights do we have? We got 10 lights, we got 10 lights, we start this video right now.  Okay, we have 13 likes. All right, that, that, that. Let's start the video. Let's start the video. As promised, yo, it was good, Casper. Lucky like 13. Gonna elementals our eye, guys. Let's get this one going. These guys, fresh and put fit, put up the joint set, emergency meeting. Emergency meeting, guys. You're, one last time, make sure you leave a like on the stream, guys. That's gonna be good. Man, I gotta say no homo, no homo before we start the video, no homo, I'm just gonna say it right now, right? Fresh and ugly. I just have to get that out there because it sucks that he, that he can't talk and he's also very ugly, right? And you like some of y'all gonna say, feel it, so you got, are you pretty much saying there's a lot of guys out there who will hand some, yes, I am saying there guys out there who's hand some, that's not.  You're able to look at another guy and see this guy can get bitches When I look at fresh I don't see a guy who gets bitches. I see a guy who retreat who who reflects bitches Or young ladies I was about to say females, but nowadays it seems like bitches hate being called females They'd rather be called bitches than females. I mean, what do you call me a female? You call me by my sex How dare you so only either you call me a bitch? Or you know, I'm sorry. It just be like that. Sometimes I try to switch it up. I bring it back to the 1960s Like listen here. You dumb broad, you know called him a broad See now and there to go to a factor reset like hey call me a broad. I don't know how I feel about that. You know what I'm saying? You silly bra shame and I come up with the toothpick. All right. Let's get in this video my bad. I'm rapping To the freshman podcast man today we got a very important episode's emergency meeting We're gonna clear our boys. Man, let's get in  Let's go God damn that was a long-end intro my goodness The whole Miami vice-strike it was tough though. I respect that respect. Let's keep going All right, what's up guys welcome to the fresh free podcast man. We are live on every platform right now Facebook YouTube Twitch Twitter and rumble of course Real quick announcements for you get into the show rumble.com slash fresh fit guys We're gonna be doing a very big migration here very soon as far as rumble goes You already know this content is censored They've age restricted a bunch of our videos. They've taken down a bunch of our videos, especially videos that concern Andrew So we're gonna be re uploading all those videos on rumble your  And we're going to have to probably start taking some of the content off of YouTube and putting it on rumble as well. To what is future strikes, man. And then it's kind of it's unfortunate, bro, but that's just how it is. I don't know what's going on, but like YouTube kind of seems to have a stiffy for us and Andrew. So, um, because I don't see them taking Tate videos down anywhere else to only take ours down. So it is what it is. Um, also guys check us out. I think it's right because we come up with the facts and defend our bro. So that's what it is, man. Um, we're not going to stop. Check us out. Also guys on freshfit.locals.com all the behind the scenes stuff. And then also while you're at it, do me a favor. rumble.com slash Tate speech. Okay. Yeah. Go some Bums out of jail, man. My goodness there. They're just wrapping up to go on rumble. And by the way, guys, I'm going to be streaming on rumble. And then I see there's a new stream service called kick much to start streaming on kick tools. You know, I'm about to try expand everywhere. You feel me? I'm going to try to start, you know, like I said, we, we, we, we, we, we, we got to grow. We got to grow the muffle armies and men offering females or orgasms.  And also, we want to, with the FOMO army, females offering men orgasms or FOMO females offering females orgasms. Crantit, we're not doing a MOMO. I don't support that. I'm sorry, I'm just me on. Call me a bigot, I am a bigot. You know what I'm saying? Call me all the names you want. I'm not supporting MOMO men offering men orgasms. No, absolutely not. Absolutely not. This is a no men on men action zone out here whatsoever. And that's the type of stuff you like. I'm going to tell you that right now. I don't accept you. All right. But who am I? I'm just a regular guy. But FOMO and MOMO's, oh, we all here. We all here. We all here. You know what I'm saying? Let's keep on. Let me show you leave a like on the street. I can't make it in front of them as well. Yeah. Logan Paul here, loser followers, or their gated followers in jail. So that's the elf real man. Also guys check us out on megaphone. You guys get all the audio versions of the content. So just get all the hoodies and t-shirts, six clips on there per day, and for people that watch that.  channel and also not fuck me lit so guys tune into the channel because we're gonna vlog everything we do back Because as you guys know we're gonna be Gully I got to give it to you guys are working because they're just shouting out all these shirts My goodness the longass intro then all the Sheesh, who this guy look like big boy He's got to look like he steals the money garbys at Events and shit like he just know where they're at he won't even be in New Orleans on bourbon street anything He just have him he just steal them from people know what I'm saying? He go to Hawaii and stuff stealing from there and shit. He's just everywhere. Let's keep going though Maybe maybe the video actually started now Gonna have the best quality possible so we got you why I'm gonna deserve let's get the Amazon book on Amazon so Wait, what's total what's total? What about totals is that is that trans offering trans orgasms?  Ha ha! Listen, come on now. Is that trans-offery trans-organisms? This is the guns for trans-forders. How about the skills for trans-forders? How about the skills for trans-forders? How about the more than meets the eye? No, we don't make no, no, no, no, no, no, not at all. Not at all, come on, this is how you knew better than that. Come on now. It's the head bigger over here, man. Let's keep going, though, guys. W-book. Yeah, oh yeah, because you guys have been asking me about, don't worry, guys, the hard cover is going to come out and I'm going to sign a couple of them and then also you guys have been asking about the audible. No worries, one. I saw it. Yeah, we're going to have to go through a timeline. Should we hear it? Bro, it took them five minutes for them to start the video. My goodness. I respect them, though. These guys are working hard. They are working hard. They're making audio books and all that stuff.  Man to get all the shout outs took five minutes. Sheesh. I Respect this on I respect these guys making money, so I love the entrepreneur spirit. Let's keep going Hit some of these chats real quick. Yeah, we're good. All right, not these out. Yeah, and well, I can hear something in the I know right Casper don't make sense make sure you guys like the stream guys. Come on man. Let's get these likes up Oh, he takes a second to like the stream. I don't know why that's all pull up the chest for fast On my phone Okay, okay, so we got here Okay And thank you guys for the support. I appreciate it man. Um, let's see here Top G get a get a real estate license in NY and make 10k per month. Okay. Okay, okay But today big congrats to my friend and fresh if it podcasts. All right, let's go Rob Slob on Bob's Cobb David Okay, Paul's free the tater's trying to keep them down, but they'll never prevail my book came in today I think this is stupid sets hold on. Let's still this fast forward and more. I think these are super chats  I know they gotta do the super chats in order to get paid especially because I don't I don't I don't think they're really making money off of YouTube like they used to So the super chats is their main source of income and Trust me. I think they're doing very well with the super chats All right, let me see get tea on your show through Rick records. Yeah, Lee. Hold on. I'm gonna skip it to the 10 minute mark They came in before yeah book came in today can't wait to read. Yeah, Lee. Let's go to the 15 minute mark. Shit. Oh actually hold up Left less for real man. So One of the accusers right All right guys. All right guys. We're getting juicy. We're getting it was good. Be too honest You feel me? The videos without slots always take forever to start telling you bro. We are oh damn near 12 minutes in He's about to talk about the accusers. This might be a fake. It might be one of those me two movements  they're trying to get the do cobertate slots. I think when he said slots, he means chapters, like chapters of the joint. So I'm gonna spread it. But uh, hey, make sure you like the streaming guys. If you haven't liked the stream already, it only takes a second, I like it. I'm pretty sure being that this guy, my run is a, is a federal agent. I'm pretty sure he should have a lot of details. I'm hoping. I'm hoping at least. Let's keep going. The accused are especially that accused Andrew of grape, all right? He met her at a strip club in London, okay? In London, England. And what ended up happening was he brought her back to Romania, okay? And she had been there for several weeks, okay? Somewhere between, I don't know. Fetch JVP Fetch. When he brought her back, but a somewhere between one to two months, she had been in Romania hanging out, right? And this girl is Maldovan, okay? She's Maldovan, but she lives in England and dances in England, right? And this girl wanted to get like a social media career. She wanted to, you know,  be a TikTok star, all right, what you guys are going to see here in a little bit. Why the her attempts to try to become a TikTok star, right? The other girl, Nishaya, Nishaya, this is a, it's not deer park. It's, uh, what is this? It's Costco brand, my bad. But JVP, what you said, this fact, though, leaders trying to be going crazy with it. So let's keep going though. Make sure you like the string. Oh, right. That is accusing the tape brothers is a American chick from Miami, actually. Okay. Um, ridiculous. Make it us look bad. But these two girls found themselves at the house at the same time. All right. Now I don't know when this Miami chick got to Romania, but we know it was somewhere shortly before all of this stuff happened. Yeah. Right. And then the other girl, right, that claims that she was traffic to Maldon, British chick. She was there for several weeks. Okay. Living at the house and they all could really leave whenever they wanted to. Yes. Yes. Let me know matter of fact, some info for y'all. That girl, the Maldon, went on jogs every day with  the dogs went to the grocery store. Shopping went shopping. Yep. Okay. Taking Uber's back and forth. She definitely had the ability to leave at any point that she wanted. Ah. So she wasn't going to be held against her will? Not at all. Who said that? Matter of fact, like Andrew didn't give her that much attention. I think that's a part of the reason why she's angry. Free time. She even said it or someone interviewed her from that mistake and she did interview somewhere saying, oh, well, you know, I did everything of my own free will and everything. Anything else like that. But if this if this stuff is true, this is crazy. This is the type of stuff that it makes it. And by the way, no bull rhymes rhymes with crayon and what the hell is rhymes with crayon me? Those are that's the funny name. I feel like it means something. But JVP said it rhymes with crayon. You guys are speaking facts, man, because what's the name be taken forever? Lead is turning be taken forever to start his joints. But if this is true, what you saying? This is one of those things that you look at the me two movement and you start wondering like, whoa, I was wondering.  even when a me too movement was at his peak. Like, yo, we can't just be believing all these joints, bro. It's gonna be lying left and right. Don't get me wrong. And you take some of the stuff he was saying on camera, saying it was just like, bro, this guy is setting himself up for failures, huh? It's like you low key snitching on yourself on certain things. You feel me? I mean, he was talking about like tax evasion stuff like that, but I don't think he's ever really snitched on himself in the form of like, oh, I'm doing, I don't know, the great word. You know, I was saying do anything like that, at least, at least I don't, not that I know of, at least. But yeah, like, I don't know if you guys heard about the whole situation that happened with the boy, football player, receiver, Michael Irvin. Michael Irvin for the Dallas Cowboys from back in the day, son. He got falsely accused, I think last week, right before the Super Bowl. I guess they didn't say what it was, but they said he was in a Marriott and he spoke to a woman and he must have done something that was bad.  And what do you call it? They took them off the Super Bowl coverage and everything like that. Come to find out that girl was lying. He didn't do anything to her. She just tried to ruin it. And now he's trying to sue Mary out for 100, Mary out and the woman for $100 million. A hundred million. And I love it. I said, oh, we gotta get these joints. I thought, we're not going to, if it comes out that you live, you need to pay money. So I'm like, you need to pay money and you must do time. You know what I'm saying? Like bro, all these joints been going on here lying. This old stupid movement, believe all women's son. We should believe women to a certain extent. Everybody's innocent until proven guilty. So unless I see, unless I see you shooting a dude up or something like that, or a dude doing something on camera and 4K. That's the only way, like if it's like that, then I'm like, all right, this guy's guilty. It's just a formality. We just gotta do the formality isn't going to court and everything. We see the dude, all the cameras. You see?  his face, he's wearing a blue or red bandana, all that stuff. But all the stuff about this believing Joyce, but like, yo, while in bro, like, we don't see that it can cause problems. A joint, we'll just hear that and start making up lives like how they doing now. That joint's happened to a few of my man's. But it's crazy. I make sure I like the stream, bro. Hope he gets all that money here, bro, blink too fast for her preference. I said, yeah, it's going for a broad, yeah, see, see, rhymes will grow up, grow up, grow up, grow up, grow up, grow up, grow up. I don't know if you were here to begin the stream. What did I say? I said, bro, you can't call girls females anymore. Cause you called them females for some reason to get upset. I don't know why. You just get upset. Like, what do you mean a female? What do you mean a female? What do you mean a female? What's wrong? What do you mean a female? So I said from here on in, I'm calling them brats. Listen, you're a broad. You're a damn broad. You feel me? Oh, leave the get me upset, of course. Let me see what you, I don't know. Make sure you like the stream. Let's keep going.  their argument is they were in love. K-Woods. What's going on K-Woods? So she basically was trying to say, oh, well, I was in love and I was being forced or whatever. And now she's retroactively withdrawing consent. And guys, this is a big deal. Think about this. She's telling me that a girl can feel different after the fact say, I did what I did because I was in love. And now you can be charged for it. What's essentially going on right now? Clown world. Simon. It's been going on for quite some time now, Simon. It's like, okay, all right. One of my cousins, man, they were always in Florida. I'm going to tell you this real quick and we can get back in the joint. One of my cousins, one of my cousins, man, was in Florida. They was chilling with some white girls, right? I don't know why I said their race. I just felt like I had to say that for some reason. Chilling with some white girls that they met on the strip. These girls were on vacation.  When usually when a girl tells a cheese on vacation that means she's getting piked 100% this is nine this is 10 out of 10 honestly. They own vacation to get him pived Especially they just with the girls. They're getting piked. They're getting penetrated It's the thing man. So they met the girls they found out those girls on vacation So what happened they did side they got pived, you know the team went well smashed smashed a lot of them right? So he has to think right one of the dudes that was getting a cheese of one of the other girls Decided to steal her phone. I don't know why I don't know why These girls do need grow things. I Sometimes it can't be helped right saw the white girl was lacking stole her phone right boom. I don't know how they found Them and everything right there, but the one girl she had a boyfriend When would I told you all before if she has a boyfriend she goes on vacation the boyfriend is a sim Because she's gonna get piked you know, she's gonna get piked so She had a boyfriend everything like that so the phone is lost they can't say oh  Well, we were getting our backs blown out by some Negroes You know some Negro athletes because they were these football players so We were getting our backs blown out by some Negro athletes and I know you wouldn't like that because you know Me and you're in a relationship and that and they wanted a Negro athletes decided to steal my phone They couldn't say that so what did they say? Oh, yeah, we we were just You know, we were just hanging out and then they graped me You know what I'm saying time went on He got locked up. He was initial for a few months. I guess eventually she felt bad and came out and said no That's not what happened. We were getting our backs blown out Consentually, you know, I'm saying they were just they were just I'm just telling you said this stuff happens more than you know This stuff happens more than you know guys. I just want y'all to know that right now Like this y'all really happens more than y'all knows, huh? It's crazy. I have more stories of stuff like this by the way but  I wish you all liked the stream guys, please get those likes. So let's keep going. Okay. Now when that first broke out, I was already human. I was like, this is fucking BS, right? But now we got some other information that just came out, right? At this morning from a close source from a, yeah, very reputable source. Right. We got it first, actually. We beat everybody, but I didn't want to put it out there until I saw everyone else get it. Right. That's just the beginning. What you, what you guys saw with those text messages, there's, there's way more to that. I'm, that's why I'm explaining this right now. context. Yeah. Right. So you guys understand. So we got the mold oven chick there. She had been there for weeks, walking dogs, going to grocery stores, hanging out at the house, coming in, going as she pleases, using ubers, et cetera. And as you guys know, there's a mall not too far from the tape of this houses, right? Yeah. House. We went there several times, actually, right? Good food. Yeah. And the girls were free. They're going back and forth shop and doing all this stuff. If you don't believe me, I'll show you all the video right now. And actually, you know what the fun, pull it up, Mo? You know what's funny part? They're camouflaged with show. Goes going in and out.  Like they come and footage from before what's with everything? Ayo, I just gotta say this real quick again fresh is freaking ugly. Oh my god. Oh My god His line up is sharp like this guy is ugly Why don't you look like this Oh my god remember what he said that he had a thousand bodies When he said he smashed over a thousand girls at a low-key kind of believe it though I can't if you have enough money sent anything is possible, so but it's just like I think the reason why so many people didn't want to believe it It's cuz he's ugly no one is saying that but that's let's be honest That's the reason and he don't know how to talk so like a combination of not knowing how to talk and being ugly  So it's just like how the hell could this guy get a thousand joy like it makes you look at yourself and you be like damn Like I haven't hit a thousand bronze. She almost said she almost said females. I said bronze He said I haven't hit a thousand bronze. How did how to held it? Oh Freshers my mind was After a person is found to be lying. They should only 60 seconds to explain why they should not immediately receive the same charges They accused the way that facts facts. I agree with that man. I agree I agree with that it hurts while he talks respectfully. No, it's crazy though. It's crazy But yeah, let's get back into the video so I just wanted to say that he's very ugly So he's probably a cool guy. It's probably a cool guy. Hopefully one day I can get on their podcast probably I probably won't be able to because I keep roasting fresh and he's probably gonna see that roast them And he's gonna like my fuck this guy. I'm not getting on the podcast I don't know I don't know make sure you like the street those let's keep going The one of the Uber. Yeah, the one the the one that you had right  before and it's easy. You go call it up to their house and you leave. Yeah. And the camera fridge was showing is that could happen. But once again, it's being held by who? Remaining police. Yeah. Also, I want to say that people say that like, oh, well, they have armed security. Yeah. And to like, he looks like a turtle. Like, I don't know what he looks like. Something. You know what? Y'all watch PBS Kids back in the day. You know, no, Zabuma food, a lemur. Like, he giving me Zabuma food right now. I don't know why, son. Like, I just want to feed him like some type of like fruit, like a pineapple or a mango or something like that. Like, I don't know. So he's giving me like Zabuma food, son. Y'all know PBS Kids back in the day. So y'all know Zabuma food and lemur. Son, don't make me seem like I'm crazy out here. So he definitely looked like that, son. It's crazy. Modifiers ask, no, no. Felix, no. Let's stop. Let's stop. I hear roasting people for no reason. The armed security is to make sure no one comes in, but they never stop you from leaving. Right. So if anything, their house is very secure. Secure. So this is the.  these are the girls, right? You can see here. Okay. They're in a man in an Uber. Chillin. Okay. They don't look like drive-in victims of me. Okay. Wait, is there a chain around her neck or anything holding her hands? What's going on, bro? No, but the girl that accused Andrews on the left there. All right. So can you go go back and this all opens source, by the way, people went ahead and took a time machine and went back and and the Instagrams, I got this. Another good fact, if you're so innocent, why is your Instagram no private? What are you worried about? They private it now. Yeah. Yeah. Because they were getting a lot of backlash. Right. Okay. So now that we understand that. Okay. So you had them all over and checked there and then this Miami check shows up later on, right? Yeah. It was good. LB. LB. What you missed? Make sure you like the stream, by the way. LB. What you missed was they talking about they they talking about Andrew take there's some new information that came out that might. It might be that he was framed, right? Is just one of those situations that this is a legend, by the way, because I.  I don't know if this is true or not, that these girls who are saying that they were great and brainwashed and all that stuff, they really weren't, but they just trying to get back and entry tape because he never really loved them, right? They just wanted love from him and he wasn't giving it to him. But they should understand, pimps don't love, pimps don't love. Let's continue. They're becoming friends, guys. And what you're about to see now are some TikTok videos that they shot on or about April 9th, okay? Let's show these clips, Mo. Tick tock videos. Yep, they're me on captive. There you go. See, the two accusers are on the outsides, okay? The girl on the right is the one that, the one of the trafficking victims and the one on the left is one of the other alleged trafficking victims, right? So for some of you guys that don't know, this is Andrew Tate House, okay? Yeah. So tell me how you're being held against your will, being trafficked and you guys are shooting TikTok videos. Explain that to me. We can clear it, see them clear this day.  One on the left one on the right alright now mind you here's some other info that y'all probably don't know On this night Andrew and Tristan were not at the house. They were Doing some extra kill the girl I got a curricular activities. I think that's exactly what some other girls all right I ain't gonna hold y'all the joint in the middle had a mean cuff you see that right? That's a hold on let me me We're not at the house That's a little cuff right there ain't nothing crazy. That's there. It's there in this Asian one I actually look like she love you long time, you know, I'm saying I don't know what the brunette I guess you know I'm saying like but this joint that we love you long time Oh I'd part a yo. How would you guys how do you guys speak game to like agent joints? I usually come up to like Know I said something there's no  I just did all that and I didn't say something I know I said something I spit some game right there Yeah, she's definitely she probably got most I know I said something. I don't know Let's keep on make sure you like string They were doing some extra kill it girl. I got a curricular activities. I'm an icing Exactly with some other girls, all right So they weren't there this night. Yeah, so Asian Japanese left that night what they did it wait, so you're telling me they had every moment to walk away Take it anywhere and they didn't they just stayed there they just stayed there, bro, so they were making I was told they'd be like out of Listen look like they're free most of the part. Yeah, looks like it's crazy, bro So I think we got another TikTok clip here. They're gonna show y'all of them dancing Okay, here they are at the house. This is the kitchen area. Yeah, all right. This is me and area here. Yeah, there's there. There's  the two alleged girls, right? Dancing, having a good time. Doesn't look like there be an other guest and one of me, all girls in there, by the way, they were like 30 girls. Can you imagine, right? It's party. If these girls would be held captive, what about other girls that have said, oh, healthy girls, help. I got to I escaped. Yep. How other girls? Yep. Why didn't no one say that? Because it's all kept. Yep. Now this is sad, bro. Let's play the next video. And this is all on a honor about April 9th, guys. Okay. Here they are doing another dance. They can't even twerk. Yeah. What are they doing, bro? Okay. And here they come. All right. So again, the two girls on the ends are the ones that are like making the accusations, not the girl in the middle. The two on the ends, right? So you're telling me that these girls are being held against their will. Yet they're walking around shooting TikTok videos. Dancing, have a good time. I think I said you another video, Mo as well, might be in the takeover. Yeah. There's the accuser. Look, look, dancing with some music itself. I didn't put the music on, guys, because it's. Yeah, it's probably a music in a scope.  I got to give it to fresh and fit man. They bring it up all this stuff. Like they really make it sure that man's is not getting put down bro. I respect that. That's loyalty right there son. That's definitely some royalty. But yeah man, these joints, I think the real crime here is how terrible these videos are that they're making. These are very embarrassing cringe-worthy videos. What's good tea day by the way? They're trying to hit take with the same charges as Kelly. They try to get them just like they did Ark Kelly. It's like Ark Kelly. He was messing with miners. He was definitely messing with miners though. Ark Kelly was definitely going messing with today's girls. Yeah. And the girls who he was messing with, they look like kids. It's not even like, you know how sometimes you see a girl you'd be like, holy crap, this is jailbait. You look like you're 23. You know what I'm saying? The joystead he was messing with at least the ones I've seen. They look like children. I was like, my neck is what? This guy was...  problem pro that guy killed R Kelly was a guy was a menace very good music very good music but he's a menace he's a menace at the same time but yeah make sure you like the string guys make sure you like the string let's keep going that was from before the more recent situation R Kelly was messing with 22 year olds yeah yeah yeah and not only that he was also finesse in 30 year olds too when I saw the little surviving R Kelly join I saw that he was finesse in 30 some years old I was just like I don't feel sorry for you you dumb broad you 31 like you dumb stupid right like you haven't learned yet so I'm like what I understand the 15 16 year old 17 year old okay you know they're young you know they're impressionables aren't Kelly all those love but like you like 30 you like a 30 like oh like a what stupid you dummy make sure you what's that what's that Asian guy from Curse the Collie dog your foo what's your your goal your foo you stupid fool ever you talk more so you freaking idiots bro they get no sympathy make sure you like the string let's keep more  one of the girls. It's the one on the left over there. All right. So you're telling me that you're being held against your will mind you. This chick, this bimbo right here. Okay. Stupid. She had been at the house. So for some of her between one to two months, walk into dogs going on, jocks every single day, go into the grocery store, going shopping, taking ubers back and forth. Okay. You're telling me that you were great by Andrew back in March. Allegedly, you just say anything. Allegedly, the grape happens sometime around March 20th guys. Hold on. Stop the show. She's telling me you got grape that the end of March. Yeah, here you are. Dancing to Romanian music, too, which a bunch of chicks on TikTok in your capters house. Wow. He must love that. What the fuck is going on? Great. Seriously, guys in clown world, clown world. To me, it looks like she's having a great time. She's showing, bro. Big children, right? Big children, bro.  And she can't have a twerk which is the funny part One more time for cuz we got 11,000 pussy on here 12,000 share this video with everyone Okay guys These are the accusers go back mo go back. We're gonna go from the beginning. I really want everyone to burn this shit into their brains No, bull I would actually does that mean you liked it? Did you like it? Was it consensual then and my have been consensual then I don't know I don't know right in the shy. I think so I think that was consensual man I don't know about that. I don't know about that guys. I don't know about this one. This is interesting stuff Isn't interesting stuff, but this one I said we can't just believe everybody right we can't just believe everybody There's gonna be somebody who might watch this video and be like okay Maybe what's happening is she did get great, right? But the trauma She didn't know what to do so she tried to put in a back of her head You know like somebody tried to be an online psychologist Maybe it was just it was so much and  She didn't know what to do. She didn't know where to go. So she just stayed with her, what do you call it? Her assailant, is that the way it worked? Her, her abuser. Yeah, she just stayed with her because she didn't know what to do. It was like, eventually it got messed up so much that she thought it was normal. You know, that's when the brainwashing came in. You know, he just brainwashed her that good. This is like Hugh Heffner's house right here, bro. Like, cobertate man, he got the holes on lock. Like, look at this, look at this. He got a, I don't know what painting this is, but he has a big painting on the top of the joints. I'm like, this is different, like, bro. I'm gonna tell you this right now. If I have a painting like this and a young lady walking to this house of age, of course, she has to suck my penis. She asked you. That goes without saying. I'm not, you have to. She's gonna know the moment she walks in, she sees the painting, she's like, ah, damn, I gotta suck this dick. Ha!  Like come on, bro. Who you got who do you know you walk you see a painting this big? She has to suck my day. She has to she has to that goes without question That she's probably coming in there at first thinking like I'm not going to she sees it I have to now she's gonna like I have to do it. Have you talking about it? Let's keep on though Please like the stream guys. We got 30 people on the joint. Please like the stream. We don't have 30 likes Let's see chance put on 25 Come on man, let's get these likes up. You know what I'm saying? It's only right Arthur. You're right. It is only right. You know, let's keep going These are the girls that made the accusations the two chicks on the left Okay, they're in Andrew Tate's house. I could personally verify that because I know the house. I've been there myself Okay, they're over here shooting TikTok videos, all right? This is on April 9th. They had a party Andrew and Tristan were not at the house on this night and to be fair you can't even see me in any videos. Yes, they're not there. They were not there  I 100% verified this they were not there, which is why you don't see them in any of these videos. Okay. Now continue to the next one. Here they are dancing again, the two accusers having a grand old time. Okay. All girls there, the tape brothers are not there. Again, next, next video. Show more TikTok videos, right? Thank God we have these clips. But you know what's scary? This girl will be avoided. The camera footage shows in their house at this exact time what's happening. Yep. It will be held captive. Bro, hey, look at my camera footage. Yep. Oh, they're free. Good to go. They're letting go. What's happening here? Oh, no, fuck the footage. We're not taking that into account. Andrew, it's interesting to have a very sophisticated 247 surveillance footage. Guys, everything is in like a candy house. Every room, bro. So, you know, and it's yeah. Okay, next one now. So, next one here you guys can see. That sounds like Romania got their own rules. They got their own rules.  basically like listen we don't care if you got the evidence that shows that you're innocent regardless we don't like you because you're telling men To stop being beta males right and you want them to buy your course Like we don't we can't have that we can't have that so what we're gonna do we're gonna lock you up Right we're gonna lock you up hey, but you can't look. No. We're gonna lock you up. I'm gonna lock your brother up too, right make it a family affair Lock you guys up and we're gonna tell everybody is you out here grape and women and brainwashing them and you're also a pimp. That last part is true, he's definitely a pimp. Regardless, like, my definition, he's a damn pimp. We know what I'm saying, but like, they really go on crazy, what's good, school of nation? But it's just crazy, man. Like, they really don't care. If they make enough noise, man, and you take would be let up. That's why I'm thinking at least, I don't know, man. But make sure you like the stream, guys. Like the stream, let's keep going. Police, only takes the second to like the stream. We got what, 42 people on YouTube right now like the stream, guys. Police, only takes the second.  right there she is right there right now after the raid which was honor about April 11th okay about two days later okay the girls went to France okay hold on no to France they went to France no no you said it counted bro yes they went to France after they can't leave no bro they somehow left what's after the raid right wow and guys they didn't go to petty or the vineyards vineyards or any that they went to the French Riviera one of the most expensive places to be in the world wow okay so how did it so that means they're getting grape than style that means Andrew Tate is sadistic grape right he's taken to the French Riviera he's like listen girl I'm not like these other grapest right I can get I can grape you I need to  College dorm I can grape you in a in the back of a what do you call it in the back of a Mickey D's or Arbis God help your soul if you ever get great than be on the Arbis I'll be terrible I mean it's terrible anywhere, but I mean behind the Arbis is like my goodness But no, he's like no, no, I'm taking you top. I'm trying to I'm trying to grape you in Paris girl I'm trying to grape you a matter of gas car. We gonna we gonna we gonna be great you in Brazil Right this guy is different this guy is different This is crazy. This is crazy. I really think they're cappin man I really think the girls are really just faking right really they're way there breaking it out right now It's making sense. What's good trade? You feel me? You get all this money all of a sudden First you're being held against your will and you can't leave now all of a sudden you're in a place where you got to spend damn There are $10,000 a day to live as far as I know if you're broke you can do that now to mention they were there for weeks All right, let's go ahead and roll the roll the evidence. I don't know any cheap, bro  I know that ain't cheap. Yo! Oh, look at Logan Delo country club. I can't rip it off that shit. I thought you Mike. What? Okay, let's continue. Wow. Here they are. Living it up, right? With the food on the beach. Okay. Next. She got no motion. Okay. Yeah, I don't know what the hell that is. The picture of her on the beach again. Oh lord. Let's keep going. All right. That's the one of the chicks that made the accusation. They're chilling out there. France, look at that. With a nice little overlook. Yeah. Okay. What's happening? And this is all on social media public information. None of this is doxing. Is this mid grape? Was this in mid grape? Did they take this picture mid grape? Is Andrew take that sendistic? Did he wait? He said listen. Listen, I know I'm grape eating right now. Take this picture right here. So it makes you look like. All right. Yeah, put the leather jacket right there. Boom. All right. Cool. All right. Now back to grape. Oh, new resources really kept. If this is true.  If this is true, they're capotones. You feel me? Y'all need guys know, girls will travel along like this. So somebody paying for it, bro. Yep. We don't know who it is. And right after the rate, this was right after guys admit April. Okay, let's go, let's continue on. They live in their best. Okay, here they are in Paris. Living their best life, bro. All right. Don't look sad to me. Here, I'm going to go to the next one. And here on the beach again, right? Wow. And that look, she's in a Bentley. Oh no, this is a Porsche. Oh, a Porsche. A Porsche. The next one's a Bentley. My bad. Wow. Yeah, she had a Porsche. And that's it. She had a belly with a really horn. That's the ice down. What do you call a rope? AP. What about my God? My God, bro. You all seeing that money sign? That's money. Oh, God, you all seeing that money sign? That's money.  That's money Arona was good Lorenzo Was good my guy was good my god Lorenzo's in the joint make she leave it like on the stream Please make she leave it like on the stream. I appreciate that. I appreciate that now But this is crazy son like with the Bentley and everything like that. I don't know this is like this is what grapes get you I don't I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I Don't know But if it is Sign me up That was that was joke. That was a joke. Come on guys stay with me with the dark humor and you know she ain't driving Gonna curve them J.B. P you know that well she not really dropped. Well, she might be look like they on the freeway That's crazy. They must got good insurance Uh, I was a they probably pull up the show who's driving you like her and I think this is the Asian one You use the Asian one. You know automatically if you're Asian you automatically get a higher premium F Hey, but I mean Asians are the most successful in America right pound for pound  They're the most wealthy and successful so they can afford it That's what she said that's what she said that's too big for her hand that's what she said let's get me Going on how are Andrew at risk is still in jail? How so they haven't even got to the crazy stuff yet Oh, so they left the big G. Yep to go to another G. Yeah, what if I can see they get we don't know But they like about Andrew yeah the whole time and this is let's put let's hold on let's play that let's get this straight So you guys were traffic how did you get your will in Romania instead of going to hang out with your family? We're spending time with loved ones you all take a trip with your trafficking You know, go victim  Y'all go to France and hang out at the Riviera dropping thousands of dollars a day Casper boss driving in porcise and Bentley's will iced out Rolexes What what who's paying for this What the first paying for this why are you taking a vacation after being a victim? like Yo, you're victim What is going on and here's the worst part, right? This is all happening They're still free. Don't whatever they want to do at interest are still in jail suffering They have not been in Romania guys since they left. I wonder why the Romania authorities can't even contact these bimbos for a statement right now Oh, they child in the world Someone else's dime. Yep, bro. You know what? If someone pays them to make these accusations possibly Cospercy time. Let me make this very clear for you guys don't know this but I'm gonna go ahead and bring this out So tell them okay, because we talk with Andrew about this personally guys so  There were people that were offering women and Andrew Tristan's lives that used to date them, X's, et cetera. 50 to a, sorry, between 30 to $100,000. It different ranges to make false accusations against them. Let me repeat that for you, I'll go quick. Whoa, whoa, is that true? Is that true? Lady, lady, is that true? Please, please just hear me out, please. Nah, nah, I'm not trying to hear you out, man. I pause this joint at the funniest time. Look how Marin's face looking at the joy, sir. Marin's face in his cheek. I pause it at the worst times. Marin looked like a suicide barber right now. He looked like a suicide barber that don't want to be a suicide barber. Like, they told him, like, he looked like he was chilling, right? But you know you're going to be the one who's going to do it.  He looked back like what? Like what about what about Ahmed? Ahmed he seemed like he's going to like me like what? I'm sorry. I'm sorry, you know it's crazy. It's crazy. What am I doing? What am I doing? I'm being racist I'm being so racist in this joint. It's crazy Even though I at the end he's black. He's from Sudan or something, right? So he's technically African You know what I'm saying? So I mean, it is what it is barge guys. Let's get back into this and make sure you leave it like on the string There were people that offered ex girlfriends and associates of Andrew and Tristan 30 to $100,000 US, okay, to make false accusations against them Okay, so I Would not be surprised if these two bimbos didn't get something given to them to make these accusations and  Romania. I have another theory. Let's say right. They've been helped captive. They can't leave, but they're on TikTok, Instagram, Twitter, having a ball twerking. We're trying to twerk. And they're bored. You know what? Andrews isn't giving me what I want. I want tension. I want money. I want time. You know what? I'm gonna find somebody else to give it to me. So they go Instagram. Look at their DMs. Oh, there's guys wanting to fly Mo here. Fly Mo there. You know what? Fuck Andrew. I'm gonna personally make sure he has to pay hell and go somewhere else. Mind you. The Bond Oven had been there for weeks, guys. Yeah. Shooting content. They knew she was there with Andrew. They knew it. She had been there for a very long time. Bro. Yo dude. Yeah. See the more you bring up the facts here, the more they'll wow. They'll be in hell for no reason, bro. This is all kept. Guys, do me a favor. Come on over to YouTube right now because we're gonna get it. We're there. Still more. There's still more. But I'm gonna kill the Twitch stream and the yeah, because I already know they're about to start crying.  Yeah, we're gonna kill the Facebook, Twitch, and Twitter stream guys come on over to YouTube right now and rumble Wow, yeah, because if there's more and this is why I had to go ahead and illustrate about we wait Why we went from what I killed that let me go ahead and give you off the quick little recap, right cuz we got I think 13,000 Right now If you just joined broadcast, thank you so much like the video shared this with a friend here's a summary Basically you got two accusers of that said that two main accusers, right? Yeah said that Andrew chopper them and Andrew at Tristan we're trafing them the Maldovan went ahead and made a allegation against Andrew for great, okay? The two people one chick from England stripper Maldovan, okay? London to be exact. That's where Andrew met her and brought her back to Romania of a girl American citizen out of here in Miami, all right? So Andrew brought what's her name back the Maldovan chick right from London? I don't know exactly how long she's been there, but I know some of us we once a two months. Yeah, she jogged every day She had it as you just went out with the dogs shopping grocery stuff shopping every day  Okay, etc. Because Andrew and them don't don't grocery shop guys. It's another point too. Yeah. Let's y'all know they have a people that just kind of like kind of order and food, but this chick I think wanted to prepare her own stuff. So as she was coming in going as she pleases for weeks, Andrew obviously didn't give her that much attention because he's out and about do it shit, right? Traveling would have to be right. Yeah. So so fast forward to April. American girl is there. Now Maldonald girl is there. On about April night, they had a party. Andrew Tristan, I know verified we're not there. The two girls were there and they had a party for some other chick there at the house, which is where that footage comes from. They shot a bunch of TikTok videos, etc. They claimed that they were traffic on or about that night. Okay. Which you guys saw a video to show the contrary. Right? Immediately post making the accusation. They go to France and they're hanging out at the Riviera. Very expensive post place to be. We're talking 10 to 20,000 hours a day to spend and be able to hang out in the area with AP. Get champagne on the beaches. I mean, let's move on. Some of these pictures one more  out for you guys could see the crazy. That watch the AP I know she didn't better for so here she isn't a Bentley right with that watch go back the watch is so loose on her hand. It belongs to guy bro. Yeah. It's not her watch and then here she is in a Porsche keep going then that's them on the beaches right. Hanging out in places that I can't even pronounce and go to the Azure okay is this behavior of someone that had just been trafficked in Romania to be in France immediately after they look pretty me they look pretty pretty chill to me right now let's continue on Mo back for it so now you guys get the idea what's going on you guys got the quick way recap right on the beach yep oh brother they got even on the beach brother I got to buy my food and bring it to the beach it's going on here man so mo let's let's keep going through the pictures back to the other way all right so you can see they're having a grand old time having a and they were in the French or France guys for weeks if not much bro I know keep one and start  is definitely different. But that don't look cheap at all, bro. That looked expensive as hell for lifestyle. I'm just saying, bro. That's not cheap. Yep. To keep going like this, you know, okay. So happy women's day. What day's women's day again? Someone in the chat, I'll put it. So that we have a timeline here. March? March something. Okay. Keep going. I thought it was like in April, but let's keep going. That was the last picture. Okay, that was the last picture. Okay, so let's go ahead and pull up these text messages. Okay. Uh, uh, because what you guys were about to see as a WhatsApp conversation. Uh, okay, guys, we're about to get juicy. Tish dick. It's ugly. Tish dick. Tish dick. Ha. Ha. Ha. Ha.  Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, this thing is so ugly. He's like a pencil tip or something. Like I don't know. So I like. He's like a gargoyles. Why did I pause it? It is. Yeah, that's the spot face as boy. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. All right. All right. The black papa. I know boy. Little like Uncle Ruckus right now. So the young Uncle Ruckus. Let me stop. Let me stop. He didn't ask for that. But I think these I think these text might just about to be kind of juicy guys. You guys are excited for that. You know what I'm saying? Seal Sun knows it. But yeah, Michael B Duncan. Michael B Duncan. What do you mean that? You be Michael B. But yeah, it's not all right guys. Make sure you like the string. Let's keep it.  between the two accusers. I just can't believe that people actually fell for this story. And we know the facts from the very beginning, but not just seeing the receipts and the timeline between what they were saying what they were doing and like I just hope someone in the romantic and the remaining government says, you know what, damn, this is bullshit. I'm free because bro, because Fred news is as much as possible, but without any action, what are we really doing? Common sense is no longer common. Bro, all right. Let's pull that up. So okay, guys, here we go. I got my glasses here. Here we go. So this right here, guys, is a text threat conversation between the two accusers. Okay. On WhatsApp. On WhatsApp and you guys can see it's clearly dated here. So it starts 8% 2022 at 430 PM approximately. This is Aliona. Aliona, guys, is the mild oven girl that accused Andrew of grape. All right. And she goes, you are a good actress. And then it goes true.  I practiced and bear is the other girl. Yeah, okay. The girl. Bear is the chick for Miami. All right, Asia looking chick. Aliona goes perfect. Oh question mark. Just play it cool. Got it bear response. Aliona goes like you don't know anything anything. And then Aliona goes play them. There goes. I'm going to pull some tears out out. And then Aliona goes response with question marks. And then bear says and play dumb. And then bear goes good advice. Thank you, babe. Wow. Okay. And you guys can see it shows the whole timeline of the conversation. So this isn't out of context. Y'all are getting the messages right there. So the day before the raid. Okay. Um, April and remember guys, there's different time zones and set you're here. So this is all hazy. That's why I'm saying honor about these days, right? Because what might happen? It'd be happening to hear in one area. It might be April 10th or 11th. Another place it might be able to April 11th, right? Right. Because so it goes here. We are so good.  And that's from Aliona and she goes we need a fucking Oscar. What is a Oscar? Let trophy. Yes, you get for acting. Yes Let's go and that's bear says that and then Alina says Let just play it. Let's just go play it cool and change my name So it will not start with a a with a a and then bear goes LOL got it So that's where we're gonna request Aliona says they might be making like documents or some stuff Oh get out. I got you and Yeah, I told you I told you to be like saying a nice message and that we are hurt or shit like that that we do love them But just don't like the situation wow Young the Marco Marco hey son. That's hilarious. Wow. This is crazy So they planned this joint and here's the thing they were using WhatsApp. That's why I don't use WhatsApp Right if you go to  this text like oh but really just try to meet the person in person if you're gonna really be talking about some stuff like this like then people say oh what's up is encrypted and they can't get it from you and but they can get that joint from you guys y'all really believe that y'all really believe they can't get that joint from you and you can see they can get that joint from you I don't know what's that stock or meta stock will drop down or whatever after this but like what so you mean all that on the booty picks and everything I'm sending they can get it sent they with snapchat they're joined to lead they have a hold they have a whole joint in the back in the snapchat office they have all of them deleted dick picks and the JJ picks and knockers picks like they got all of them Jones bro you know I say no one's safe out here bro everybody got it everybody got it man you know I'm saying it is what it is though you film it is what it is yeah make sure you like the stream guys make sure you like the stream these joints is diabolical really just plan this y'all like that and the funny thing is why would they just plan it like how far away where they from each other they could have just  plan this joint next to each other like a listen just what we're gonna do like face to face So that way they wouldn't have to do this topic, but they trusted what's that? That's what you get for trust and what's that? Why would you trust it? You took too much of a risk let come on out make sure y'all like the stream though guys. Let's keep going Federal agent is it not evidence to say you know what you did I am crying I think that's pretty this is what you would call Excopatory evidence this evidence that proves right this evidence that actually works in the defendant's favor Yeah, yeah, I'm ready hip. I'm up that is also for international texting But some people believe that once you use what's up to like it can't be traced. I've heard many people say that LB Many people started like oh, yeah, you can say they won't be traced they can't pull up your what's up joins And I'm just like bro are you dumb you still can pull it up? You know I'm saying you just saving money from texting like before having to use a phone card internationally, but Yeah, it's crazy. So let's keep going those on these youngsters really was really plotting out here If this stuff is true and this stuff is true  really plotting on the boy, uh, cobertate. It's crazy. Let's keep going. And this is what's good. Tom Rages. And we're not even done yet. Hold on. There's real screams. There's more. There's more. All right. Allie. And it goes so they will not think we are really facts. Me, you know, bear goes. Yeah, that smart. Allie and it says play the victim. I mean, we are like, but yeah, act like we still love them and stuff. Bear goes, ha, ha, mean we are wait. And then bear goes, what, what after the first, uh, oh, she goes, what, what? Then after the first raid, honor about the 12th of April, bear goes tomorrow, we should wear makeup and sunglasses. So nobody really notices what we look like or who we are. Yeah, I guess from Allie, and then she goes, well, we are writing a movie ASAP and Allie, and that's a bear says that. And then Allie, and it says, yeah, we are writing a movie.  Whoa Now these monsters wicked these monsters really wicked. That's crazy Whoa, I don't know if they really met it like actual like she's like you're saying that we're gonna make a movie out of this Like we're gonna actually we can get a production crew and make a movie But it could also it could just possibly just mean like we're like we make a movie out of this like in in general like Like we're just good actors. We're just gonna really finesse this whole situation and get this guy locked up You know, I'm saying maybe that's probably what they really mean, but now that's why that's why they could make a movie out of just like that Little Michael Jackson movie when they say surviving the little surviving Michael Jell the escaping Neverland drinks Which I don't know about anybody says I don't think Michael Jackson touch any boy Especially if you do enough research you realize he wasn't out here He was weird, but he was out here touching little boys, bro All of them people just wanted to get money off that boy and that's surviving Neverland job with it a little escaping Neverland I watched that drink and I did research  men and boys was lying. People was lying. Oh my goodness, it's crazy. Surviving Andrew take coming in 2024 facts, me, right? I want to be part of the movie. I'll play Tate. Chris, you wouldn't play Tate. You'd play Chasta rapper. You already know you look like Chasta rapper. They would be like, well, they got Chasta rapper playing Andrew Tate. How does this work? You know what I'm saying? And you're gonna have to shave your head bald, man. And I don't think you're ready for that, Chris. And then Oprah and whoever else that was part of that, surviving Neverhan show like nothing happened. No Oprah never liked Michael Jackson, bro. Oprah can suck a dick. Have her, have her. I hope she, I hope she slips up and marry Steadman. And I hope the moment he get married after a year is done. I hope that he divorces her and takes everything and it gets bouncing. And he deserves all that money for putting up with all that BS. Oprah dumbass. Let's keep going though. I guys, yeah. Make sure you like the stream by the way, guys. We got 38 people on YouTube. Just like the stream guys, even if you're about to leave.  Just like the stream only takes a second see Casper chance old them to tell you guys like the string. Please a bit I'm just gonna say this right now. This is discussing man. This is probably one of the most disturbing things I've Ever seen these two women and then there's more the worry are literally plotting Against the tape brothers For a come up and they're saying they're admitting that they're going to lie that they love them and they did these things because they love them Which is indicative of her interview that she gave a couple of days ago to some I forget what broadcast company she gave an interview to I think it was Vice or somebody right saying oh well I Consented to everything, but I loved him and I felt course blah blah blah blah blah you guys Bro bro ladies and gentlemen wake up you can't be believing a crying girl  A girl would come up crime all those some manipulate team manipulate team. It's not to say not a lot of girls out here telling the truth There are a lot of girls out here telling the truth and back in the day I would say it's more girls telling the truth than girls telling a lot, but nowadays I don't even know I'm lowkey like it might be 50 50 50 50 50 50 And then tell her to 50 percent of the lie. I'm beyond such a coin flip at this point. I'm over here two face from Batman Like, yeah, you lie bitch. I don't know Like oh you dumb, bro, you know what I don't know, sir. Like it's getting wild out here guys You know crying and still be lying yo bro. They will cry shit tears. Snot be dropping down and they'll still be lying But I'm not gonna lie to dudes be doing the same thing too. Let's be real not the crime part But they'll be like why I got a lot for it. No, it damn well. They'd be like We made well, well, I got a lot for Maybe you think I fuck that big booty bitch. I'm ice-masher. Why I got a lot for You have a lot of reasons to lie for us. You don't want your relationship to end  That big booty jump was listen joint that you wanted to hit and you know keep a push it you feel me That's what you have a lot of reasons live always I'm like I'm like so people be doing all the time. Let's keep it a bad, but the girl girl be out here. It's not becoming You know what I believe me I'm telling you I didn't let him put his penis in me I didn't let him do it. I didn't let him do it. Why don't you believe me? Robert You know what I'm gonna kill myself The boys get all high pitch the drool all that stuff makeup all ready. They look ugly his house And he still be lying It's crazy. It's it's it's it's good. It's good. Oh finesse a lot of dudes, but uh, whoa It's it's funny. It's funny. Let's keep going though. So you just gotta something you got to hit him with the saying I'm stupid. No, do I look stupid to you?  It's crazy, bro. It's crazy. But make sure you leave a like on the street guys. Let's keep on As you're seeing right here and 1080 fucking pee that they plotted Okay, and conspired now at this point. This is they conspired pre-meditated. Thanks, Meach Yeah, basically to go ahead and lie on these men and turn us to reputations And then they fled to France and went on a vacation after and they had all of a sudden they have a bunch of money In a very wealthy area and we can't explain an access to like cars lifestyle Yes, I'm you want to say I was gonna say like right now bro like this scary because this guy put to any guy And of course, Andrew Tristan are big. They're huge, you know in the whole Schema things, but like the average guy over here, right? Imagine if you're somebody that had some maybe some status Maybe a little bit money yourself and you worked hard for that stuff, right? You mean a woman and she says you know what? I'm gonna get what I want from you. I'm gonna take it by force Which you guys are probably wondering what the motive is with with this balladwoman growing I'll tell you guys here in a second. Don't worry. Yeah, no, I'm just saying like I realized. but  For example, and since she said to you, you know what I want 20k month you're making money You go you're wow. I work for this money myself. You need to deserve it or at least you know what be a fucking lady That being said You know what he doesn't want to give me what I want I'm gonna take a bit force as you can lie make up a whole story Let you see here in the chat and fuck you up. It's crazy, bro. Yeah, so it's a sad man So let's pull out the second part of the conversation Really sad bro, all right There's more There's more I thought that was it. I was ready like it's done. There's more Well, okay, all right. It's getting juicy guys make sure you leave a like on the stream How do we have 32 likes with 37 people on YouTube just leave a like was good tank Yeah, it's okay. He's going to Michael Irving. Yeah, I said that's our earlier tank. I was saying that they just falsed the accused Michael Irving literally last week She didn't wrote say like this  crazy bro like that's what I said at this point any accusation bro y'all got to do we gotta do a thorough investigation before we start oh yeah this person did it because all the text of the accusation everybody's like oh yeah they did it oh yeah they they accuse them like yeah there's no way there's no way she could lie why would she lie nah why there's no there's no evil people out there in the world nah they just they just tell the truth on stuff like come on bro let's keep it a man bro bro leave you like it's for my bro with you thank you meach yeah I don't know why so hard for people to leave a like bro it's like it's crazy let's keep going now it goes here now this is Emma Gabby right this is the girl from Miami okay but that goes aka bear she's talking to her family so bear goes look I know you don't believe I can handle this but I can't I'm not so concerned Tristan doesn't really care if I leave because we made the brothers believe we are in love think we will they think we will  run back. So what else not to show? So you're telling me that you're being traffic, but now you're saying on one day that they don't care if you leave. It's all like you're free to me. Which one is it? Which one is it? Are you being traffic or are you not? If you're being traffic, that means Tristan would really care that you stayed. But according to the video footage that we just played, you dumbasses dancing shooting TikTok videos together, et cetera, they weren't even there. And we know personally from being there, Tristan and you don't care if they leave or come. No, they don't care. They don't give a shit. They're busy themselves. So this is actually funny because they really don't give a shit. She's admitting on text that they didn't care. So which one is it, bro? Wow. All right. Next, bear goes, my main concerns are coming from things. Some girls are saying, okay? And then bear goes, a lot to explain. We will be out of here. Fine. Bear goes, I don't think they care that much if we leave anyway. This is why I feel okay. Once again, confirming that the tape brothers don't give a crap if they leave.  right? Bear goes, I will make the call and do the right thing in the situation. This is all dated. This is guys. This is six days before, sorry, excuse me, this is three days before the party. Okay. Okay. Now we both want to be in London. And then, so this goes talking to our family. Yeah, I think this might be her mom. Yeah. And then I think they sent a screenshot or something and then a sense of voice message. And then Mona goes, go to London, but why have all the American embassy on alert? You were causing major upheaval because the Marines in all American squad is on the go now. Fuck it. I'm a fuck it. And then, and then she goes, you called? I didn't. I want to leave my London. I want to lead to London. You called that you and then go to the Tuesday when we leave. Yep. And that's, yeah, that was on April. So they had been plotting this guys for a while for a minute.  Okay, since the sixth, but three days later, there at the house still party. Then they can see everything. Beer says, look, if you stop me, you see that? Well, this is crazy. You can give the joint all this. Is she still trying to destroy you? So this is crazy. This is sad. This is honestly sad, guys. Hugh Heffner, man, we got to talk about this guy. Hugh Heffner, because I mean, that guy, I don't know how he's able to keep old, I mean, oh, actually never mind. I mean, I say that because I think, I think some of the girls came out or coming out with like a movie or something talking about how bad Hugh Heffner was. They love waiting until they die so they can't defend themselves, right? Isn't that great? Oh, yeah, he's dead now. You know, I mean, don't graduate. They didn't wait for R Kelly. R Kelly, they were trying to go at him for years. He was a sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding. Mutu movement, mutu movement came. And that one girl, the one woman that looked like ARS1, you know, that one woman, the leader of the Mutu movement side.  Let me see Y'all remember her she like hair or someone Put on me to founder there she go Yeah, her she came up in that giant she was like you know she made sure she's Not gonna say anything Yeah, childhood was probably rough until you that right now Childhood a Hundred percent was rough. Hey, no one telling me this one was not rough because if you went to my school Oh, yeah, you are getting a flusamed Liz am no she don't look bad back right here. Oh, she don't look that bad right here. Okay. Okay. Okay. She look alright there You know  right there. But uh, nah, it's all right. She related to seal. It's crazy. All right. Let me stop. Let me stop. Let's get back into this. Chris said he would hit her for Bentley. Chris your wild dudes straight from the boogie nerves. Bro, that's Book of Tees ball. He just stopped. She look, she definitely look like Kara's Wonder. Hold on. You see me too, founder? Like, look how she look. Look at Kara's one. Tell me that's not the same person. Tell me that's not the same person. Tell me that's not the same person. Come on now. Come on now. They got to be cousins. They fraternal twins or something. They got to be. They got to be fraternal twins. They got to be, sir. Come on now.  Look at this guy. Carousel wants to. He looked like a mixture of her and who else? Regardless, regardless. Carousel wants to, he definitely, I ain't saying her and Carousel wants the same person. I'm just saying, I've never seen them in the same room at the same exact time. That's all I'm saying. You know what I'm saying? He's all, let's keep going. Me from Guantalandan, expect me to disappear. Bear says again, I wanna go to London. Yes, thank you, chance and guess, but. I'm in danger like that. Says Bear. Bear says, you called. Bear said, not me. Mona says, go to hell, Emma. Your ignorance and your arrogance and ignorance and both should go to up what plan or Bangkok or Borbore, who is tapestopping you? The whole American M.C. is on alert. Shame.  on you versus that's your fault. Thanks. So we so it might be that they contacted the embassy earlier. Seems like if they might have done it on or about the sixth, but we had a hunt at the party on the ninth. So so that makes it even worse. Yeah. So it looks like they already had contacted the embassy on the sixth honor about the ninth. We know it's the party. And then the raid happened on or about the 11th or 12th. And we had a hunch that embassy was involved because once again, guys, you know the whole media against Andrews out there. So that with some evidence, they can't wait to pass that story to put it on. So I mean, bro, this was perfect setup. Wow. Yeah. That's wild. Yo, this is this is crazy stuff, guys. Um, listen to the chat. Throw fast man. This is incredible. And I want you guys to take this as a lesson because this is scary part. The tastes are almost billionaires. And this happens to them. Imagine you imagine you as an average guy. Imagine a regular guy. If Andrew, at Tristan didn't have.  like the social media presence they have and the money and the resources to fight this, like they might be fucked. And she started, he wanted to start a fund for guys that are falsely accused, right? Yeah. And he's right because most guys that this goes to them, they can't do anything. You can't. And as a matter of fact, if this is you, probably you're screwed. You can't to get it. Yeah. How you gonna fight it? All right. Well, you got him. Okay. None of words. Okay. Cool. So, um, damn. So we're going to go to Dubai tomorrow. Yeah. We're bringing us some more stuff behind the scenes with obviously tears people, you know, some other. Yeah. Girls as well. Yeah. We're going to talk to some other victims as well. It's apparent because like right now guys, there's an agenda. Once again, as you guys know, against the States, however, I feel if we push hard enough with this evidence and these, you know, recent text messages, we got to get some pull here. Hopefully we can. But who knows? Yeah. Um, it's up in the air. This is why you guys got to be careful when you deal with these girls. Oh, now you guys are probably wondering about the motive. My bad.  The motive with with with the maul's oven girl. So this is what it was guys Basically she wanted 200,000 year old from Andrew Okay, she wanted him to help her promote her TikTok career because she wanted to be an influencer as you guys could see from What all right, let's let's keep on let's keep on you ever get sent vibes from fresh and fit I get more sent vibes from fresh than fit I Get I get more sugar sugar daddy vise from fresh from fresh Girls that Romania is looking to seize those little Dotton gains, Roach Man, this is crazy hard on let me let him finish and the terrible dancing okay and Andrew said no, right? So he said no and he didn't give her all the attention that she wanted so this is a big reason why she decided you know I'm gonna go to the police take it my force, you know what I mean because she's like if  I know if I make an accusation against these guys What the hell? Oh my god, no way. Hey bro, what's going on son? You're telling me you are going to try to ruin a guy's life because he doesn't want to push your TikTok career? When we saw the TikTok videos early on in the stream, they were ass. They were ass videos, bro. They were terrible. No chance in hell those were going viral. So I'm trying to say so. And then you want a 200,000 euros. What is that? What's the conversion rate? Is it like 230,000 year in American money? I don't know. A 200,000, 12,000. I don't know. I don't know the conversion rate. You know what I'm saying? I'm about to look it up right now. That's a lot of money. For what? For doing what? Why? Why? Why don't you receive that much money? Plus the TikTok career? How dare you? My goodness man. Listen.  It's crazy when something joins becoming one with the streets one with the street coalition. They don't know how to act man I think it's probably cuz you know when you get to a certain level You don't even have a bloodstream anymore. It's just all asphalt going through that joint sign. They cut you it doesn't bleed red Bleeds black as for black I need to put one of these sounds like that's a nice concrete right there like I got to find some sound I could put on to the sound board and be like yeah, that's a nice come because all I got is the street joint you know I'm saying I mean you know the street joint is cool. I can everybody can put two and two together We talk about the pavement and whatnot, but I feel like some maybe like this is some good as full You know I'm saying or a jackhammer or something. I don't know. I don't know make sure you like the string. Let's keep going Guys I can maybe get a Netflix deal get a hulu deal vice-winner view me Um, I'll get some I'll get some fame. I'll get my money somehow out of this. That's one that's happening Shit  is mad that he didn't give her 200,000 euro and promote her TikTok career because she wanted to stop being a stripper in London. Ta-da! There you go. Incredible, bro. Incredible. This is scary, though, bro. I mean, how do you even fight this? You can't. I think he's in Romania right now. So I would say if this was going down in the US, you know, due process. At least, due process, like they wouldn't have been none of this preventative detention BS that's going on right now because as you guys know, they haven't even really been formally charged yet. They're just detaining them because them being released from prison could cause damage to the investigation that the Romanians are trying to conduct right now. Like they're actively doing the case right now as we speak, trying to gather evidence to justify keeping them in jail longer. But with these new evidence that we have now, right, could the lawyer... Wait, does that even make sense? So pretty much they're locked up because they want to find evidence to keep...  them locked up and they haven't been charged with any how does that make sense hey listen bro we don't have to lock it as up what's the charges we ain't got no charges but we have a hunt you did some shit like what like yeah yeah yeah we got nothing but we really feel like you did some shit so we're just gonna lock you up just so you don't run away before we find out if you really did do some shit which we think you did what's that's crazy bro you know say that's crazy right Kobe boo free cobertate bra street dolphins street dolphins that's funny let's keep going currently getting evidence and get them out or no I would hope so open air I would hope so I mean this is a smoking gun yeah that there was that there was at least some kind of semblance of a plot to  get them jammed up. I mean, hell, even to the point where they're saying, oh, yeah, we got to pretend that we love them blah, blah, blah. So in my take, everything they say, because they remember guys, we know that we know that we don't know what their credentials are saying that they had been held against their will and trapped, right? And great. Well, now we got a question of validity of those interviews because you can see here prior that there's some kind of semblance of a conspiracy to make some kind of false allegation to get them jammed up. This could all been avoided. And then on top of that, the fact that they went over to France and had a bunch of unaccounted for money in a very expensive area to someone pay them off. Possibly. Did they plan this like with through someone else to go ahead and make a make a hit piece on the States, right? Honey trapped them because like I told you, before it wouldn't be out of the ordinary. I know for a fact, Andrew Tristan told us to our in person. There were forces out there trying to pay.  Women to make false accusations hell you guys want street sharks. Oh Sir, oh man, hey Kobe your hip street sharks back in the day. I don't know if y'all know that joint Street shirt the cartoon from back in the day Street sharks Oh, bro, that brings like memories that brings back memories Yeah, I used to love this show man. I always thought the hammerhead shark was ugly as hell's him But like yo, oh my goodness Damn Wow, this is nostalgic. I ain't gonna hold you These guys will decide here with Jesus Remories memories, let's keep on Another true back in 2021 we're going through all this BS. I got information that people are trying to do that to me Yeah, and we're sure and we're not even as big as them compared to them. Yeah, guys once you reach a sir level Okay, there will be people that are very self interested in your  failure and your demise and the quickest way to take someone down is a false great allegation. Yeah. Okay. So I've been in this situation as well, not to this degree, of course. But girls try to lie on me as well. This is the game when you become famous, unfortunately, because we live in a clown world where it's believe all women. But you guys can see right here, don't believe these hosts. This is why women deserve less. Real talk, bro. I'm not saying this on some asshole type shit. But it's a. Hey, hold up, bro. Hold up. This is our last. Whoa. That's wild. This guy got a published book. It's not even it. It's not a hard. It's not a hard. Oh, he did say something about a book. That's a hard copy. That's wild. I ain't gonna hold you. I ain't gonna hold you though. I can't be the only one who's interested to see what this book entails. I just I probably want to agree with the book. I probably will not agree with this book. But I  I am curious. I'm curious. Where is it? Hold on. I'm curious. How much is this book going for? I'm not gonna buy it, but I'm just curious. It's hard to me to type all this, right? I am curious. When we deserve less. 110 pages. Is it why when we deserve less? Oh, why when we deserve less? Holy crap. It's on Amazon. Oh, by Myron Games. Oh, this is not, this is by Sparta media. It's a nasty volume 14. Damn, how many volumes? Here we go. I'm gonna see, I'm gonna see charging. Byron Amazon. I wanna read. Oh, no. I'll see what you can read for free.  How much is it how much it costs on what I'm just curious? It's just oh that's who wrote the book oh Nah, oh you get if you have kind of unlimited is for free, but oh, no myron what was good myron? Hey, yo Hey, yo, are y'all looking at the? Hold up First of all the book is $20 crazy crazy, but Bro are y'all seeing the reviews 192 reviews? Bro 5 out of 99% who's the person who left the two star? That's definitely a moment Nothing new same talk of points is gimmick podcast used to funny money who's this and what is M stand for D? Come on out. D's a girl Who's M and probably stands for Margaret or some of it or Martha? I don't know you know Damn they they wrote some serious like I usually don't see reviews this this thorough  I feel sorry for lonely men who think they'll find the answer to their problems in this book looking to single man who hates women To give you dating advice is very unwise is a very unwise decision, which I'm not gonna hold you son I wouldn't buy this book so I feel like this book would probably be some crazy stuff in his giant son that is wild But look here's the wild thing though. I don't know if you guys peeped. I'm gonna read the rest of this She gave it two stars She could have gave it one why didn't she give it one she gave it to as as Who's definitely has to be like Margaret why should give two that tells me something that's how you she probably read the book Like man this book ain't half bad, but oh Man, I feel wrong in one star I feel wrong in one star the book is actually pretty thorough. It's pretty good I'm gonna give them two stars when I'm not gonna like it. I'm gonna leave him a long review. Just like what? That's crazy. I'm not gonna read this book I noticed book has to be bad son. It has to probably make you hate women is something  like that. I don't know because even the title is wild. In the past, yes, men found dating much easier. That's because women need immense to survive due to historical widespread oppression. Women could not get loans on property, go to college, etc. My goodness. What a good time right? I was like, that was a joke. That was a joke. They had no options other than to find a man, any man to marry and in order to do that, the woman were conditioned to fit the male gaze and be as desirable and romantic partners as possible in hopes of getting picked. So basically what I just heard from this little area right here is she said, listen, now that women don't have to do all that and they can get jobs, we are allowed to look ugly and terrible as possible. So we don't have to find do stuff to get men attracted. What's she saying? Is someone accurate? Let's keep it a bad. Is someone saying someone now is 2023 when men are a woman are self-sufficient and don't need men to survive? I mean, you don't what you do. Let's be real.  You don't, but you do, like, let's be real son, like, you make panic because a man, like, you're not fixing the car, y'all, you're going to a man to do it. Like, but I understand what she means, like, you don't need a man, like, I guess, uh, in the relationship, but you do need men because who's gonna build your house? I don't see a lot of female construction workers who are actually doing something. Not the ones that are just on the side moving traffic. Like, that's all that I usually see the female construction. They're moving traffic. They're not actually doing a heavy jackhammering and stuff like that. Uh, but men who are, who are never conditioned to be disabled to women because they never had to be and modern men are lonelyer than ever as more and more women prefer being single. Single, this is BS. Women do not prefer being single son. That's all cat. They don't prefer being single. They say that shit. They say that shit, right? Like, the right guy comes wrong son. They're definitely in love. Uh, studies are very clear that women bear that, uh, the brunt of the physical and emotional  and heterosexual marriages. What? How? What about the guy having to succeed and be the breadwinner and do all this other stuff? Like what? Emotional and physical? Physically woman, our far less happy after getting married to men. What? Marriage is not for happiness though, believe it or not. Whereas the reverse is true for men. Men reported to being happier and even live longer as a benefit of a female life partner. Yeah, that's true. No, it's simple supply and demand. When men were the demand, the women made themselves as the desirable as possible. Now that the script has flipped and men are desperate for women, but it's the part of women interested in dating is low. Men need to take themselves, make themselves as desirable as possible based on the female gaze. Not actually. Women are number men. Women are number men.  Listen, it's one of those things that you're joining now that you're younger, but once you get older You're gonna realize like damn. I wish I had somebody with me Like I wish I had somebody with me. Maybe the dudes were younger. It might be like oh, yeah, I wish I had the joint But once you get older you start realizing like damn Okay, I mean she's gonna realize that too. I mean Well women need to attract when women needed to attract man they listen to men if you watch movies by men Listen to music by men and read books by men, etc You are very quickly understanding man's desirable partner women created entire personality based on men a male desire for the cool girl Son is biological though son. I don't think that's true, but now that men need to learn by cons Consuming female media they refuse Because massage and he runs deep and instead of doing what is necessary to find a romantic partner there instead of clinging to books like this Ah  Malone hate Philman who convinces them that women are the problem. So maybe this book Will make a lonely man feel validated for a few days, but won't change his circumstances plenty of Men have fulfilling romantic and sexualized with women that they see as they're equal Cost and lonely man to seek out advice from those couples instead of Andrew states now. Oh, Andrew state He's a hundred. Wow. That's crazy. Knock off self-approved. It's humbling and challenging That's a real solution unlike this garbage. Listen, I haven't read the book But the reviews are looking pretty good and I'm gonna say what I said before and the video was that bad I mean if the book was that bad you should have gave it one star. I don't know why you gave it only two Why are you giving it two stars? She ain't saying nothing good about this book at all But she gave it two stars book ain't that bad Same thing here with him same talking points to give me podcast use the fun of a  If I'm lonely people with respect and more it's a sad day. Hey, he ain't following my money for me I ain't paying no $20 for that book. I'm gonna tell you that right now, but let's get back to this right son This is interesting. I can't believe this book is $20 Who I would never I would never Great reviews on Amazon though, man the boys making my I told you guys is making money son. They're waking hard They make a money so I respect it. I respect the hustles. I respect the grind. Let's keep going though Real talk bro This on some asshole type shit, but it's like so many girls do fuck shit like this once again though This could have up and avoided looking at the cameras So I know for matter of fact whoever's in charge of that Romanian setup with the the judge You know the evidence whatever doesn't want to be shown because if they would show it they're gonna be innocent So I don't know what's happening there, bro, but these girls are fucking liars, bro. That's what I know. Yeah, 100% Yeah, man, so like I said before and the thing that pisses me off is that people keep coming out with stuff Saying negative things about Andrew and Tristan and they can't defend themselves. So we're gonna make sure that anything new that comes  up guys. We stand by them. We'll stand by them. We're going to keep giving you, keeping you guys updated. You know what I mean? But this was the latest news that we got. That was actually accurate and true. So yeah. And we want to make sure that we give you guys the whole perspective so you guys know from beginning to end how we even got here between these two accusers, them going to France on vacation, and then these this ridiculous text message conversation between the two. So I mean, what you guys could take away from this is number one, protect yourselves, keep documentation on everything. Record everything. Record everything. Yeah. And you know, let's try to get our boys home. Man, I know they got a hearing on February 27th. Yeah. Um, we wrote some character letters for them. I hope it gets right in court and that we get we get them out, man, because this is this is really starting to become a violation of human rights at this point, because we have clear cut evidence that they that they there's a good likelihood that these men are innocent. We know they're innocent. Yeah. But let's say to the courts that you know, think, oh, we're there probably guilty. Like we have some pretty strong evidence.  now that they're innocent, even for these people that don't like the tastes. Yep. Yo, wow, it's innocent, so proven guilty. But they're on a fishing expedition right now to keep them in jail so that they can continue to gather evidence. And their excuse is that, oh, well, if we release the dates, there are flight risk, they have a lot of money, they can negatively influence the victims, etc. Influence which victims? These two bimbos that clearly conspired to lie. And they're free. And then I'll talk about that. There's two other victims. Okay. Right? But they're not victims. They came out and said, yo, we're not victims. What are y'all talking about? Dicot, who is an agency investigating this case? We're not victims, but Dicot insists on saying that they're victims. We're going to go interview those two women into Dubai and give you guys a fucking real story. Because the mainstream media has been doing something that young, the Marco sound is so tough to be young, the Marco, Marco. Bring everything in their power to not let their story get out. All right. I wonder why.  class that vice, you know, Fox and all this other stuff. None of them are reporting this stuff fake news. But we're the real news today, you know, none of them. I just think Percy Manellate at this point, once this is all said and done, I hope everyone that hit in our Andrew Tristan, that said, yes, they're in jail, may fund them, you know, a lot that they're at their misery get a big at few because you know what? I know we know they're innocent. Most of you guys know that innocent as well, but we need to get this out there so people know as well. Yeah, guys. Um, so the mainstream media is not reporting this. All right, guys, that's probably going to be the stream for me. I feel like they're about to just keep repeating themselves. And I think they made, they made some good points throughout this video. So I'm beyond. But I think, I think if you, if you want to ask me, if you want to ask me, I honestly think that they didn't do nothing like when it came to the use allegations. The reason why vice and stuff like that, vice, you guys heard, you know, I hate  liberal BS and the mainstream media is mainly liberal so they're usually gonna go on the side of woke so they're gonna go on the side of Women and they're gonna go on the side of minority groups even if it says That this situation is not what it is. They're still gonna go on those sides. It's just the way it is You know, it's what gets to clicks if this information which seems like it might be true If this is really that accurate most likely Vice is not gonna try to reporting said they're not gonna report it cuz it goes against the narrative goes against the narrative that Evil white man even though I think Andrew Tate is mixed Andrew Tate's dad I think is black or something like that or half black or something like that So is it goes against the narrator they can't have that they can't have that. No, this is gonna look terrible It's gonna make it look like oh wow. So you tell me that women can lie like false actually allegations can happen. That's a factual thing Uh, yeah, it'll both  And you're taking it identifies a woman no bulls. But yeah, man, that's one of those things, man. I don't know guys. I don't know. I'm just sick and tired of my lucky. And I really do believe that justice will prevail in due time. In due time, justice will prevail, guys. But yeah, man, make sure you guys like the stream. We'll stream it again tomorrow. At least I'm gonna try to, you know what I'm saying? I said that the other day. The streamer going to tomorrow, unless some crazy new story happens, two moms already told me he wants me to do a video with little Kai tonight, right? But a lot of people are telling me that video's ass. But I'm gonna still do it. Because we'll figure out if it's ass, if it's ass, we'll get off of it. You know what I was saying? They did the same here to TI. What you know about that. What you know about that? Or the chat time is working now? I love to like, oh, okay, two moms are already left.  He said, let's do 20, let's do 20, let's do 20 versus one. Yeah, yeah, man, that's the one I'm talking about. The little car is not the 20 versus one jump. We're gonna do that tomorrow. And we're gonna get on that joint ASAP, all right? I'm saying, but thank you all a lot. Like I said, I'm not wearing my merch right now. But make sure you get the merch. Mo fo, man, offering females orgasms. I'm like in the description box below. You know what I'm saying? Definitely do that. But that's all I gotta say, guys. I put hold on lazy, lazy, lazy, who think they can be more by line. I'm telling you, Brad, I'm trying to tell you. But this is, this is the thing though, guys. When you do this, like when you push yourself in a position, right? And I'm repeating pretty much for fresh and fit to it. It's just like, okay, let me say this. When the world or the Western culture is pretty much saying, like, listen, this believe all women is like, dude, this is impossible for them to lie. Oh, blah, blah, blah. You don't think other women is gonna realize this and be like, oh, wow, we can really just, like, we can really just destroy it.  guy by just coming up with a fake allegation. Oh, that's just say something like at this point nowadays, guys, you don't even have to have proof. Just say like, yo, this person did it. Oh, this person did this to me. They automatically just believe it. They just believe it. No proof whatsoever. I'm like, oh, that's it. That's all I need to hear. It's crazy, but I don't understand like public opinion is crazy. And even if it comes up that Tate is not found guilty, people are going to still say he's guilty. That's the terrible thing about it, right? It's crazy. It's crazy, guys. I don't know. I don't know, man. This stuff is bonkers. But yeah, make sure you all leave it like before I leave, man. Thank you all so much for coming with me. Oh, come with me, Paulus. But thank you all so much for getting all straight with me today, man, especially me, me inconsistent news in the discord. Comas, news in the discord. This guy told me funny. So there's news in the discord. That's interesting. Why did Tate brothers bring new holes on the team they should have?  They said, why not though, you gotta grow your hoe. You know what I'm saying? Most of them brides make them sense content by drowning themselves in wine and party and no bull from Niggas offering females orgasms. We need to make a role more foe or something like that. You know what I'm saying? We could do Nipho, no foe, Niggas offering females orgasms. You know what I'm saying? Wofo, white offering females orgasms. Both foe, blacks, you know what I'm saying? A foe, who's your agents offering females orgasms? You know what I'm saying? I don't know, I'm doing every ethnicity. I know that I'm victim blaming. A Kobe, Kobe, I'm gonna tell you this right now. Thank you K Woods. This is a perfect spot for victim blamers. I'm a big time victim blamer. I blame victims on a daily basis. Oh yeah, he touched me over here.  Why are you over there? Why did you, why did you, I don't know, why did you? I mean, I've victim blame when it calls for. Like if you go over to a dude's house at like 1 o'clock AM and you get great, I'm not saying, like, I'm still the guy is still bad, he needs to get locked up and throw away the key and everything. Put him under the jail, you feel me? But I'm still gonna be like, why did you go over to his house at 1 o'clock AM? Like, did you not think he was trying to, what y'all think about the study? It's pussy hours. It's a pussy hours. 11.30 PM and up is pussy hours. Why why would you go to his house at that time? Are you blaming the victim? I kind of am. Like, she could have avoided the situation by just not going. And 1 o'clock AM, like, come on now. Now, if it happens, like, if he tells her to come over at 5 o'clock PM and it happens, I'm like, whoa, it's 5 o'clock PM. Like, she probably thinking, they might just be chilling or something like that. You know me, but you go on to the crib at 1 o'clock AM? Like, slam, come on, son.  Let's not be stupid. Let's not be stupid, son. Chris shut up. But all right y'all back. Tomorrow, 20v1, unless some crazy story pops up. My taxes coming up, gonna be dropped out. Even when we know about these new bros, goofy. And I like how we all are starting to call them bros. I appreciate that. You go to that for tone. This guy's home say he might be dripped up with the taxes, that's funny. Don't spend it all. But all right y'all, see you out tomorrow. Peace and blessings, you ugly mothoes.