 Ready to break the internet friend? How are we going to break the internet? You said you wanted this to be impactful. What's what would that look like to you? That's a really good question. I think a lot of people are interested in my journey. I think a lot of people are interested in how it feels to go through what I'm going through. I think there's a lot of people who want me to martyr myself. A lot of people are living vicariously through me. Yeah. There's a lot of people who say, yeah, Andrew, keep going. They don't really care. They just enjoy the drama of it all. And I think I've already broken the internet, but you're a very interesting man to talk to. With your insights, I think, together, we're going to have quite a large audience. Yeah. I mean, that's a question that I have for you. Why did you want to talk to me? Because in the psychotherapist, you have your skepticism about psychotherapy. And yet, here I am. That's true. We had a conversation before, and I've been told by many people that was my most interesting podcast ever. So I think it obviously varies from the norm in terms of the normal things I'm asked about. You have some unique insights. And I thought it would be an interesting conversation. A lot of people are asking me especially.  about my mental state and those kind of things post jail. So I thought, well, my most interesting podcast ever, people seem to be very interested in that side of me. So perhaps it can be a good conversation. Does it make you nervous that there may be things that you don't know about yourself, that I'm going to try to reveal to you? I know everything about myself. You know everything about yourself. I believe that I have a intimate grasp of all the things about myself, which matter, which allow me to compete. Right. So there may be things I don't know, but I'm not sure if I particularly need them. So I'm not that interested. Right. What's useful is more important than what's true. Absolutely. And you've developed the framework of thinking about yourself and thinking about reality that's been incredibly effective for you. Completely. What's useful is more, you nailed it. What's useful is more important than what's true. This is an old argument of mine, but I think we discussed it in the last podcast, and I'll say it again, when I say I don't believe in depression, nobody can convince me to believe in depression. That's not a matter of discussing of the depression's real or not. That's a matter of me.  accepting that my mental model for going through life is more effective if I don't believe I can become a depressed person. I don't believe in depression so I can't be depressed so that allows me to be more effective. It's not a matter of sitting there going well maybe it's true maybe it isn't I don't believe in it. So I can't catch it. You shape your own reality through the conviction of your thoughts, your beliefs and the words that you use. Why else would you adopt any kind of mindset unless it's designed specifically to make you competitive and make you win? You install the software in your mind right so if I'm going to install software in my mind. Well I've tried very hard to create it. Because wasn't it installed by your upbringing, wasn't installed by your mother and your father in some way before you were conscious while you were just developing child like something got programmed into your psyche that has to have an impact on you and those things can't necessarily be known because you were such a young age. Absolutely. We're all programmed to some degree. I agree with you on this so far. I don't think anybody can escape programming whether it's  Whether it's a television show, whether it's the people around you, peer pressure, whether it's a religion, we're all programmed to some degree, that's absolutely not really true. What I have done and what I think most people do not do is heavily analyze why I hold the beliefs I hold, why they help me. If I don't hold the belief personally or if I didn't learn it from personal experience, I know where it came from, who tried to teach me that, whether their intentions for me were good or bad. And I've tried very hard to have my mindset originally analyzed and make sure that it's put together in a way which benefits me completely and absolutely. And I do not believe in things that take away power from me. I refuse to do that. I would rather say that they are not real. And people will sit here and argue to the end of time that they are real, but they're not real in my world. And I live inside of my mind. So even if you throw me in a Romanian dungeon, the idea that I become a depressed person is not a framework that my mind works within. So I can't become depressed. I can feel a little bit sad. I'm not sure I can feel depressed, but I can't be depressed. They're very different things.  So that's just the mindset I've installed and it's allowed me to be competitive. And I believe personally, my personal beliefs are that life as a man is hyper competitive. And whatever software you have in your mind should be designed to make you as competitive as possible. And you shouldn't be believing in absolutely anything else. So I've tried very hard to make sure all of my worldviews and all of my experiences and everything is created and aimed in a direction which is going to allow me to be a fearsome competitor in all realms of human endeavor. Has there been some of your beliefs or convictions that have been challenged? For the experiences that you've had, particularly in the last, well recently. Well people challenge me often. And what a lot of people don't understand is that I will never adopt the thinking of somebody who is sad and I will never adopt the thinking of somebody who is less competitive than I am or less successful than I am. If someone comes along and goes, Andrew, you are wrong, the way you see the world is wrong. But they are suffering from an affliction. Why would I adopt a single I.O. of what they say? So it's kind of funny when I talk about depression. The number...  of people who defend depression. Depression's ruined my life. It's super real, and my lost my wife and my life is over, and I want to kill myself, it's real. Like, surely you should like my worldview. Depression's so terrible and has destroyed your entire existence. You should be listening to me tell you it's not real. But instead they're defending it and sticking up for it, which I find very interesting. So that's the first thing. In regards to whether I have had any of my convictions challenged, it's kind of amazing. Maybe it's just a semantics trick, and maybe it's that simple. Maybe it's as simple as saying, I feel a little bit depressed today, but I am not a depressed person. I cannot become depressive. I'm not going to have depression. Maybe it's just a semantics trick. And by saying that alone, I understand that it's a temporary state of mind, which I can alter, and I can affect. And I've never struggled with long-term depression or long-term negative thoughts, because I don't believe in that mental model. I think that your mind, like I said, it's software it's programmed in, and they say inside the matrix, or in every single video game, there are...  boundaries and there are limits or certain things you can and can't do. And I don't believe, my mind can be put in a state of permanent negativity. I don't believe in that. I don't think it's possible. So, it just doesn't happen. You said you experienced some form of depression or depression, depressive feelings in sadness in prison. What were the thoughts that were coming up? What was happening? Well, there's a lot of uncertainty, which is the first thing which I... That has to be scary. It is scary. It's scary. And also because you're a man who's totally in control of your world, of your life. And that's almost like an imperative for you. And it gives you power. And all of a sudden, you're thrust into a situation where you're essentially helpless. Well, you just nailed it. You completely nailed it because I was exactly about to say it's the uncertainty that I struggle with the most because in my life, I'm in charge of everything. I know exactly how everything works and I'm the boss and I get to control absolutely everything. And this is the first time in a long time I'm in a scenario where I have no power whatsoever. No influence, basically. I don't know what's going to happen. But the else knows what's going to happen.  And also in my world view, in my world, I'm the hero, right? I'm the head of the clan. Not just my family, but of a lot of people. A lot of people rely on me, lots of women rely on me, children rely on me, etc. So everyone comes to me every time there's a problem. So they continue to do that while I'm in a jail cell expecting me to have some kind of answer. And I'm like, well, I don't have an answer this time. Every other time I had an answer, but this time is a bit unique. How did that feel? You don't have the answers. You can't help. Yeah. I mean, it was frustrating. It's very frustrating. And it's the uncertainty that would bother me. I don't think I felt sad very often, but I certainly felt extremely frustrated. I would sit there and think there has to be a way out of this room. Not breakout, but there must just be some words I can say, someone I can talk to. There must be a way, it's only a door. Like, I can't just be stuck in this room. And it was hyper-fustrating. Yeah, and the uncertainty of it is also scary because in my situation, every 30 days, they decide if they hold you longer or not. And I was a-  encountering people who have been there for years in my scenario. Well, the uncertainty is a form of torture, really. Oh, absolutely. Yeah, it's torture. It is torture. And it's designed to make you break. You don't know how long you're going to be there for. Nobody knows. You hear horror stories. You see other people getting out who've done worse things than you after a week, because they've signed a piece of paper or admitted to something or whatever they've done, done a deal. And you're sitting there, and yeah, it's hyper-fustrating. And I think you have two choices as a man often when bad things happen. I feel like you can maybe get depressed and sad about it, but the other outlets usually anger or form of anger. I felt like anger was more, in many cases, anger is more effective, I guess. It's more useful. You were angry in there? I wouldn't say I was angry, but if I started to feel negative, I could turn it into frustration or anger, which I could at least alleviate with 2,000 push ups. It's better than feeling sorry for myself. I feel like if I had to choose one of the two outlets, deciding to use controlled anger was more beneficial than sitting around.  I'm feeling sorry for myself. I don't ever believe in moping or feeling sad. So when I was at my worst, perhaps I was a little bit angry. But then again, I also think I do that in my normal life. If I'm honest, I don't think anger is a necessarily bad thing. I think that misdirected anger is a bad thing. I think if you get very angry about scenarios and you put it in the correct direction, you get unlimited motivation and you get a lot done. The water behind the dam, it can be destructive, but if it's pushing through the turbine, it powers the town. So if I wake up and I go, I want more money. If I can get pissed off enough about it, I can do 36 hour work days. So there's nothing wrong with being angry in my world as long as you are putting it in the correct direction. It's uncontrolled anger, I think, is a problem. Right. Anger can be used as a fuel and it's necessary. And from my framework, anger sometimes is a mask for pain. I'd agree with that. So did you experience pain in there? I know that's a pain is a kind of an abstract word, but...  Was it painful for you? Like I want to know about your pain. Yeah, it's strange because I'm being as honest as possible. It's strange because I had this instilled sense of duty where even though I'm in a jail cell and I can't leave and even though I'm cripplingly bored, I don't feel like I had time to feel pain or I didn't feel like I had time to be a victim of it. You had nothing but time. No, I didn't have time. What are you talking about? Because everyone outside still relied on me. So when I would get on the phone, people would say, Is that avoidance? I don't know. Do you keep busy? Do you avoid your feelings by keeping busy being on the computer all the time? All the things I had to do still had to be done. Just because they threw me in a cell, it just made it more difficult, which means I have less time than ever because the difficulty has been increased. And when I would get on the phone, we wouldn't discuss how I'm feeling. I'd be worried about how everyone else is. They'd be like, how are you? Yeah, I'm in jail. What's going on with this? Are you a...  Okay, are your bills paid? Are press hassling you? I was worried about fixing everyone else's problems from jail more than I was concerned about myself or my own mental well being. And if I felt particularly, when I say pain, pain is an awkward one. I don't know if I felt pain because I don't feel sorry for myself. And I've developed this mindset of such absolute accountability that even though what happened to me I believe was unfair. And even though I'm completely innocent, I didn't think, I didn't think, why is this happening? I didn't think, why me? I didn't think this is unfair. Like none of these things crossed my mind. I was like, this is garbage. However, you can't become the most Google man in the world without, with every light has a dark, right? Like let's be realistic about this. I'm throwing in a jail cell. Do I belong here? No, but am I here? Yes. I was pretty logical about it. And I was like, okay, I've got a lot of things I need to get done. And I was feel angry if I couldn't get them done. But...  I don't think I felt pain. Now, I'll admit, I don't sleep very well since I've left. Why? I can admit. Do you know why? I heard you say in one interview that you have nightmares. I do have nightmares. What are your nightmares about? I don't think they're about anything. I just have almost like an adrenaline rush out. I'm nowhere while I'm sleeping and I chew up. I bowl awake. No thoughts, no memories, no feelings. No real thoughts, no real story. Fear, that's fear. I guess it is, yeah. So let's just, you know, you're unconf... Let's, you know, the dreams are a reflection of the unconscious. And if you're having nightmares, there must be some unresolved fear that wants to get worked out. I believe so, but then also, I love the idea of that. This is the way of having unresolved fear. That sounds like the most interesting thing in the world to me. If someone were to say to me, Andrew, take this pill and your unresolved fear will vanish. I would say absolutely not, early not. That's not fun. The fun is there's something in my mind which I don't have complete control or complete understanding.  of yet and it's not detrimental my day-to-day life really. Okay, I lose a bit of sleep, but this sounds like an interesting journey. It sounds like I'm in a new level of the video game and I've been thrust into a dark forest and I get to do something brand new and I'm really genuinely not worried about it. You're not worried. Yeah, you shouldn't be worried about it. I'm not worried about it. I'm not worried about it and I'm also not like, oh, I need to fix this. I don't care. I'll have nightmares and I'll wake up and I'll either go back to sleep or I'll continue to work. That's life. Maybe life will keep giving you situations in which you'll have to confront that fear to resolve it. Why would I want to resolve it? Well, because... I mean, if I'm really that tired, I'll sleep. No, but fear creates distortions in our mind. I mean, fear is the seed of evil. Yeah. And so we want to know what we're afraid of because if we block our fear, we're susceptible to bad actions. And fooling ourselves about what they are rationalizing. So I would argue that it's actually vital for you in the position that...  you are in the responsibility that you have to actually confront your fear in a very real way, which probably goes back to your childhood. I mean your dad was, I mean I'm, you know, the haircut story and I don't know if you want to talk about it, if you're willing, but that's it. You know when I read that, I'm thinking about that little boy, it must have been fucking terrifying. It is, but I do think I had the best father on earth. Not disputing that. I mean there's a lot of good that came from your father. I'm not disputing that father was a good man. And you say he could go from zero to 100 like that, that for a little boy. It's scary. It's fucking scary. It is, but I'm. And that fear has to be in you. You don't know what the fuck he's going to do. Yeah, completely. Yeah. But that's, I think that's prepared me for life fantastically. And I also, and I also think the fear of, but have you reached a limit? Have you, well of the video game, I mean you're, you're facing all these charges, right? So something, and maybe this is what you need to go through. I mean you're on the heroes journey, right? And this is inevitable in some way, but.  so along the hero's journey, you have to die to be reborn. That's true. And I agree with all of that. But if I'm genuinely... I mean, I psychoanalyze myself all the time, which is one of the main reasons I don't believe in therapy and psychoanalysis. Of course you can. I do it myself. You don't think that's hubris? No. You can know your own mind that you don't need reflection from others to see yourself. I think you can see yourself perfectly. I think that... No, I don't think I can see myself perfectly, but I think that life is a perfect reflection. But why not get help? Why not? Because then it becomes a crutch. I like the idea that I can rely on myself to fix myself. Well, you have a coach. Is that a crutch? No, it's not, because he's teaching me something. Something different. That's fine. But like, if I had an affliction, I would like to be my own doctor. And I think with your mind you can do a lot of it yourself. And I think if you have a very strict framework and how you measure how successful you are as a human and I do it through competence and achievement, I say, which mindset do I need to achieve as much as I can possibly achieve? Right. And I can measure that...  and real time, I can measure that in literally dollars and world championship title belts. I can literally measure the success. I'll say, okay, well then these are the mindset I need to have to be as successful as possible. Anything that's devuating me away from that needs to be addressed and concerned and dealt with and I can do that myself. And I think the fear that if it's fear that's waking me up from nightmares now, it's just because I understand there's a very big apparatus, a very big enemy which I cannot destroy and I cannot be coming to get me. So I do think that wakes me up. I think the fear is healthy. I think I'd be stupid to not be afraid. But I don't necessarily want the fear to go away because I have no problems feeling bad. Well, it's not about going away. It's coming into deeper relationship with it and understanding there's fear that's happening in real time but there's also fear that may be in your psyche somewhere, in your body that's connected to your history and that may need to be resolved because otherwise you're projecting things out that may, you may not be seeing reality totally clearly. That's the thing, right? Like is there a way that you're not seeing things perfectly clearly? Well then we go.  back to what I just said about, perhaps that's true, but if I measure myself purely on competence and purely on achievement, whatever I think and whatever I'm doing is obviously fantastic. So I'm very happy with the mindset I have. And then we go into the argument which is a level deeper is, do am I supposed to be happy? Am I supposed to feel good? No, it's not happy. No, of course, but this is what I don't understand about people, especially men in the world today. Why are they so worried about being afraid? Why are they so worried about? I was afraid every time I fought. I fought anyway. Yeah. Like I don't let fear guide what I'm going to do. I do what I'm supposed to do regardless of how I feel. So I don't see anything wrong with feeling fearful. I don't see anything wrong with feeling stressed or under pressure or anxious. All these things men are trying to get rid of. And I talk about men specifically, I gender this because I'm a man. I don't know how it feels to be a woman. But all these things that people are trying very hard to get rid of from their brains, I don't see why they need to leave. I will argue the point that if I feel anxious and pressured and stressed and fearful, I will get more done.  than it was happy. I think I was happy. I'd just be hedonistic and just wasting my time. I think that you get a whole bunch done with these negative connotations and negative emotions. And I think that life is suffering and pain. And you're here to go through it. And that sooner you get used to the taste, the more successful you're gonna be. I have no interest in trying to change the flavor, my friend. The flavor of life is pain. And I will eat all of it. And it doesn't matter if they put me back in jail or not. I'm not sitting there going, how can I be happy in jail? I will sit in jail and say, yes, this sucks. It's supposed to suck. Yes, I'm not enjoying this. Yes, I'm anxious and paranoid. And yes, that guy might stab me. And yes, I can't sleep and I miss my family. And this is what's supposed to happen to me. And this is how I become the best man I can possibly be. And I'm gonna succeed regardless. You're very convincing. You're so good though, right? It's almost like I feel like you can rationalize anything. Right, it's almost like a trick. Magic trick? Well, you're really good at talking. You're really smart. And it's almost like any question you can turn and make it work for you, which is great. It's a skill, but there's also place where...  where there's the potential for self-delusion. Oh, absolutely. And I'm not even going to sit here and say that I'm not delusional to a degree. I'm not saying that self-delusion doesn't exist. We all are, right? Let me give you a very simple example. Let me try and use an analogy. I think the only thing better than having everything you want is not wanting anything, right? So I have every car on this planet. I have four e-supercars. Most people want a supercar. I have four T. But there's that unique, not 0.1% of people who genuinely don't want one. And I think that's more freeing than having everything you want, right? So the true mindset is not wanting anything. Most people the best they can do is having everything they want. And I feel like you can kind of do this with the emotions as well. I guess my general consensus is that I don't think I can change or affect the world to the point where pain and suffering and bad things are not going to happen. So isn't it best if I just...  Enjoy all of that. Doesn't that make me as powerful as possible? If I say, oh yeah, okay, this is gonna suck good. I mean, I do it when I fight. Yesterday I was fighting, right? We were doing 12 rounds and all of us were destroyed. And the more he hurt me, the more I wanted to hurt him back. The more he hurt me, the better it felt. The more powerful I felt, the more he hit me. Because then it's my turn. Right? So, if I can't stop him from punching me and I'll do my best, but if I can't, then surely you should learn to enjoy it, right? And I don't think you can stop life from hitting you. And I don't think you can stop life from giving you unexpected surprises. And other things you can stop yourself from feeling sometimes sad or anxious or upset. So I think the best mindset you could adopt is finding that engaging and exciting. I'm not gonna lie to you. Although I am facing very serious charges and although they are trying to destroy my life, and although I cannot sleep the same, and although they're out to get me, and although I've suffered, part of me is excited. Part of me is like, okay. Why? Because it's a war. You like war. I think all men do.  I do. Yeah, ever-old men do. So it's a battle. It's exciting. Yeah, it's exciting. So I'm not saying I'm glad it happened, because I'm certainly not. And I'm not saying I'm going to win. But I'm saying that I've trained myself to the point where if I were walking down the street in 10 men with a pole knives on me, I'd be intimidated. But 20% of me would go, this is going to be, this we want to remember. Do you have a belief that you could take 10 men with knives? I have a belief that. Yeah, I do. That's but that. That's delusional. That's delusional. That's what happens. It makes me, it gives me a best chance of possibly winning. No, running away would give you the best chance of possibly winning. Of course. I'm almost not. And then coming back and being safe and then serving out your mission. Of course I would run away in that scenario. But if I had to engage them. I'm not going to leave. If I had, yeah. If I had to engage them. Right. If I had to fight them, I believe I'd be the most capable if I believed I could win. Of course. So for that reason, if I have to self-delude, then I will self-delude, and I will convince myself that I am here to destroy all 10 of them. And I will say it in a way where at least seven of them believe me. And that's the most important part sometimes about all of this self-delusion.  is that a lot of other people start to believe what you say. And I'm not saying that I say bad things. If a man were to sit in front of you and say, I can rip your head off with my little finger and he said it in the right terms and he truly believed it in his heart, you would want him to try. As ridiculous as that sounds, you'd be like, he's got a big maybe, it crosses your mind. So I think that, yeah, I have psychoanalyzed myself, even though I'm officially certified. And I've decided that I can't stop bad things from happening to me. So instead, I'm going to enjoy bad things happening to me. And I'm going to build a mindset that makes me fear some enough to succeed regardless of how stacked the odds are against me. Yeah, yeah. And I appreciate your mindset and it's well thought out and it's useful to you. And so I'm not, I'm just pushing up against the places where I think there might be contradiction. I like to hear it. I like to hear it, but like I said right now, I'm not a coward. And I want to make this very clear, I'm not a coward. I don't care if I don't sleep again.  for the rest of my life. I refuse to take any fucking pill and I refuse to sit and have my mind altered by anything I do not control. I don't care if I have nightmares for the rest of human time. As long as I'm in charge of my mind, I'm in charge of my life. If God decides that I don't need nightmares anymore, I'll fathom out how to stop it. If God decides I need to wake up in the middle of the night in a sweat, fearful, or afraid they're coming to get me, then that's God's plan for me and that's what I'm gonna deal with. I'm not coward, I'm not afraid of any of these things. I'm not afraid of feeling bad, I'm not afraid of anxiety, I'm not afraid of panic. This is one of the things I think a lot of men out there struggle with is they're so worried and afraid of bad feelings. And to me, that's just showing that you've had an easy life. Like there's real people out here who are trying to kill you. There's people I ever put a knife in your neck. You're scared of what? Stealing sad? Who cares? Like there's real problems. What you worried about feeling sad for? Who gives a shit? I could feel sad for the rest of my life and I guarantee one nobody would know and two, I would be monumentally successful regardless. So why are we even talking about it? I have no fear for a negative feeling. I have fear.  for me not being able to provide for my children, I fear for people who rely on me not being provided for and cared for, but I don't have a single, I don't wake up and go, I really am worried if I might feel sad today. Who cares? Who cares? I can be happier sad on the same day. Nobody notices and the same things get done. The exact same amount of work gets done. Nothing changes. How are you making sense of what's happening to you? Is it God's will? Is it a co-creation? In some way, did you co-create this? Or are you just like a victim of the matrix? No, I'm not a victim. So absolutely everything is, I believe. Completely, but I believe in self-accountability. Sure. I could have prevented this. Well, how did you co-create this? Let's presuppose you did. I co-create this by being monumentally successful. There's no light without dark, equal an opposite force. But you said you're excited about it, so maybe there's some way you actually wanted this. I didn't want this.  I had conversations with Tristan for a long time and I kept saying Icarus to him. When I would decline certain podcasts, I would decline meeting certain famous people, I would decline talking about politics, I would decline things, and I would keep saying Icarus. And he would say, why are you doing this? And I just would like to play Icarus. Because I knew if I got too big that they were going to come from me, I knew that. So I tried to balance it and I felt like I did a pretty good job, but unfortunately I got a little bit wrong. My fault, I got it wrong, I put myself here. But I also don't believe that there's any light without dark. It's ying and yang for a reason. I don't think that I can just become the most Googled man on the planet and become monumentally successful and make hundreds of millions of dollars and nothing bad is going to come from it. I think that would be hubris. You just used word hubris, it's a fantastic word. I think it would be stupid for me to sit there and go, I should be able to do all of this good and have a fantastic life and there's going to be no repercussion in any form. I knew this was coming to the point where I literally sat with Tristan about three weeks before it happened and said, we're fucked. And why did it happen? It happened because I became monumentally successful.  became monumentally influential and the world is about. You did create it, in some way you co-created it. Like you knew this was going to happen. And so the maybe in some way unconsciously, you wanted it to happen. Like if you're on this hero's journey and you're living this big life and you have a big vision for yourself. I mean, you know, you bring up guys like Jangus Khan and I think that's kind of appropriate because in another era, you probably would have been one of those cats, right? So now we're here. And maybe you need this in some way, you need this test to really feel yourself, to know how strong you actually are. I mean, I know what you're saying. I don't think I need the test. I do feel like I need to tell the truth. I do feel like I... The truth is, well, the truth about the matrix? Yeah, what I believe. And I do believe that I have a responsibility because of my massive platform. And I do believe that the responsibility is for me to do my best to educate people in a way that's going to make them happy.  And I know I could have sold my soul a thousand times and I know I could have avoided this I know I could have not said certain things and I understand all of that I wasn't looking for a war this large I wouldn't say I was looking for it But I wasn't ignorant to the fact that it might happen and I wasn't afraid you didn't do anything to avoid it though I did I did a lot to avoid it. I think Icarus I must have said it a thousand times I could have made it much worse But I was never afraid of it happening I think I think there's a difference between knowing something bad might happen and taking the calculated risk and going This is my journey for truth and this is what I believe is what I should do and being afraid of something like I understand if I go into the ring I might lose but I do believe 93% chance I'm going to destroy him well, you want to fight either way I guess so because how else do you matter right? That's my point and I'm not saying that I'm glad I'm being persecuted for false human trafficking side of Romania I'm not saying that at all but I'm saying that yet on the other side of this how strong will you be?  stronger stronger than you could be otherwise, but for sure and have more power and influence otherwise. Absolutely. I mean it's a Nelson Mandela. Completely. Now, I wouldn't want to spend fucking whatever amount of time in jail. That sounds fucking scary, but it's not uncommon for heroes. Well, exactly. And if you take the lessons from it and if we want to once again talk about being as formidable as possible, then I don't think jail, okay, it's given me nightmares, but I don't think it's made me weaker. And it could have easily made me weaker. I could have gone through the exact same experience with a different mental model and emerged weaker. I believe I've emerged stronger. Regardless of the fact that I have nightmares, I didn't have nightmares before now I do, but I still see myself as a stronger person. That's one more thing I no longer have to fear from an unknown perspective. I know exactly what it's like. I know the best ways to deal with it, which I developed within the three months. And if they put me back, I know what I'm going into. So that's a unknown area of the map explored. I don't want to go, but I do believe that I'm more powerful than Everin.  You have to find the good in it. That's absolutely not for sure. But I don't think I was, I want to be very careful. I don't think I was looking for this fight. I'm finding the good in this fight. I believe that my fight actually has far reaching repercussions for society now. I think that however this plays out is going to affect society in real time. I wasn't looking for it, but I was never, did you attract it in some way? Well, if you, if you are a force for good, then the evil is going to attack you, isn't it? And I do genuinely believe this is the battle of good versus evil in the world today. I believe that truth is always going to be on the side of good. I am religious. I believe the things I say most people knew were true only 10 to 15 years ago. I don't think they're radical ideas. And I think that there is an evil force in the world which is extremely deceptive. And they are out to try and silence me. Not because what I say is wrong. It's in fact because what I say is right. I believe the reason I have so much influence and the reason so many young boys listen to me and pay attention to me is because I say things that are true that they  intrinsically, evolutionarily inside of their bones as true, that I say things which work. People often wonder why my fan base is so feverish, why my fan base is so dedicated. Well if they listen to me, it's the first time they ever feel good. They first time they ever train hard and start to feel better physically and they start to feel better mentally and they adopt my mental model and now they're not stressed or depressed anymore and then they may start to make some money and they go, you know what, I start listening to take a year ago. I mean the best shape financially, the best shape physically, the best shape mentally takes the man. So they're hyper dedicated to me and yeah, I mean there's going to be a negative to that. I want to make something clear, I've been brutally aware of the fact that all of this might blow up in my face for a very long time. I've not been ignorant to that and I think that's why jail didn't cause me pain because I wasn't in jail like how did this happen? I was in jail thinking they got me. I knew it.  But after me for a long time, I knew they were coming. And I don't know if that's a coping mechanism, but I was saying on every single podcast before I went to jail, they're going to try and put me in jail. I knew it. Right. You said there's a light in a dark. What's the, is there darkness in you? I mean, there must be. The darkness inside of everybody. Right. And do you know that part of you? Are you in relationship with it? Do you think about it? That's a good question. First, I have to identify what would the darkness in me be? Well, let me, let me present something to you because I stood up for you after you got canceled off social media. And I have a lot of female clients and they had questions about that. I mean, they know me and they trust me. So they're curious. But one of them said, well, you know, Andrew is, he's out there saying that he's helping all these young men. But in the beginning, he made his millions in some level exploiting these very men. That's the frame that they were thinking about it. Is there validity in that? And what they're saying? Because I didn't know how to answer that question.  I don't think I exploited the men. I think I exploited, maybe I did exploit the men, but let me change my answer. I don't think me not exploiting them would have prevented them being exploited. I think these men were out to be exploited regardless, whether I did it or not. So, but you can see how that sounds cynical to somebody where you said, well, they're gonna be exploited anyway, so I'm gonna make money off them. And then once I make money off them, I get this platform, then I'm going to champion them. Completely, I mean, I guess that's probably one of the most logical arguments against me I've heard. Then we have to argue whether I was really exploiting them, which is another argument, right? Because a lot of these men, the only reason they didn't kill themselves is because they had an online girlfriend. So, I actually think that web camming and girls as a whole is closer to a therapy that is porn. Truly, these men are completely miserable, and the only joy they have is longing to that website. So, I don't think I did exploit them. The reason I said the fact about the fact they were innings.  It's very similar to having an alcohol store. We'll say there's three alcohol stores in a row and all of your customers are alcoholics. Well, if you close your alcohol store, what happens? They just buy the next store. They're still going to be an alcoholic. You're not saving anyone's life. But I don't think I necessarily exploited. I didn't see myself as exploiting them or exploiting the girls. I don't think that. I think it was a business opportunity. And I approached it the way I approached everything, which is extremely professionally. And I was good at it. And we had a very successful company. Everybody was happy, including the men at home and including the women who all became millionaires. I'll turn more women into millionaires than I'll turn men into millionaires. So maybe that's the reason they're coming after you because they feel in that a contradiction. And they're not buying your story. They don't believe it. They're like, oh, this is an act. He's not genuine. He's actually out for himself. And so that's the place that they want to get you. Because there's definitely an energy out there. They want to get you. Oh, no, they're out to get me. Yeah. I don't think that's the reason why though.  Well, it depends who we're talking about. But we're talking about the matrix. I understand why they're, and you've talked about that a lot in podcasts. We could talk about that, you know, because you are speaking a lot of truth. And you're confronting all the lies in the culture. And you're speaking against the most powerful forces in the world. But individual women, let's say, they're going to look at what you're doing, a lot of them. And a lot of them, you know, it's completely insane. And they're looking at these little clips. And they're distorted in their own feminism. And maybe unconsciously, they can't reconcile to the fact that they would actually want a man like you. I think that's a lot of what's going on. It's like projection. I'd agree with that. You know, nevertheless, there is an energy that's like they want to get you. They want you to be punished in some way. And so, like, what do you do with that? How do you deal with that? Like, how do you answer to that? Like, that woman was sitting here. What do you say to her? Yeah, I would say.  that her argument to a degree is a logic fail. Let's take it away from webcams. It's a female logic. There's your blind spot right there. Don't be a misogynist, but that's like saying because... Is that misogynist? No, of course, but that's like saying because you've ever eaten a steak you don't care about animals effectively. What you're saying is because he had a business in which some man may have felt exploited at some point, he doesn't care about humanity, which is a logic fail. Yeah, I understand. So that's not valid. What I have found in my experience often is that many women who seem to dislike me after they meet me don't dislike me anymore. I think the energy which they find repulsive over a screen or affects them emotionally over a screen, they end up liking in person. I think hate and love are actually very close to each other. And I've had women who scream how much they hate me at the screen and then they meet me and they're literally in love with me. Well, you're a nice guy. Of course. So I've yet to meet a female in person who dislikes me. And I would love to talk to these women. I think that'd be the best conversation ever.  I think it's the best podcast on earth. But they are out to get me. They're certainly out to get me. I think that the fact that I'm so assured and a lot of my convictions, they find very threatening. People in general now seem to find it threatening when you're the kind of person who says, no, it's this way. And they say, oh, but the news said it's that way. Don't care. It's this way. And they find that ignorant, but it's not ignorant. I think it's just assured in your convictions and they find that threatening, very threatening. I think that there's a lot of people who find me threatening. Not because of necessarily what I say, but just how sure I am in my convictions and the way I present myself and in my monumental success, they find that overall threatening. The same way a rabbit will find a tiger threatening. It doesn't know why. It's just like it just wants to run away from it. So is it incumbent on you then change the way you're delivering the information so more people can hear it? No. No. Because there are some people who cannot be saved. And it's not my intention to save everybody. I have no intention of trying to...  and Vince, everybody to like me. My intention is to try to speak to the people out there who know what I'm saying is the truth, and who liked the way it's being presented and said, I once again have no concern with being disliked by XM% in the population. And I wanna make this clear, I've swept into a lot of people who've talked about how their mental health has been affected by, you know, online bullying and media campaigns and smear campaigns. I don't think anybody's been attacked by the media in the last two years harder than me. Every day, there is something in the media trying to paint me as a bad person. On TV channels from Ulan Batar to Utah, across the entire world. And I can sit here and stay categorically. I've never read a media report and been like, shit, I've just been like clowns. Don't care. That's a lot of energy coming at you. I mean psychic energy coming at you. And like, have you reconciled to this idea that you're you, you're and you're born, you have a life, you're growing in your world, just doing your thing. And then there's an andrye tape that's out there. And people are projecting their love and hate.  on to you and it's not, none of it's really real, but you have to hold all of that, that mass projection. How is that? Yeah, but then let's like, oh, analyze me, right? You're the professional on the amateur, but let's do it. Why don't I care that the media continues to attempt to slander me continuously and they don't do it to anybody else and it's unfair that they're doing it to me because if I was a genuine sexual predator like the people they defend, I'd be protected by these people. You know, we can discuss this, right? If I was going into girls toilets, they wouldn't say anything bad about what I was doing. So, why are they, the fact that it's so unfair and it's so pervasive and it's so aggressive, why doesn't it bother me? Am I ignorant? It doesn't bother you? I don't think it does. You block it out. I mean, you must read these things and see your name associated with these horrendous crimes, but it's not real. It's false. But you're angry. But you're angry. If what they were, if what I kiddo.  If what they were saying was true, it would bother me. But genuinely because I know it's all garbage, it's all lies. It doesn't, it's war off a duck's back. And maybe my obsession with truth is obsession, I don't know if that's the right word. But because I believe I'm talking the truth, and because I believe the current war we're in is genuinely one of truth against deception and lies, that's their only weapon. That's their weapon is deception and lies. So everything they say is a lie. So it doesn't really affect me. And I will sit and say that. But I know for me it's painful when I'm not seen. My goodness isn't seen. It's painful. People misrepresent the things that I say. Or judge me because of my association with you. It's painful. I'm not seen. And that can make me angry. And maybe cause, I don't know, some kind of negative reaction within me. And I guess, I'm just curious, isn't it painful in some way? Because there's a lot of people out there. They don't see you. They don't see you're good.  They only see this the dark part of you or they project their own darkness onto or their father's darkness or Trump Whatever the fuck it is they project that onto you in some way Isn't that like but those people those people are already paying the price But but but those people but for you I'm saying for you your inner it doesn't bother me because those people are already paying the price for their ignorance Their minds are not free anybody who sits and watches the news and believes what the news says about me is the same kind of person who believes Everything the news says and if you have two choices in this world People are talking about the battle I'm in and yes, I may be spearheading it I may be at the front of it But I believe that this war cannot be avoided you are either at war against the injustice and against the lies Or you're at war with your own mind when you believe their garbage is impossible for a man to believe the crap They want you to believe and be a happy functioning adult it's impossible if you believe the shit that's on the television as a man You're gonna be miserable so you're either at war with your brain you're at war with them Anyone who's gonna sit there and go I believe Andrew T. is a human trafficker. I have 25 backs  I believe in Ukraine. These people are already paying the price because they're already miserable and I can guarantee everyone who dislikes me is an unhappy person because their minds are enslaved. So I don't feel like, when someone sits to me, when someone sits across from me, which has never happened in person, but let's say someone on the internet right makes a video about me, right? And these happen. A new Andrew takes the worst man ever. I can load up the video and just look at him for a fraction of a second and go, he's paid the price. He's already miserable. If I was that person, then depression would be real. These are fat internet trolls, losers, who can't compare to me in any human metric. They know it, which is why they dislike me. Because anybody who genuinely gets out in the world and looks for truth and looks to be successful and is tenacious and is brave, agrees with everything I say. So I don't feel pain when someone sits and says garbage about me because I believe that their mind is already suffering because they're not free.  Their mind's not freed anybody who can listen to what I say long enough and not be emotional about it and actually understand it Well, those people aren't paying a price so Maybe that's a coping mechanism, but every single time I see a woman who hates me or a man who hates me And I compare them to the people who like me There's a massive contrast and overall physical attractiveness success Financial success like it's amazing. So it's like okay. Well my haters are way down here And the people who grew up here so let them hate maybe they just resent you of course No, maybe I think I think a lot of the reason this is happening to me is and maybe this is arrogant But are you aware of it? I'm with the therapist. So I'm allowed to be arrogant, right? A lot of the reason this is happening to me is because I'm I'm tall and Bill muscles and cool cars and you know smart People don't like me. There's people look at me and go he thinks he's too cool. Teach him a lesson There's a massive amount of resentment involved in all of this. Yeah for even from the matrix itself even from the We talk about the matrix and I talk about it and people  you know, of course we compare it to the movie. But in the end of the day there are people moving parts in all of this. There's a prosecutor, there's a judge, there's a lawyer, whatever. Someone is sitting in an office who gets a piece of paper saying, destroy Andrew Tate. And that person looks at my life and compares it to theirs. And they feel resentful. And then they go, okay, let me use every power I have to try and destroy this man. If my life wasn't so aspirational as a word you can use, but it also didn't tick nearly every single box in regards to every teenage boy's dream, I think that they would be a lot less interested in trying to hurt me. They're trying to hurt me because of the things I have and what I can do. So there's a massive level of resentment in all of it. And I also think that people would just like me a lot of it, that you're resentful. It's either weaponized virtue or resentment. Especially weaponized virtue, let's talk about that. Because whenever I have a hate or online, it's funny that people who hate me in person are very respectful to me, it's very strange. Isn't it weird how the bottom line of humanity is always gonna be physicality? When they meet me, they shut up. Get your warriors over here. It's very tough. Of course.  But online, it's very hard to say I'm stupid. It's very hard to say I'm not successful. It's very hard to say I'm fat. It's very hard to say I'm ugly. It's very hard to say I'm not charming or I'm not charismatic. It's very difficult to attack me with anything other than the fact I'm a bad person. He's all these things. He's perfect in nearly every metric, but he's a bad person, right? So how do you do that? Well, you take a virtue and you weaponize it, massage and eat homophobic, whatever it is. They pretend they care about the subject when they don't. And they put it into a bullet and they shoot at you. And it's weaponized virtue. It's not genuine virtue. These people who are saying I'm a misogynist, don't care about women or care about combatting misogynists. They just want to try and hurt me with it. That's the first thing. Well, the second thing is genuine resentment. Yeah, I remind them of the guy who picked on him in school or the guy who fucked their girl to the girl off of them. And they don't like me for it. But that's not my problem. That's their issue. Are you defensive? Is that like a defensive posture? Is the way that you can be? I don't. I really want what I...  Are you open to these people? No, and when I talk to you, I want to... I don't want you to be open to them. This is what I think it is. It's like you are the man. It's like you are the daddy. It's just like, why are you being so mean to me? Why are you fucking yelling at me? I want you. I need you, brother. Show up in a good fucking way. Where are you? That's what's going on for them emotionally. Perhaps. Yeah. And so do you have a responsibility in that place to transcend the place you are in to really fully realize your leadership? You know what I'm saying? Very good question. And when I'm talking to you, I want to be as honest and vulnerable as I've ever been. I'm trying to be as vulnerable as I can be. You're good, great. But also... So let's talk about these people who resent me the most, or these people who disagree with my message. What's it like for you to be vulnerable? What's that word even mean to you? How do you relate to that word of vulnerability? That's a really good question. I don't know. I don't know how I relate to the word vulnerability. Well, you are vulnerable. You can't put yourself out in the world like this to be...  seen that is invulnerable at getting into the ring with another fighter he might kick your ass that's vulnerable that's that's intense vulnerability I think but I think emotional vulnerability nearly at every form at every level is basically a form of manipulation so I made me that's just how you experience it growing up perhaps your mother emotionally manipulative no but if a girl cried in front of me I believe she'd be trying to get out I don't think it's just because she feels bad I think it's just trying to get a reaction from me and I think when men cry to their wives or whatever a lot of it is trying to inspire sympathy from her I think a lot of emotional vulnerability to agree is all manipulation like that that's that that then that would indicate that in some way that you are manipulating we all manipulate you well that's what I'm saying so if you're seeing manipulation and others that must also exist in you and I guess that's the question is there a way right like can you actually not be manipulating and I know I'm manipulating a strong word has a negative connotation but like in some sense try to  control. Because one of the things that I find in this conversation, right, it's like, I mean, you actually think you're going along with my line of questioning really well. Like, it's, you're not trying to control everything, but there is a way, right, that you're, you're, you have a tactic, you're trying to control things, you're trying to get away for something, you're trying to control the conversation. It's on some level. Of course. But what if you gave that up? Well, okay. I'm giving it up. I'm trying. I'm trying to be as vulnerable as possible. But the, like, just the idea of it, right? Like what would happen if? Let's do it. I'm trying my very best. I, all habits die hard. But, but don't worry about the result. Just ask yourself a question. Like, what would happen if you let go of trying to control everything? Just feel in, just feel into what that would feel like. And, and, and, but that goes back to the point about what vulnerability is. Because I don't think humans are as emotionally incontinent as they pretend to be. And I believe that when you truly feel pain or truly feel trauma or something.  really bad happens to you, the result to that is usually silence. I don't think you talk very much at all. So you ask me, what does it like to be vulnerable? Well, to me, that's not crying. That's not... I think when anyone's doing that, 99% of the time is a manipulation tactic, I believe personally. Maybe that's just my personal experience. But yeah, maybe, but I think especially with men, especially with men, I think it's a manipulation tactic when they try and show too much emotion and women do it as well. And I don't react very well to it. If someone were to sit in front of me and start bawling their eyes out, it's very hard to elicit sympathy from me for that reason. I feel like you get sympathy from me by sitting and explaining to me why something bad happened to you in a logical calm, stoic manner. If someone starts crying in front of me, I feel like they're trying to manipulate me and I don't buy it. Or maybe you judge it in them because you judge that in yourself. Perhaps. I mean, it's my human experience, right? And it's my bias. But I'm trying to think of the very few scenarios in which I would ever cry. And I'm thinking, would it genuinely be because I feel so much pain or if I think it could benefit me or help me?  Would I be trying to manipulate somebody? Now that's not something I'd ever do because it's not my personality and mental frame. But I, but crying is just a physiological reaction to express pain and grief that allows us to release and to come back to homeostasis. It's like, it's just, well, it can be. It's don't attack me. But it's also a physiological response. Oh completely, but it's don't attack me anymore. It's, I'm the victim don't attack me. Can it be? Yes, I cheat it on you. Ah, don't live. It's, it's, it's a shield. And so when we talk about what is vulnerable mean, I feel like I'm being vulnerable now when I'm explaining things extremely logically. That's, you are. That's as vulnerable as I can be. I cannot be the kind of person who's gonna cry. But once again, this is my mental model. I haven't instilled. What does that mean is vulnerability cry? I guess vulnerability, what about admitting your weaknesses? I'll admit my weaknesses. What are your weaknesses? Then this is, see, this is so interesting I will tell you, no it is. Cause I'll tell you I'll admit my weaknesses.  weaknesses. And I will. But now I have to try and identify some because in my mental, in my mental framework, I don't have weaknesses. So now it's like, okay, I am prepared to admit where I'm weak. Where am I weak? Well, I've tried so hard for so long to make sure I'm not weak anywhere. And if I am, I've compensated so heavily in some other way, I don't fail. So it's like, where am I weak? I'm that guy who does not fail. It doesn't matter what scenario anybody's life is in. It doesn't matter if you get dumped in a jail. It doesn't matter if you're going into war, it doesn't matter if you're bankrupt, whatever it is. If someone says, tates on your side, you feel good. I'll tate you. Ah, tate, okay. He can't even swim, but he's here to write, he's the lifeguard. Tate doesn't fail. I can't swim, but it's an example. Right? So I do not fail ever. So it's very hard for me to identify weaknesses because I feel like they've all been ruthlessly, I think I've rooted out any weakness or I've compensated so heavily, so long ago, I don't see myself as a weak person. I don't see myself as a person who fails.  People said to me in jail, how did you handle that? What else can I do, not handle it? What does that look like? We're gonna bang my head on the wall, like a dummy. Am I gonna have a breakdown and just be a pile of mush? All you can do is handle it. So, we're talking about vulnerability. I'm being as vulnerable as I can, but I can't even, I can't even honestly sit here and tell you a weakness I have because in my mind I have no weaknesses. And perhaps that's delusion. Perhaps that's, perhaps, perhaps, perhaps it's delusion. But that's, but a useful delusion is what you're saying. It's brutally useful. And when I teach this or when I talk about this, there's a lot of men who perhaps want to adopt it, but the mistake they make is they don't have the real world experience to back it up. I don't want people to be completely lose their mind. We're not talking about that, but we're talking about the fact that I can name so many scenarios in my life where I was supposed to fail and I did not fail. I am bit, it's, it's brutally realistic. It's brutally logical. It's built on competence. It's built on real.  world at accolade and achievement. Everything I've ever wanted I have achieved and I have gotten I have never failed anything I've ever wanted ever. So how am I going to wake up and say well I've got this weakness that weakness when I have 100% success rate. 100%. There's never a girl I wanted I didn't get. There's never a car I wanted I didn't drive. There's never a scenario where I said I want to get through this I didn't get through it. I've never failed. So of course I'm going to sit and say yeah I love to tell you my weaknesses. I can't think of any. I don't know. Right but are you being humbled right now? Is this whole series events of events humbling you? It's it's taught me things I already knew. I know you can't be bigger than their justice system. I was saying it Chris for a reason I knew they would come for me. I know I'm only human. But you're not and do you? I do. I'm just a very good one. I'm just a very good one. Is there somewhere inside you belief that you're invincible? Like you you you can't get got? Because that that is a dangerous fucking distortion. No. I wouldn't have been saying it Chris for that reason. Right.  I'm actually far more cautious than most people would believe. I err on the side of caution. You're tactical. I'm very tactical with all of my life. Even the security I organize, the places I stay, where I go, I'm extremely tactical. I don't believe I'm Superman. I just believe that I do not fail. And because you have no weaknesses, doesn't mean you can't lose, right? You can be strong in all realms and still lose. There are world champion boxers who have no weakness. They do everything right and they lose fights, right? So I'm not saying I'm invincible. I'm just saying, if you ask me to name my weakness, I can't think of one. What was you asked the guys? Sure. You can ask people around me. I would love to hear it. And I guess I can tell you what people say about me. Well, actually, that's a good question. Do you feel like you get, I mean, I guess, Tristan, but you get honest reflection? Can you trust the reflection? Because you're at the center of this kind of empire. And you have all of these friends. But can.  you trust the information that's coming to you from anyone because everybody's got I mean I'm here in some way from my own self interest right and the fact that you trust me is it was interesting to me you let me in your house I assume that you have some kind of instinct about it but that must be hard like to trust. I get a lot of feedback and it all goes into a big pile and I listen to every word that said to me I'm not the person who's beyond reproach everyone I work with a lot of people have said things to me and I'm told about myself quite often and I put it all in a pile and I analyze every single word carefully I ignore most of it but I do listen to it and I guess the number one bad or negative thing that people will say about me who know me is they may say I'm very insensitive I hear that sometimes usually from women you're insensitive I'm insensitive because I think once you become a ruthless problem solver you come across to a degree is insensitive. We have this big issue whenever  is crying. Okay, stop crying, fix the issue. You have to be insensitive. Okay, what are you crying about? Let's fix that. Right. You know that's wrong. A lot of people want to vent. They don't want to fix the problem. They want to vent. What? They just need you to be with them and understand. And here you are, baby. I love you. Complete. You're rolling your eyes. But I'm saying so when you become a ruthless problem solved, you become to a degree insensitive. Now there are some scenarios which that doesn't work. There are some problems you can't fix. The death of a loved one. That's different. Yeah. But if people are crying about something which is very fixable, it's very difficult for me to be interested in their crying. And I'll tell you why. Because if I have a set standard for myself, if I wouldn't allow myself that luxury, it's very hard for me to give it out to everybody else. If I don't allow myself the luxury of being incompetent because of an emotion, then it's very hard for me to look at others and go, well, you're allowed to be incompetent because of your emotions and you're allowed to be incompetent because your emotions. And I'll just deal with the struggle of never being incompetent ever regardless of how I feel. If I have standard for myself, I'm going to implore my standard or imply my  or my other, they don't meet that standard, then they're gonna call me insensitive. What would you have to give up to become more sensitive, particularly to your women? I'm a very sensitive, romantic, nice man. In general, I'm actually a romantic man, I get called that law. No one calls me cold. Right. It's different. You're loving? Completely. But when it comes to problems especially, I am insensitive. Do you default to problem solve? Absolutely. What's the issue? They want you to just understand and hold them. They want to cry about the problem a while. And time is money. Time is money. I'm like, OK, yeah, yeah. Boom, boom, fixed. No, but you don't understand. I do understand. Now it's fixed. Next. I think that's just, but I think that's just competence. And I think that's genuinely, I think most men are kind of like that, perhaps I'm just hyper like that. So I get called insensitive sometimes. What else do people say negative about me? This is interesting. Are you arrogant? Well, the difference between.  and arrogance and reality is just competence, isn't it? Say that again? The difference between arrogance and a healthy grasp of reality is only going to be the competence of an individual. I mean, that's one way of looking at it. If I can kick the fuck out of everybody, for example, and I say I can kick the fuck out of everybody, am I arrogant? Not necessarily. It depends on the kind of energy of it, right? But I mean, one might say that arrogance hides insecurity. Like are there places where you're insecure? That's another very good question. But let me think about this for a second and answer it because these are questions I've never been asked before. But I don't... Okay, so where do my insecure about? This is another point. And maybe this is a personality characteristic which is interesting. I don't do anything I'm bad at ever. Like saying? Yeah, like saying. I cannot sing so I will not sing. I'd love to hear you say, I'm sure you wouldn't. But maybe that once again shapes my reality because I...  I refuse to do anything I am bad at. If I'm bad at it, I hire someone else to do it, or I find someone else who's good at it, and I offer value to them to do it. I don't do any, my entire reality. Why? Why? Because you don't wanna, I mean, there's the things you're incompetent in and you have time, but like, because you're scared to look foolish or not be good at something and people are gonna see, oh, taste not so great at everything. No, I don't think it's emotional. I think it's purely logical. I'm thinking about my day. Every single thing I do are the things I am absolute best at. If I, I'll put boxing gloves on after this, and I'll go fight, and I'll be everybody. I'll destroy everyone. And I think I only enjoy things that I'm good at. And I also think that if I have X amount of hours in the day, the way I can be the most competitive, most fearsome predators, to spend all of my waking time doing things on the best at, and leave things I'm not good at to the other people who perhaps are good at them. If you're an accountant, and you wanna become as rich as possible, then what you do is as many hours as possible accounting. But you're rationalizing. I am correct.  So let me rationalize it. I'll rationalize it. Yeah, but that's what you do. And that's it. That can be a defense. I mean, rationalization is a classic defense. Yeah, but that's my rationalization. And you're really good at it. But rationalization. But it's like a sword you have that's super sharp, and you want to use it all the time. All the time. Yeah, but what if you set it down and realize there's other tools available in your toolkit, maybe you need to develop those. But rationalizing is how I built my mind. Uh-huh. You have to give it up. The sword's right there. You just have to use it all the time. But it's all my entire framework and how I view the world is all been one massive rationalization. And it's lent, it's let me build a reality which is exactly what I wanted to be. You know, you must know that that has limitations. Because you can't rationalize everything. That's not what life is. Right? There's other layers of reality that the mind does not understand. Okay. Well, right? You're right. And just because I rationalize things doesn't mean I don't feel things. But yeah, I know you feel things. Yeah, I feel things.  And I know you actually know that you're really sensitive. Like I feel, I wouldn't be here if I thought you were some maniacal psychopath. Cool. Because I'm here because I can, and that's what I think a lot of people saw in the interview. They felt your sensitivity. They felt your vulnerability and they're really attracted to it. Oh, I'm a lot more sensitive than people know. And this is one of the things I like to say. When I talk about depression not being real or how life is pain and suffering, that doesn't mean that I, I'm not saying those things because I've never felt them. Yeah. I'm saying those things because I know them intimately. I'm saying those things because I know exactly how it would feel to label myself a depressed person. Yeah. I know it very well. I just refused to do it. Right. So yeah, I'm absolutely not really a sensitive person. I would label myself sensitive. But maybe my world, but maybe one second, I just want to go back to my original point. Maybe my worldview is affected by, and we're talking about arrogance. When you wake up and all you do are things your world level at. Yeah. Everything you do are things you're fantastic at, right? All of the times.  and you beat everybody all of the time at all of it. Aren't you gonna have a degree, a tinge, perhaps, of arrogance? Of course, of course you are. But would I label myself an arrogant person? Well, I'm not gonna sit down and say, I'm good at something I'm not. So I don't think I'm unrealistic. Are you taking on the full responsibility that you have given all of the gifts that you've been given by God? Is there any place where you're not taking on responsibility for that? No. I think I take care of absolutely everybody I love in every single way. I think anybody who's ever needed me, I've been there for them if they've deserved it. I think anybody who listens to my message is becoming a better person overall. I genuinely believe I'm fixing and helping society. I don't know what else more I'm supposed to do. I mean, to a degree, I've almost martyred myself. What else more can I do? My options at this point are either to continue to help people and explain to men why I became so successful, which is all I'm basically doing. I'm saying you're a man and you're upset and you want to be ex. I'm telling you.  I became what I wanted to be. This is what I did. Is there anything beyond the things you just said that you're responsible for? Like what is your responsibility here? My responsibility? Well, I guess ultimately to yourself, it's to your family first, right? To what is your responsibility? God. I think God wants me to be the best possible version of myself. I think that God dislikes people who are lazy. I said this to somebody once and he got very offended. I said God doesn't like lazy people. God has created you and he wants to see the absolute best you can be. I think that if you don't take care of yourself, God has no interest in taking care of you. If you have a Ferrari on the drive and you don't take care of it, who's going to take care of it? Nobody. I think that taking care of yourself and being the best possible version of yourself you can be is how you please God. I think that's one of the best ways to praise him is to wake up every day and say I need to be the strongest, smartest, fastest, most fearsome, most stoic, most capable man I can possibly be. This is how I please God. So I think your duty to God is also these things and that's another massive source of strength that I  that I get when I'm alone in a jail cell, I understand that God is still watching, and God would be unhappy if I couldn't handle it. I don't think maybe we can talk about God or we can also talk about just about basic cosmic balance. I don't believe you can become the most famous man on the planet calling yourself the top G. Without the universe testing if you're really about it, I don't think it's, you're gonna get to a point where the universe, whatever you wanna call it, is gonna say is he really the top G? And you're gonna have to prove it. If you walk through life and say I'm made of iron, I'm Mr. Tough Guy, sooner or later someone's gonna check you and find out if you are or not. So when I was doing this for a very long time, I wasn't ignorant to the fact that something's gonna come along and see if I am who I am. So when I'm sitting in a jail cell by myself with cockroaches all over the floor, I'm like, okay, this is my chance to show I'm not full of shit. Was I full of shit? No, I wasn't. Am I gonna allow everything I've ever said in my last name and my duty to God, and everything to go down the pan, or am I gonna just man up and fucking win?  Right. So I saw it, I guess, to a degree is an opportunity, but there was a massive burden of responsibility on me on how I had to perform. I didn't have time to be depressed or sad. This is what I'm saying to you earlier. I didn't have time. I had things to do. Top G's kids can't eat. Top G's women can't pay the bills. Top G's business is over. Top G, no. I had to fix all of it from jail and fix myself and get out. I was very busy inside of my brain. Staring at a wall. So I didn't have time for this. And this is another thing I tried to explain to people and I don't understand about, and I talk about men specifically because I understand how to be successful as a man. When men say to me they're depressed, with unlimited options, with the capability to become anything you desire, with God giving you a full enable body and mind, how do you have time to be depressed? You have so much you could do. There's so much that you need to do to be your best.  And you're competing against men like me and you're finding hours a day to be sad. No wonder you're gonna perpetually lose forever. That's suicide. So how do you find time to do this? It's it's brutally ineffective. You have a brain, you have a mind, you have a mental model. You can't think of everything. You can't do everything. You can only have certain frameworks and still inside of your mind. As a man, you should be hyper competitive. You should try to be the best version of yourself. You can be. You're competing against every other man on earth. For the girl you want, the car you want, the house you want, the watch you wear. It's all competition. You should be as competitive as you possibly can. Anything that's inside of your mind which doesn't allow you to be competitive should be erased. This is why I can't name a weakness. I can't name a weakness I have. I've compensated so heavily for any weakness that may exist. I don't even see them anymore. Is your belief in God tied into this concept that we talked about that what's useful is more important than what's true or better than what's true? Do we know that God exists? I mean we don't know.  But it's useful to believe in God. That's a very good question. I think that believing in God certainly makes you more powerful, which is proof for God. If God makes you more powerful than God is little. So maybe that's very simplistic. But if I believe in God and I'm a more powerful version of myself because I believe in Him, then he must exist. God has made me more powerful. Well, it's the act of believing Him that makes Him exist. It's another way of saying what's the other way. Correct. So this is why I believe faith is such an important thing. But I think everybody has a God anyway. Yes. There's no such thing as atheists. If you look at the people who say, I don't believe in God, they worship a flag and a vaccine. So everyone believes in something. So you have to decide what your religion is. And I once again refuse to believe in anything that takes away power from me. I believe in things that make me more powerful. And I believe that believing in God gives you a new degree of strength. And I also think everybody to something that believes in God. I don't care what anybody says. If you put anyone in that submarine just before imploded, everyone would pray. Yeah, everyone. Yeah.  even say you don't believe in God at this point. It's interesting that you chose Islam, and I heard you talk a little bit about how you see God in Islam as kind of, you know, I don't know, harshness, but like firm, and directional, and clear, and this is right, and this is wrong, which sounds a lot like, you're dead. Well, it sounds a lot of your life. Yeah, like life. There's right and wrong in life. All this complete subjectiveness, this mush, they're trying to create, is done on purpose to confuse us. I like the idea of right and wrong. I like the idea of not having a choice. If you walk in, if you're hungry, and you walk into by a sandwich, and there's 100 sandwiches, it takes 10 minutes. If there's one sandwich, isn't life easier sometimes? Yeah. So all this subjectiveness and all this choice and all this garbage, sometimes when I'm like, okay, I want to be a good person. I want a framework to adhere to that makes me a good person. Well, this is very clear. Yes, no, easy. Have you had, do you have like embodied experiences?  of God, do you relate to God in that way? I want to say supernatural, but do you feel God? I absolutely feel Him, and there's certain times where I may feel particularly energetic. When do you feel God? So usually when I'm feeling powerful, there's been times I was in jail and I just got up and I just felt like, you know what, yeah, like just shadow walks a bit. I don't know. It's like you just felt it. I'll be okay. I will win. I don't feel God when I'm sad or something like that. I think that the whole idea of spirituality, and I believe God Himself, He wants the best for you. And it's interesting, yeah, how we're tying religion to my worldviews, because my worldviews were the same before religion. I guess before it was to cause moss or just the way the universe works or light, dark, yin, yang, etc. I still say these things, but now I attribute a lot more of it to spirituality, a lot more of it to God. And yeah.  I chose Islam because it's firm and I believe that I'm a person with firm principles. So I'm obviously going to liken myself, or I'm going to feel the finity to a religion that has firm principles. Because that's who I am as a person. I'm a person who's principled and yes, no. And I have no problem with people sitting with me and saying what you're saying is bigotid or what you're saying is wrong or what you're saying is insensitive. I think Islam also has a similar issue. Yeah. I think you also chose the winning team. Oh, it's completely the winning team. It's the winning team. And it's the winning team and I didn't choose it because it's the winning team. It's just the winning team because it has principles. Yeah, I agree. And unfortunately, when you have no principles, if you don't believe in it, if you have no hard line, if you'll accept anything, then you don't believe in anything. As soon as you'll accept anything, then you have no hard core beliefs. You have, if you have any set of principles or you have anything you believe in, there's going to end up being a barrier and the people who fall outside of those barriers are going to be offended by it. That's the reality of it. If you have a religion or a belief system that doesn't offend anybody, then it's not a religious or belief system. That's my view.  So yeah, I chose to win in team because I think more and more people are starting to understand how important God is in society. This is the first time in human history we're testing society without God and what do we have? We have evil, we have satanism, we have degeneracy, and I think that most people are starting to understand that God is really needed. When I was young I used to make fun of Bible basures. It's to make fun of them. And now I'm like, we need more! Where are they? We need more Bible basures. So yeah, and I guess I certainly feel more powerful since I've reverted, but I always felt powerful anyway. But I guess now instead of just believing it's the cosmic nature of the universe or... Let me change that. I always felt a strong affinity to my last name and my ancestors. So I always had to a degree a spiritual aspect to where I got my strength. I always felt like when my dad is watching me, or my ancestors tried very hard for me to be born. So I can't disappoint them. So I've always had this spiritualistic side. Like I can't...  My imagined disappointment my ancestors would feel if they fought saber-tooth tigers and survived World War II And went through all the garbage they went through just for my father to be born and then he suffered like he suffered to raise me for me To be raised and become the most famous man the world and call myself top G and then cry when I went to jail What am I what I mean? What kind of bitch? Am I going to go where? No, I go to jail with my head held high and if they put me in jail for the next 20 years I'll walk into my head held high and if anybody sees me I'm not going to be a broken man. I refuse to be a broken man It's disrespectful to everybody who ever died or tried hard for me to be raised for me to emerge from this difficulty as a broken person That's absolutely not least selfish when a man sits in says to me he's broken or he's depressed or sad Etc. That's selfishness. You have shit to do and you have people to be respectful to including people who are no longer here I don't have time they can put me in solitary confinement for 20 years and when I walk out of there in the first podcast I do I refuse to be called broken I refuse and That's because I feel like I had to do it to my ancestors and now  I feel like I have a due to my ancestors and a due to God. So I've always felt that. And I assume you feel like you're fulfilling your duty, that your father would be proud of you? I absolutely believe he'd be extremely powerful. I'm proud of me. I think I'm doing the best I can possibly do. And there's something that people say, you tried your best. And that's true. But a lot of people overuse it. People say, oh, well, you didn't get it, but you tried your best. 99% of the time they didn't try their best. People don't actually try very hard for things anymore. I am truly genuinely trying my best. I don't waste a minute of my day. Before this podcast, as they set up cameras, I'm working. I don't waste a minute of my day. I do not miss a training session. I do not miss an email. I do not make mistakes. I no longer, I'm on it. So I'm trying my absolute best if I fail for the first time in human history that I failed. But at least I get the satisfaction in my heart of knowing I actually really tried my best. Most people don't get to get that satisfaction because they know deep down they could have tried a bit harder. Whereas if I end up in jail, I'll be like, Andrew, you did.  everything you could have done. So that gives you a level of peace. I did my best. My ancestors are proud of me. God is proud of me. I did my absolute best. I couldn't have possibly done better. And I got hit with a lucky punch and that's life. And all I can do is just smile regardless. Are your oration skills? Is that an art? Do you think? I think that if you don't have the ability to make other people understand exactly what you think that you're going to struggle. But is it an art? When I watch you with PBD and you got in the zone and you do it all the time, you're doing it right now, you get in these zones where it's just like you're just flowing. I mean it's almost you can say it's a god state, right? It's a flow state. And it must feel really good. It does. It feels good that you're never in, I think it's the saying, it feels good that I already have 10 things I want to say lined up before I say the first ones. And you know how to say them perfectly and your voice is clear and resonant and you're you're embodied in it. It's a skill. It's a skill. Well,  But it's almost like an art because I was watching and I was thinking this is like watching You know Charlie Parker play the sax or Michael Jordan play basketball I mean you really and and people might say oh those are exaggerations, but I don't I don't think so I don't I don't know that I've seen somebody who's able to do what you do But that's emotional so we'll talk about how I'm actually quite sensitive person Yeah, I think the reason people believe what I say is because they can feel that I feel when I talk yes And it's because I feel things yes, so I'm not a cold person at all I'm just a person with a lot of emotion that I try and control and channel in the correct directions But I think that yes, it's a superpower to a degree Well, I think that's why people are one of the reasons that people are so drawn to you because you let whatever wants to come through Come through and it's also why so many people hate me. Yeah, of course Because there's no light without dark. Yeah, you know, there's no joy without pain You can't have a rainbow without little rain. That's how it goes. So I Think that it's definitely a Superpower for life is something I'd encourage every man to learn how to do. Yeah, it's certainly something worth practicing is the  reason I don't learn another language because I have enmastered English, yes. So I refuse to learn another language. I can't imagine me and my personality and entertain stuttering in Spanish. It just be like, what is this garbage? So I don't have time. So I will only speak English for the rest of my human years. That's it, because I have not learned every word in the dictionary yet. But yeah, I guess to a degree, it's a superpower. It's extremely beneficial in all aspects of life, especially relationships. I'm not going to lie. I don't argue with women very often, because any woman who respects me and listens to me, I can very quickly and compendiously explain exactly why I'm correct. It's maybe the most powerful skill. The most powerful thing about it is there's two levels to it. One, making people understand exactly what you think. And the second one is making them think what you think. And if you can do the second one, do you like to make people think what you think? Because you have a lot of influence. Yeah. And that's got to feel good. You're influencing people. You have this.  world view, it's a powerful world view, it's got all these things, and so you want to influence other people in some way to adopt that. I think that charity, even of itself, I think charity is probably one of the most selfish things you can do, which most people say, I'm giving money, I give 25 million dollars a year, there's a website, takepledge.com, you can see it, and I feed children all across the war-torn countries, mainly in the Islamic world, and in Africa. Am I doing that for the children, yes, but I also feel great. I feel good for doing that. So it's not a selfless act. No, nothing selfless. Nothing selfless. And it shouldn't be. And it shouldn't be, that's right. So when I'm helping all these people out here, I'm not doing it because I'm some philanthropist, I feel good, helping people, and people sending me emails saying, you changed my life, I feel good about it. I'm not going to sit here and pretend I'm just Mr. philanthropist, and I just care about the world. No, I like helping people because I feel good about doing it, it makes me feel good inside, which is why I do it. So yeah, I use my power to feel good. And I think the easiest way to feel good is to...  make others feel good. I believe that humans exist that way and I think that's why we're societal animals. Even in jail when I felt my worst, my goal was to make someone else smile. Because if I can make someone else smile, I would smile. So on my worst days, I was my most charming, my most energetic, my most interesting, my most talkative. I was happiest on my worst day because I decided that's how I have to be to stop myself feeling bad. Because I decided. I also feel like, you know, it's kind of interesting. No one's emotionless and I certainly feel things and I'm going to come up with a theory which you're going to call complete garbage because I am not qualified. But this is my theory. I believe that emotional energy is a lot like a bucket of war. You have all this emotional energy, right? You have a bucket of war and then you have a bunch of different holes you can pour it down. So I believe if you wake up...  one day and you feel particularly depressed, you don't feel depressed. You just have a lot of emotional energy that day. Some days you don't have that much emotional energy and life's pretty calm. But some days you wake up and you have this big bucket of water and the superpower is deciding which emotion you're going to put it in, not to not feel the energy, but to decide which emotion you're going to put it in. And I think that's my superpower. I don't have the superpower of being able to stop myself feeling this. I have the superpower of being able to choose how I used that energy and what I decide to feel. And then if you want to be hyper successful as a person, you have to be very careful to avoid the happy hole. Because happy is what everyone thinks they would choose. If you had this emotional energy and could choose any emotion, you'd choose happy. But if you choose happy, you don't get much done. What do you choose? I choose, if I had to choose how I wanted to feel all the time, I would choose proud. And proud means you have to work. What would mean you have to do things? You have to achieve things. If you want to be proud and be realistic, you have to do fantastic things. So my...  My default favorite emotion is proud. That's how I'm happiest when I feel proud about anything. On the organism releases dopamine in the brain when we do hard work. Which is why we're happy. I win all the time. I love proud. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. I don't like happy. If I feel happy, get-ish happiness like a child or like a female's usually default to happy. They don't care how they get there. They just want to get there. They just want to feel happy. I avoid the happy hole because I think people who are desperate to only feel happy are the ones who are addicts. You know, gambling addicts, drug addicts, drink too much, do dumb shit. It's all temporary, no delayed gratification. That's where you destroy your life choosing the happy hole. So we're talking earlier about jail and how when I felt particularly bad, I'd wake up with a whole bunch of emotional energy. It's unchanneled. It's a bit wild. So I guess that can be perceived as sad or depressed. You're out of your routine. So I would sit and go, I have all this emotional energy today. Where am I going to put it? And I'd put it in a place where perhaps on that day I might feel happy or perhaps I'd choose-  something else, but I would try my very best to take all the energy and put it into a place where feeling that emotion was the most competitive emotion or it was the perfect emotion for me to be as competitive as possible in that particular scenario. So yeah, one day's where I woke up and I felt a little bit sad. I'd be like, okay, I'm going to turn the charm on today. I'm going to make everybody laugh. And by the end of the day, I felt fantastic. Do you think God wants to break you? If God wants to write me, He's going to do it. Because we said, right? The hero's journey. There must be death and rebirth. So what? Like something you have to be broken. At some point, you must be broken. You can't fulfill your mission without being broken. And whatever that is, it has to terrify you. But can't I be semi-broken or semi-closed to broken and back from the edge? Back from the edge and rebirth. That's the archetype, right? And what does that require? It goes, it means going into cave and facing your dragon, which is your deepest feeling.  and feeling like it's gonna kill you, and then entering into the void of nothingness, and then coming out the other side, reborn, and in that place where you're reborn, you're gonna know things that you did not know sitting right here, and you're gonna have a much bigger perspective. I mean, you agree with that template. I agree with it, but I feel like I can just... I don't feel like I... Around that? Not get around it, but I don't ever have to fully die. I can just come close enough, enough times. Like, I'm not gonna underplay that. Not, of course, of course. But I'm not gonna underplay how significantly difficult my jail experience was. Yeah, because you do talk about how tough you were, you managed it, and I guess I believe that, I'm not. But, you know, there had to be moments where you're just like... It was terrible. No, it was absolutely terrible. Or fear, or like... But this is very interesting into your death and rebirth.  because when it felt completely terrible, I do have the emotional control to not feel that. But I decided to let myself feel it, because I felt like I wouldn't learn as much if I turned my brain off. So I've talked on P.B.D. about Tristan. Tristan and I have the same superpower. Tristan didn't care about jail. He acted like he didn't care. He acted like he didn't care. But that was his coping mechanism. I don't care about jail. I decided, no, I'm going to care. I'm going to feel everything. I'm going to allow myself to feel these negative emotions because I feel like I will learn more. I could have done what Tristan did. I could have woke up and said one day or later they'll let me out. Still rich. Give a fuck. I could have done that. I didn't do that. That's why he sleeps. That's why I have nightmares. Because I don't believe his jail experience was that traumatic because he turned his brain off to it. And that is a superpower. And I do have that power. I could go to war and watch all my friends be blown to pieces.  and still fight. I would still be capable. I can turn my brain off if I have to, but I decided not to, because I felt that feeling things would teach me more, which is why I'm kind of arguing your point about death and rebirth, because I feel like I don't have to fully break. I just have to get close enough to the edge to learn something and come back. Why not break? Because if I break, then there's too much, my empire might fall. Exactly. I don't know. That's scary. It is scary. So why would I? That's why you don't want to break. Completely. I don't want to lose what I have. Mentally, physically, financially. Yeah, but that attachment, what would God say to that attachment? I don't want to lose what I have. But okay, I don't want to lose what I have because I also have a responsibility for others. Let me tell you something. If my mind broke and I couldn't come back from that, what's more important, your family or God? Does God want me to break? I don't know. You just asked. You asked a question. And if he does, I will break. Right? But...  I won't have a choice. But, but jail itself was was terrible. Like, we're talking about vulnerability. I can sit and explain all the things I struggle within jail. It was absolutely terrible. And I think a lot of people who watching this, I think they need to keep in mind. I wasn't in jail. I was in Romanian jail. Which is what's the difference? Well, it's the poorest country in Europe and it was built during communist time. Right. And it's basically designed to torture. Cockroaches, yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's not like jail, like we imagine jail. I don't want to insult the Romanian justice system. I don't insult any Romanians. I'm still within the confines of Romania. But I think most people at Hellam understand what I'm talking about. I didn't have yard time. I didn't have any friends. I was in a room for 93 days. I did not leave that room unless I was being dragged to court in a language I didn't understand to be sent back to the room. Yeah. It was hard. I did a four day vision quest, four days, four nights, no food or water out in the mountains, like, in a restricted area, like just like a prison cell. And that was took me to my edge. So I can't even imagine 93 days. Yeah. I mean, it's terrible. And you don't know how long you're going to be in there.  and you have no control over anything. And you don't sleep very well. People think you just sleep it off, but you can't. The jail is very loud. There's a lot of distressed people in there. A lot of upset people. The energy is sad. Yeah, it's a bad place to be. But I knew that my only option was to deal with it. So I knew that not handling it wasn't an option. So if not handling it, it's not an option. The only option left is handling it. So you just have to find the best way to do it. And I certainly allowed myself to feel a lot of emotions in there that I could have probably blocked out so that I could learn as many lessons as possible. And I've learned a lot of things. But I would say that, I mean, all in all, I understood as a man, you need to have a strong body. So you're not attacked by anyone else. And a strong mind so you don't attack yourself. And I think jail in many ways is just pressurized life. And if you feel a little bit angry outside of jail, you'll be very angry in jail. It's pressurized life. And you can't distract yourself with anything. Most people, if you feel angry right now, you'd  all that pissed me off and then you got your phone and talked to someone else about something else. You just tracked yourself, but you're left alone with your thoughts and you can't distract yourself. And God decided to put me in there to learn some things. And I think it just confirmed a bunch of things I already knew. And I think it was a chance for me to prove to him and to prove to myself I'm not full of shit. And I think that that was did you worry that you were full of shit? Never. But it's good when you get tested. No, but this is actually the truth. I said, top G, right? It's a name's a nickname, blah blah blah. Tip top G. The basic premise behind it and why I'm idolized by all these young men, especially is top G, the number one G, the guy who could do anything. He's the guy. I never for a second when I was saying it didn't mean it. I never for a second when I was saying it thought I was full of shit. So God was like, okay, let's find out if he's full of shit. And I was placed there and I said, all right, this is a chance for me to prove to myself, improve to God, improve to the man watching on the to the prison guards, improve to everyone else, my ancestors, that I'm not full of shit. I had a sense of duty in there and I feel like I performed it. Except you.  And it doesn't matter if it kept me in there for three months or three years or 30 years. I have to perform. That's who I am. And I will default to rationalizing, as you said. Whatever it takes, I will come up with any rationale and I will say in any way which is interesting and engaging and convincing enough to the outside world and to myself to install it in my brain that allows me to compete. That's just what I'm going to do because I don't want to lose anything ever. And yet, life perhaps, if we want to extrapolate this out, perhaps God is trying to break all of us. Maybe life is a big competition of who breaks last. I would actually argue. I would argue. And I said this before that the number one indicator of a man's success is his ability to deal with stress. I don't think it's IQ. I don't think it's physical capability. I don't think it's anything. If you take a man who can deal with a bunch of stress, he's going to be more successful than a man who can deal with less stress. How much stress you can put up with? There's a direct correlation to the kind of...  life you're gonna live. Most people who want my life don't have my life because they couldn't handle my life. That's why. They go, I want to be like, take, I want fast cars and private jets and all these girls and all these kids and all the blah blah. But they couldn't handle it. They couldn't deal with the pressure of it, which is why they'll never get there because even they get anywhere near it, they'll have a mental breakdown. So how big your life is and how successful you are in the physical realm is directly linked to how much stress you can do with. And perhaps God's trying to break all of us and He's trying to find all of our limits. I think most people at home watching this probably have something going on on their mind right now or something going on their lives. It might break them. Yeah. To me it would be nothing. To them it's a big deal. Yeah. So God's out here to break all of us and I want to be the guy who breaks last. Well, he's trying, maybe he's trying to make us stronger. Give us, give us test to help us evolve, to help us grow, to help us know him more. Absolutely. So let's assume that's what God is doing to a degree. He's trying to see where all of us would break. You have two responses to that. You can either be intimidated by the fact that God is out there trying to make your life difficult or you can be excited by the idea of it and saying this is my chance to prove my.  self-to-god, which is what I was saying earlier on in the very beginning of our podcast, why I've adopted the mindset where struggle is semi-exciting to me. God is out here trying to ask me questions or put me through scenarios where I get to prove myself to him and perhaps that's why all the bad things happen. Maybe that's why that girl left you. Maybe that's why he made you love her so much so that she could break your heart and fuck your best friend on purpose so that you to see how close you could come to breaking. Maybe that's what it's all about. Maybe that's the fun of it. The mantra that I use is yes, thank you. Whatever comes, whatever comes, yes, thank you. And yes, is an acceptance to God and thank you's gratitude for what's happening. And that mindset is a kind of surrender to God's will. Do you struggle between, I mean your will is very strong and I can feel the place where you like to impose your will in the world. So your will versus God's will. He'll win. Are you in, are you in a fight with God? And some level, not literally but unconsciously.  between his will and your will? No, I think I'm doing, I think I am doing his will. I think I am doing his will, which is what it takes to be truly successful in the world. I do believe that the moral arc of the universe does bend towards truth. That's not my saying. I think that's Martin Luther King's. But I think that it bends towards truth and justice in the end. I think that the battles we are currently fighting in society, which look hopeless in the end can be won. And I feel like I am doing his will by standing up and telling the truth. I think I'd have to be a complete coward of a man to end up having all of the masculine youth of a planet paying attention to every word I say, and then say, oh, but if I tell them good things, if I help them and help the world by extension, I might get in trouble. That'd make me a bitch. And that's not who I am. So I think if you give any man worth his salt, that degree of power and influence and responsibility, he's going to stand up and say, OK, this is how you should live as a man. And this is how you can make the world a better place. I'll let you.  afraid of the repercussions by the evil people, by the people on the other side who are genuinely evil and satanic, who are out to destroy good and truth. And I'm not a coward, I've never seen myself as a coward. In fact, we don't talk about vulnerability, the number one thing I could never exist as is a coward. I think that's, you won't talk about my biggest fear, it would be knowing I'm a coward, seeing myself as a coward, and being very realistic and knowing I was actually a coward. I couldn't, I couldn't accept that because I feel like I would be disappointing all of my ancestors and God, and I would have been full of shit all the time I was talking. Now I'm a fake, now I'm a liar, and I'm none of those things. When I say to the camera and I sit here and talk about depression not being real, I mean what I say because I've lived enough to shit to tell you that if depression was real, I would have been depressed. And people know that, which is why they listen to me in the first place. I would hate to be, to look in the mirror and know I acted like a coward on that scenario. I can't be that person. So, courage is the highest virtue I think. You think so?  Courage, love? Well, I like to think of myself as a man with plenty of love in his life and a very loving man. I also like to think of myself as an extremely brave person. I've never been a coward and even just the idea of being a coward is enough to motivate me to do nearly anything. So if you were to try and, there we go, vulnerability. If you were to try and manipulate me, how could you manipulate Andrew take one of the smartest people on the face of the planet? Well, you would have to try and convince him that it was the only brave act. That's how I could be manipulated. Now I allow manipulation to find out where my enemy wants me to go, use my mind to break the trap, punish the perpetrators. I will allow them to manipulate me and at the end of their attempt I will decide whether I agree with their attempt or I destroy their attempt. But that would be the best possible chance. And I give you a perfect example of it. COVID went on day one when everyone walked in their houses and they were talking about Italian hospitals being full of people dying on the street in China when everyone believed because it was brand new day.  me and Tristan decided to fly to Sweden and just run around the nightclubs because it was the only open country. Did we do that because we have medical expertise? Did we do that because we were guaranteed to not get sick? Did we do that because we knew something other people didn't know? It was the brave choice. The brave choice is to go to something reckless. We might all die, let's die in a nightclub in Sweden instead of dying in our house. So we always have chosen and defaulted to the brave choice. And part of me, maybe when we talk about excitement, I love when God or life or the universe or whatever you want to call it, gives me a chance to be brave. I love when he gives me an opportunity. Here's your chance to be brave Andrew. Here's your chance to show you are that guy. Here's your chance to have another story where everyone else would have failed you would have succeeded. Here's your chance to win. I love that because it's easy to fly around on private jets and stay in five star hotels with a bunch of beautiful women and drive baguettes around. But where is the point where I get to actually prove I mean everywhere I say? So God gave it to me. So yes.  Thank you. I agree. We agree. Thank you. And if God decides I have to go back, then the best mental model I can have is not the Romanian system of justice is unfair, it's corrupt, I got too big. The matrix got me, no, the best mental model is God wants me to learn something here. And he's going to teach me that through suffering. He's going to make this difficult and he's going to make me feel pain. And he's going to make this as hard as he decides it needs to be so that I can sit here and learn things. So I'm going to go and sit with my cockroach friends and I'm going to learn. I learned already learned things. I can tell you a bunch of things I learned. Even physical things. I would hunt cockroaches in the dark. At night, I would stand here to kill them. I'd stand near the wall and I'd measure out a palm strike directly exact measurement. So I didn't hurt my elbow or my hand to the wall. I'd just sit and just wait and I'd hear them crawling and it pitched nearly pitch black.  I could hear one in front of you. Bam! I told it, I got to the point where I could kill the ninja for real. I was like, I'm learning shit in here. So that was fantastic. I, uh, yeah, I learned not to do that. Just learning about yourself. This is again, that's... New information. That's all. I mean, you must have, right? I mean, you had a new experience, so you must be new information. When you got tested, right, you're in jail for fuck's sake. Like, something must have popped into your mind. There must be some revelation. Some edge that you came to. It had to be. No? I am exactly who I thought I was. I am 0% full of shit. I am exactly who I thought I was. If you would have told me, if you would have told me before I went to jail, before they put me in that dungeon, in the dark, with the cockroaches, if you would have told me how I would react to that snarling.  I would have said to you, I would have suffered and it wouldn't have been nice But I would have refused to break and I would have been the kind of person who sat there and endured and Emerged more powerful than ever before that's what I would have said. Yeah, and that's what I've done. Yes. Yes That's exactly what I've done. So but that's not the question. There may no it's not there may be a side order of nightmares I learned I've never had nightmares before my life. That surprised me that surprised me But they're here now that's life I learned that I guess I learned that when I got out of jail. I didn't have nightmares in jail, which is strange I had nightmares when I got out. Hmm. Maybe it's fear of going back Don't know but What else I learned about myself I had already pre-decided and I already told the universe how I would act in said scenario this scenario was not a scenario I hadn't discussed or didn't believe could happen to me I had already analyzed if this happens. What are you gonna do? It was a pre-designated plan and I just  I followed the plan I had already laid out for myself when I had already psychoanalyzed myself without my qualifications. I had already decided what I must do, so I did it. And I was able and capable of following the plan and following through. So I'm not a liar, I'm zero percent full of shit. I hear you, I hear you. And if I was full of shit, I would say here. There's no, but there's something, and that's not full of shit, but just something happened. Oh, completely. Because you're having nightmares now. Because something is going on that you don't like... Understand. Understand. That's all I'm getting here. That's completely true. I performed exactly how I needed to perform and how I knew I would perform. So when I talk about being top G and mental control and depression is not real, everything I say is true. I performed exactly as I could. And I should, there is a side effect which happens to be these nightmares. But my attitude towards the nightmares is, yes, thank you. Good. I don't want them to go away. They will go away whenever needs to be dealt with. By my own mind. And like I said, if anyone else could fix them...  for me, I would not allow them to because I believe it is my lesson and it's my pain and my trauma and it's mine to deal with. And if I have to keep them forever, I'll keep them. I am not afraid of feeling negative. I'm not afraid of it. I'm not afraid of having nightmares. I'm not, I don't wake up going, I want to feel good. I don't care. So, if I have to feel miserable, it doesn't bother me. I don't see why, in fact, I'm going to change that. I don't see how you can put such importance on how you feel as a man because it makes you non-competitive. Well, but it makes you, what it does is it brings you into presence. And presence is the most powerful quality that you can have as a human being. And if you are not in touch with your feelings, if you disown them or you rationalize them in some way, you're not fully present. Completely agree. Right? So, the reason we want to connect with the places we have fear or pain or sadness or anger or whatever it is, it's not to feel it and let ourselves be a slave to it. It's just to let it come into our conscious awareness to know what it is. There's information.  It's data, right? And if we can be present with all that we feel, right? We're much more powerful beings. No, it's super interesting you said that because you're right. Because I wouldn't consider myself a present person. I am always thinking about what must be done. I'm thinking about it. The interesting. Always that you would confess that. You're not a present person. No, I'm not present. If I'm present in the moment, I'm either on my computer or talking to someone else millions of miles away or dealing with something else, or I'm doing this podcast thing about how I have to spar afterwards. And then I've got a friend coming at 815 tonight. I have to see. I'm not present because things must be done. And they must be organized. I'm not competitive if I'm present. I need to do things. Now, I'll agree with you. You're right. I'm very rarely present. But here's my frame for presents, right? The reason I'm not all the way present, which is all the way here, is because there's something here that I don't want to feel. No, I would say there's two scenarios in which I am very present. And we'll talk about them in a second. But I'm not a very present person.  But I have sacrificed that idea of feeling presence and feeling happy in the moment for let's say absolute capability and legacy. But would you agree that being more present would give you more power? In certain scenarios. I think that might be the reason I love fighting so much because that's the only time I feel present. Right. Because I have to be right there because one I'm in pain and two of I'm not going to be asleep. Are you not present right now? I am. I'm paying attention. My brain's on. I'm paying attention. Let your brain go and see what happens. Just be here with me and don't like stop thinking. Stop thinking. I can't stop thinking. Stop thinking. You can't stop thinking. If you can't stop thinking, you don't have control over your mind. All right. Cool. So I stopped thinking. And just be in the place where there's no thinking. Sure. And just feel yourself who you are and see what happens. And I believe I am. But I'm saying generally in life, I wouldn't consider myself a present person. I'm not the person who is enjoying the moment.  But I am now because I'm focused. But now I'm focused. But do you see the difference in the quality of the interaction we just had? But what's the... Okay, let me ask you a question. Do you see the difference though? I do. Yeah. And how did that feel? It felt fine. But what's the difference? But what's the difference? For more, we more connected in some way. Isn't there more possibility to get to something deeper or something more truthful there when your mind is not constantly running? But I haven't lied to you. I'm not saying you've lied to me. Yeah. I'm not saying you've lied to me. I just said there's other levels. There's other layers. Right? Is there? You get to it. That's why you fight. It's what you said. Because it gets you out of your mind fully in your body. And when you're fighting, you're in that zone. Some of the intelligence opens up though. Yeah. You're doing things. You can feel that guy and you can miss the punch right there. And you don't even know why. Correct. Right? And so that is available all the time if you're willing to get present. Does life require that degree of focus? Not focus, presence. I know. They're slightly different. Maybe I see them as the same. I don't see myself as a particular...  present person, I do enjoy the presence of fighting, I do enjoy the presence of driving fast cars very fast. I'm thinking of it just so you understand my mental model. When I think of guys and I do know some who are like enjoying the moment, I very rarely enjoy the moment. Does that make sense? I don't ever, I'm sitting around and I'm like yeah, I look around and go I'm having fun that to just not how my brain works. Ever. That feels sad to me. Yeah, but this is the thing. Perhaps it is. I don't know. I'm not gonna say it is because I don't feel sad about it, but let's imagine it is sad. I have no fear feeling sad. If some were to say to me, Andrew, you're gonna enjoy the moment less because you're constantly preoccupied with running an empire that most people wouldn't believe as as large as you say it is even if you told them. And you're gonna have unlimited offspring who adore you and you're gonna have unlimited female interaction from women who truly would die for you. And you're gonna be one of the most respected men on the planet and you're gonna have street cred in every city from Baltimore.  to Berlin and you're going to end up going through all these trials and tribulations and they're going to talk about your name after you're dead for hundreds of years. But you're not going to be present in the moment. Would you take that? And I would say yes sir, I would. Give that to me. I can't be present because there's too much happening. How can I be present? How can I be present with hundreds of millions of dollars and decal, trying to put me in jail? How can I be present? I've got things happening in my brain. I can't be present. I've got things to deal with. I've got problems, my son. So I've sacrificed my presence. But then you have a mental model that says I can't be all of a present and do all of those things and maybe that model is incorrect. Well presence is, if you're truly present then you're not worried about anything outside of the moment you're in. Not necessarily. How does that work? This is all I'm interested in. I mean because the presence, right, you can let your consciousness go out, right, and you're kind of, you can be aware of everything, right? I'm perspicacious is one of my favorite words. I am aware of what's happened. I'm just not particularly interested in it. So I will sit at a table where everyone's having a conversation. I'll sit on my laptop and I'll chime up once every hour. I hear every word. I've analyzed every word.  I know who's right, I know who's wrong, I know what I could have said, I know who's the brain, I could have changed, what mind I could have affected. I've already considered if it's worth doing, but if I'd rather do my work and I'll ignore it all until I pop up and say three words and control the entire conversation and go back to my laptop. I'm aware of everything. I'm just not particularly present because I feel like I've built a life which is so large that it's hard for me to be present in the moment. I'm present with my children for an hour or two and then it's like, okay, back to work. So was your father, was your father present with you? No. But I don't think, but then this again. I'm just saying, as the psychotherapist when somebody said that, you said that, very, he was in president, that must have been... That involved him at all. It didn't bother you? No. He had things to do. He's a full grown man. I mean, you know, we can talk about the haircut tweet, but I didn't understand, you know, your history that you raised by a singer and mother, your father wasn't around. Yeah. So you see him once a year? About that, yeah. When we lived in America up to the age of 11, I saw him more often once or twice.  month maybe and then when did you get this split? I was 10 when they left. But I always understood he's very busy and has a lot to do. So I never... Did you see how the boy might interpret that? Is my father doesn't care about me? No. You can see how... I understand you sitting here right now but you understand like a little boy. I think a little boy might think why isn't... Where's daddy? I want daddy. I'm here alone with mom. And he might be right because some fathers may not care but my father did care. Right. He was just very busy. But it must be confusing for you. Not for the little boy? No. Like bring... I'm being honest. I'm being honest. I'm being honest. It wasn't. I never for a or you cut off or those feelings were so painful overwhelming. You cut off from them so quickly and then created this mindset to deal. I never for a second felt like he didn't care about me ever. I never felt that. It didn't cross my mind. Right. Like consciously. Consciously. But is it possible?  that unconsciously you might have a different belief. Some, and that on some level, some of what you're doing in the world is motivated by that, like wanting to win the love of your father. I think that is semi-true, but I'll tell you. I think that's fine. No, no, no, that's semi-true, that's semi-true because I believe I have a duty to my ancestors. I don't think it's coming from a place of I'm broken, trying to fix myself. I think I have the last name, Tate. It was bestowed upon me and I have responsibilities to live up to the last name, Tate. I do believe I have a duty to my ancestors. So is that trying to win the love of my father, perhaps? I never felt unloved by my father ever. In fact, I would argue I had the best father on earth. I never felt like I was owed all of his time. I was, it was very clear to me at a young age that he's extremely busy and extremely important and that I can earn his time, or that I can't have as much of it as I want. You have to earn his time? That was a, yeah. A son should have to earn his father's time. Yeah, why not?  Because he's a boy. True. And fathers love should be at least for a boy unconditional in some way. Love and time are not necessarily the same thing. If I told my father I want to play chess, I want you to teach me chess. He could find two hours. If I said to dad, I want to play video games or let's watch TV together and say, no son, I have things to do. So two degree I during his time. His time was valuable, and it could not be wasted. I feel like I have a duty to my ancestors. I don't feel like, and when I'm in jail, I feel like I can't disappoint him. And I feel like I do good for the world. I don't think this is me being some kind of broken secret. This is where we're going to disagree. You're going to think I'm some broken child inside. OK, OK, well the inner child, or I'm guessing. But well, yes, inner child. OK, I don't think it's anything to do with it. I think it's duty. I think I have duty, and I have honor. Yeah, I understand you have duty as a man, but that doesn't mean the inner child is not there. And I guess that's if the inner child has been disowned in some way, or his feelings.  have been relegated to the unconscious. That's impacting you, that's affecting you, and knowing what those feelings are, and how they impact you, I think, would be important information for you. But I was never sad. I can't say I had a hard childhood. I can't say I was sad. I can't say I wish he was different. Once again, let me psychoanalyze myself. Once again, this might be rational. I might be rationalizing it. I might say, well, whatever happened made me the person I am today, and I love who I am today, so I'm glad it was the way it was. Perhaps. But once again, I think that puts me in the correct mental framework to be as capable as possible. I'm not going to sit here and say, I wish my dad did something else, but what's the point? That's ass-and-off. Both things can be true, though. I wanted to see my father more. I wish he was there, and he wasn't. And now I'm here, and I'm going to make the best of it. And this is the result of that. And I've turned myself into this beast because of it. I mean, you made the most of the situation. But that doesn't discount the place.  where you may have wanted more freedom, you may have won a more love, more connection, just more time, more little way. I think my father did the one the best you knew how to do, and second he did what exactly what was necessary to make me the person I am to. Would it be okay for you to be angry with your father? No, absolutely not, it's disrespectful. Why not? Because he's my father. But I'm not saying that you would have to confront him. I mean obviously he's not here, but it's just like, that's selfish. But if it's just a feeling, right? If it's just a feeling that wants to come. It's on gratefulness. Well, you're judging the feeling. Yeah, I am. For me to sit and say to the man who made me the man I am today, who I once again never felt unloved by, who tried his very best to raise me, who sacrificed for me to exist, who gave me my last name, who bestowed upon me the honors and principles and morals I lived by today. For me to be angry at him because he was busy some days, would be brutally ungrateful. No, I'm not allowed, no, I'm not allowed that feeling. It's ungrateful. I refuse to accept it, I refuse to feel it. Mom, I'd never felt grateful or sad.  I truly believe I had the best father on earth. I truly believe it. I don't believe even now if I have sons, I don't talk about what children I have publicly. If I have sons or when I have sons or my sons I have, whichever one it is, they will get my time, sure. They will get my dedication, absolutely. But I have expectations of them because of their last name. And they're gonna have my time while we're working towards something fantastic. I'm not gonna sit around with my kids just for hours because they just deserve it. There's no participation trophies in the Tate household. And time is a trophy and it must be earned, like everything else in life. So I'm not gonna sit and have sons and go, well he's my son so we're just gonna all day do fucking nothing. No, we're gonna all day do something important. Or I'm gonna go do something important. And he can sit around do nothing by himself. For sure, but you can also imagine if you had sons and you saw them once a year, that would have an impact on them. Like how would you feel about that? If you had sons and you only saw them once a year. I think I'd miss them, of course, they'd miss me. I'd be right back.  your dad missed you. Oh completely. Absolutely. I bet he was sad there. Oh completely. And I wonder if he had self-judgment about it. I wonder if he questioned himself. Well I think as a man, you know- I don't think- would you do that? Well as a man you have to make a choice and I think it used to be more binary than it is today because of the nature of money and empire and how things work but as a man you have to make a choice. You either go to war and come back with stories or you sit at home all day and be a second mother and then you're not a man. You have to find the balance between the two right. My father was away a lot but he wasn't away a lot because he was doing nothing right. So if you have a soldier as a father okay he's not there but he's doing something he's coming back with a story and I think that that was typical in a lot of households for a very long time. Maybe it's changed a little bit in modern times but typically the man went away did whatever he had to do and then came back with a story or a hunt or whatever. So that's how I saw my father living his life and that's how I want to live my life. I will do the same thing. I don't think I would be the same man.  I decided to say, okay, I have a son now, so I'm just going to stay at home. And I think that I need to be a kind of man my son wants to emulate, which means I have to be a hero, and I don't think you can be a hero saying at home. So I think that I need to, yeah, he needs time, of course he does, but he also needs an example set, and that example must be set out there in the harsh root realities of the real world. So yeah, it's time, now the argument is quantity of time versus quality of time. And I would argue that the quality of time I will give my sons is going to be much higher than enough you would want to give them that. Oh, complete. You would want to give your sons more quality time than you had with your father. I'll give them the exact same amount as he gave me. Will you? But I'm happy. Would you not want to give them more? I may want to. I wanted more. I didn't say I wanted more. That's smart. I didn't say I wanted more. You didn't give me more. No, you must have. No, I'm saying that. I want time with his daddy. How can it, I mean, it has to be true. If I wanted, I could have earned it anytime.  I wanted. Wow. Are you sure about that? I'm pretty sure. I mean, I don't know if we need to read the tweet, but your mom was pretty upset with him. So he was like, I'm not coming back here. I mean, what I was just about you is about your mother. Oh, completely. And I think my father sacrificed his marriage for Us Boys. He sacrificed his marriage and his relationship with my mother to ensure that Us Boys were taught the way he believed we should be raised. My mom was very unhappy with certain things he did, which he insisted on doing anyway, because he saw his legacy in Us. It was more important than his marriage with my mother. But I'm not saying, look, if my son calls me and says, I'm really upset and he just talks to you. And I'm going to say, no, you can't talk to me. I'm not psycho, right? I understand all of these things. I'm just saying, obviously, we're talking about a very general scenario. The general scenario is, I'm a man. I'm a way at war. I come home with a story. Or if I'm spending time with my son, I want us to be building him as an individual. I believe that the mother does a lot of the day.  today keeping the child alive, changing diapers, feeding them, etc. And the man is the one who instills a lot of the mindset and the man is the one who grows them in very important ways. And I think to do that, I need to be a man of genuine capability. And I would argue that the two hours a month or two hours a week or whatever I spent with my father, him being the man he was, was worth more than the 200 hours a month that most men spend with their fathers. That's why I am the man I am. So there will be some fathers who sit and say, I could never do that to my son. Well, what can you do? You can go, do fucking basically nothing with your life. Pay your taxes, come home, be bitched at by your wife, be quiet about it, and be with your son all the time. Sure, you win in quantity of time. But who you are as a man, and with the lessons you can really teach, you lose in quality of time. So I believe my father was such a fantastic figure that it's the quality of his time that made up for the quantity. And the only way to do that is to go out in the world and be fantastic. And we can actually extrapolate this out to other things. Let's look at relationships, for example.  I see men who spend every day with their woman. That's fantastic. That's fine. That's how he elicits her love and her attention. Are you right, I'm utilizing? I'm completely. That's how he elic- I am. I'm a, that's how my brain works. Yeah. I see men who spend every day with their woman, which is fantastic. He wants to, she wants to, that's great. They're happy. She feels loved and she feels respected and she's glad she has all of this time. When you reach a certain quality of man, a certain level of man in terms of competence, a certain asholon, I don't have to spend all day with a woman. A woman one hour a month and she'll be loyal to me. Because I'm me. Because the quality of who I am, and the quality of my time, outweighs to quantity, which can be offered by a lesser being. So you can put this in nearly any dynamic. You put it in a romantic relationship and also in a family dynamic. Once you reach a certain level of competence, once you're at the highest asholons of human achievement, your time is by extension more valuable and extrapolates out. An hour with the president is worth more than 100 hours with the guy McDonald's. It's the same. So I think my father raised.  me by not being there. He raised me by being out there and doing so many fantastic things and being such a fantastic individual that I understood I had a duty to him and a duty to my last name and I can't be his son and not be fantastic. So I think he raised me in absence. That's what I think he did. You're proud of yourself that you got there. You won that one. But I think that's good. No, that's actually a fair argument. That would be the argument about God's will. That was God's will. Correct. And so I have to surrender to it and this is what it is. And my task is to deal with it. And maybe there are feelings you have about it that you don't fully understand, but that's okay. You know, you're here now and you're doing your thing and you're living your life and it's all good. So let me ask you, and maybe this will be the last question. I can go forever. And the reason I wanted to talk to you is because I genuinely did want to learn about myself. Yeah. I know. And I do like discussing these things. And like I said, I'm  being as vulnerable as I can be. I'm not, if you feel like I'm shielding, I'm truly not trying to. Well, you, you, you, you, when we shield, it's so habitual, it's so quick, right? Our defense, our defense is, I mean, we become identified with our defenses, so we don't even know when we're doing them. That's true, but I also feel like the framework that I've instilled, the rational mind, everything is going through this filter. This is how my brain operates. My filter is brutal rationality. That's the filter. So no matter what we're discussing or any conversation we're having, it has to go through this filter and I end up rationalizing because that's the way I've always function. Of course, of course. And so I can't turn off the, I can't start saying things that don't make sense to me. Yes. And what I'm also aware of is that I am bringing my own filter and you're open to it. You're not, you're not closed off to it. You're listening, you're, you're curious about it. So I sense that too. And I appreciate that.  You identify, you talk about yourself as a man of capability, man of courage, right? Man of action. Are you man of love? I think a lot of those things come from love. Let's analyze this. I think a lot of those things come from love. I think it's very difficult to do nearly anything important if it's not perhaps too degree driven by love or the desire for love even. I think the reason a lot of men want to become rich is because they want to feel loved or feel important or to matter. I also feel like the reason that a lot of men do the things they do is for love either of themselves or of someone else. I think the reason men go to work is because they love their family. The reason you go to the gym is because you love yourself. I think that love is a very powerful driving force. I certainly feel love. My world is full of love. I would argue I'm one of the most loved people in the world.  Like if I check my phone, it's just love. It's endless emails of people I don't know who love me, endless females who do know me, love me, endless pictures of children saying they miss me. I'm a very loved person in a very loved world. I love a lot of people. You love. I absolutely love, but because I believe in myself so strongly, I feel like the way I love them is to have a degree of authority over them. Not in a crazy psychopathic way, but in a, I love you so you should do this. I love you so act this way. I love you so don't do that. Almost in the same way a parent loves a child. You love your child so you don't let them eat candy all day. Because you love them. I'm like that with everyone in my life. Because I see myself as the most competent person on the planet. So I'm like, I love you, I care about you. You shouldn't do this this way. Because you may think you know better, but you don't, you don't know better than me. I know best, and this is how it should be. For anyone I can.  care about. I guess the reason I asked the question is, can you defeat the matrix by fighting it? Or can you only defeat the matrix through love? Absolutely. That's a very astute question and you're asking because you already know the answer. And you already know the answer. Of course, only love can be. Only love can be. And it's the most powerful driving force on the face of the planet. It always has been. And it's only when people are going to wake up and have a true love for themselves and love for the community and love for their children and love for these things that we're going to start to resist to evil. And the Satanism and the insanity which is coming in the world today. But I believe as a man at least, your love only has value when you're capable. Which is why my mayor perhaps I'm so obsessed with capability because I want my love to have value. We talked about how time has value when you're at a certain echelon. I would also argue that love has value in a certain echelon. If I'm in love with a girl, she can get a lot more from that love than if a Joe Schmosen love with her.  So my love has value because I have value. So I have to build myself. And especially as a man, if you want to feel love, then you want to give love, the more capable you become, the more valuable your love's going to be. And that's certainly how we're going to fix the world. So yeah, the answer is love, of course, but it can't just be blind empty love. It has to be love that is backed by a brutal harsh capability, which is born in the worst scenarios you're going to endure as a man. And the world, its baseline is a very brutal place. It can be. And I think that becoming comfortable with those scenarios and becoming capable in those scenarios is how you give your love deep true value. But I think that, yeah, love is the answer. Love is the answer. But I don't want to end it. I don't want to. Love is far from you to say. No. Like the fun. No, yeah. Love it. Love it. But we have to make this clear, because most people don't misunderstand what love is. I understand. No, because you say love is the answer. But you're not coming from you.  I don't think they're going to misunderstand it coming from you. And I guess this is it. Like maybe this is it. Maybe this is what people want more from you. Right? They want your love. They want to feel your love. I see it. Right? Like I can feel it coming off you. But I'm not like I see your sense of humor. I see how you work. So I'm not I don't feel threatened by you. Right? I feel like I understand you in some way. But a lot of people can. And I think that's that that to me is the problem in the world right now is that people cannot feel the father's love. I agree with you. And if they could feel that. And also the firmness also the direction all the things you're talking about the discipline. But if they can't feel the father's love. I mean, that's God's love coming through. And the father is the embodiment of God on earth. If they can't feel that love, then we're going to have a lot of fucking problems. But that's super interesting because they've hijacked the word love now. And they've confused the word love with tolerance and a complete lack of boundaries. And they're saying, if you love, if you're a loving person, you accept all this garbage. No, I disagree with that. You just said a very important thing. You said father's love. A father's love comes with tests and trials and tribulations.  What does a dad even traditionally do for his son? Take him out there, push him into the pool, let him struggle a bit, get him out, put him on the bike, let him fall over, help him get up. You have to go through the bad things to be rewarded and the bad things to learn. That's how a father typically loves. And a father also loves by saying, no, no, you cannot do that. So you nailed it by how society needs a father's love, completely true. And society is actually hijacked the word love and tried to convince you that you don't need the father's love. Perhaps you need this unconditional love, which is more and more like a mother's love. If you want to gender it, perhaps. Yeah. So it's unconditional. You can act without honor, you can act without courage, you can act without discipline. And you'll be loved anyway just because you exist. I don't believe that for myself. I believe if I start, if I remove all my morality, I will not just be loved by default, not by my family, not by God, not by society. I don't believe that. And the people who do believe that, who think I should be loved just for how I, just for existing, regardless of how I act and what I think, those are some of those evil people on the planet. I truly believe. And they're also some of the most unsuccessful and unspecaculous.  and they're the people who are out here genuinely trying to change the site in a direction which has never been tested which I believe is going to lead down to the The depths of hell truly I think it's evil So yeah, I agreed you fathers love is important but love and in of itself house boundaries love is strict love is hard love is Love is a hard emotion Love is fierce love is not an emotion of all do whatever you want. It's the opposite love is no you have to do this I believe love is a very hard very strong emotion And if I think of how let's say I have two women one I love one I don't love and I enjoy both of their company I'm harder on the one I love I expect more from her in terms of how she acts I expect more from her in terms of how she speaks to me I expect more from her and how she presents herself to the world the more I love her the more I expect of her The more parameters I want to put on her in regards to how she should behave because I love her Love it love is a hard emotion So yeah love wins but not in the way that people think love they  hijacked the word love and convince people that love means, ah, I tolerate everything. That's not love. I agree, and it goes back to this, what we're talking about with the presence. I wonder, and I'm just having this thought now, that if we come all the way into presence, if we allow ourselves to be all the way here and feel everything that's here, that is actually the thing that we would feel. Love. Like God, which is, you could say God is love, and maybe, maybe, that that's the scariest thing. That's the edge, because if we're fully surrendered to that, like we're in that flow state, that, that, that, the disillusion of the ego, letting go of all the things that we have, and we have to be in that place. So maybe that, that to me, is like, you know, if you wanted to feed the matrix, right? Like you want to become Neo. I think that's what it is. Interesting, and what I will do, and I will take away from this conversation is, I am, I will, I will definitely have moments of presence. I mean, I'm human, I do have like a couple minutes where I sit and just look around and go, you know, life's not all that bad. Of course, but I will perhaps try.  dedicate a little bit more time. Maybe I can turn two. I'll see if I can allocate three minutes instead of two towards presence and see how that makes me feel overall. It's interesting that you said when you're present you feel love. I actually completely agree with that. I can't think of a time I've been present and felt anything other than gratefulness. Just to look around and go, you know what? Yeah. Everything's fine. In fact, even in jail that happened. Even in jail I had moments of presence and I looked around and goes, this is not nearly as bad as like the media saying it is and the woman on the phone are crying and everyone's panicking. You know what? I'm not in a trench. I'm probably not going to get blown up. If a fire started could I get through that steel door? If anyone could it's me. I'm not on a submarine in World War II. There's no depth charges. I'm not a car crash. It's fine. Cup of tea. It's fine. I did have those moments, right? So when you come to a moment, yeah, when you come to a moment.  Even in a terrible scenario, it often ends up love. You're right. And I certainly have felt them and I certainly could do it. My rationale would be, my argument would be, does that make me more powerful? You're arguing it does and maybe perhaps I'd try it. Whereas I would typically up until this conversation, I would say, I don't have time for that. I have things to do. So that's where all comes down to. And then it comes down to, like I said earlier, am I here as a human to enjoy my experience as a human and enjoy being in this vessel and have as much fun as possible and be as present as possible? Or am I here to make the biggest impact that can possibly make and build a legacy? And of course, probably, like most things in life, the answer is somewhere in between the two. It's probably some balance. Perhaps I'm slightly out of balance and that's why I am living the life I am. But I'm not unhappy with it. And if I was unhappy with it, it wouldn't change anything. But I actually do consider myself. I do genuinely consider myself one of one of.  Because I put no importance on emotion. And when I say that, I try to make people understand that when I say no importance, it doesn't affect how I act, so I don't see the point in talking about it, or I don't see the point in even acknowledging it, because it doesn't affect what I'm going to do for the day, so who cares, right? It doesn't matter if it's sunny or raining, if you're going to go to work, you're going to go to work, so why talk about the weather? So I don't put any importance on emotion, but I would actually call myself one of the happiest people on earth, not because I'm particularly happy, but because I'm just never sad. So if it's never dark, it must be light. If it's never cold, it must be hot. So I don't, when I say, I will say I'm one of the happiest people on earth, and people think, oh, he's happy all the time. No, I'm just never sad. Never. So if you're never sad, you're always happy. Another thing I will actually argue, look at this early, look at this easy. Oh, I got away with a wind there. I would actually argue that, why are you arguing? What are you arguing?  Because maybe you maybe you'll disagree me. Okay. I would also like to I'll just explain When we were talking about how I built my mental model and how I rationalize everything one of the what things I've done when I rationalize is I've changed the boundary of what I believe happy to be so let's say happiness is this line on this table Most people this is the full spectrum of human emotion This is absolute to straw because your parents just died and this is extremely happy and get it and you're laughing and jumping around like a child for whatever reason Most people would probably put happy somewhere up here near the top Yeah, whereas I've just changed that bar and I've just said unless I'm truly distraught unless I'm actually at the point where I can barely speak Let's move happiness down to here unless I'm truly distraught and something really bad's happened to me I've already passed a threshold. I'm just a different level of happy Now I'm the more I talk to you the more I realize that a lot of what I've done are just simply semantic tricks They're language tricks. Yeah, I've changed language tricks if I'm not absolutely distraught I am some version of happy therefore I'm the happiest man on earth because I'm always some love  of happy. It's semantic tricks, but if it works, I mean it could be a cheap language trick, but if the cheap language trick works, then it's more than a cheap language trick. So, I've also changed what I believe happy to be. I think that there's probably five or six times in your adult life you're going to be unhappy, and the rest of the time you're just a different level of happy. Maybe less happy, more happy, but you're all at some point of happy. If you can speak you're happy enough because when you're truly upset you came to talk. That's what I believe. Is that enough? Is that all I had to say? It's interesting, yeah, because you're... So, here, you want me to tell you what I noticed. Sure. It is hard for you to stay present. Right? Like, you come present, and then you go to a thought, you go to an idea, and you talk, you talk, you talk, you talk, and it's very convincing, and it's very persuasive. And you're asserting your worldview.  you're a frame of reality, which, you know, but like sometimes, like, I lose you there. Like, I'm like, where are you? Like, there's words, but I can't feel you entirely. I understand. You know what I mean? And I wanna, like, feel you more. I understand. You know what I mean? I understand, but. But I don't think. But just stay, just stay with that. Just stay in that. Like, don't let your mind go. Just stay in the field. Yeah, don't go off with a thought. So what am I feeling right now? Let me think. But just stay with me. Just stay with me and be present in the experience with no words and see what happens. Like, something will change in how we relate to each other. Something will soften. Like, if you let yourself soften, it just be with me. Yeah. Right? Which is kind of a weird experience for two men to have. Yep. Right? But it's actually what children long for with their father. It's actually what we long for is deeper levels of connection. Yes. Which is let yourself be here with me and just see what happens. But then what are we gonna talk about? We don't have to talk about anything.  It doesn't feel good to feel another man, like just to feel the strength, like without the words, without that layer of thought and dialogue and discussion. Come back. Come back. Come back. Don't think. Well, I have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. Just be here. This is the place you get to when you're fighting. It feels good. It's true, but does it? Doesn't it feel good? Yes, but there's an action involved. Like I can feel everything about the person I'm fighting whether it's good or bad. I can feel if I've hurt them or not. It's me. I don't get to punch you, my friend. You know, it's been good fun. I feel like I've learned some things, and I feel like we need to do it again. Absolutely. Yeah, that was fun. I appreciate you, man. Thank you, bro. Yeah.