 Big, big business man with business interests, I have ego investment in hurting me now. And I keep winning. So I don't know I'm in a very precarious scenario. Do I continue to win? Do I, do I, do I- Ooh, what a great part for me to start it on. We're talking about ego. Hey, this is our thing here. That them win a bit. Do I just roll over and shut up? What am I supposed to do? I don't know what the right move is. It's difficult. So you sincerely don't know what the right move is? I sincerely have decided that the best thing I can do is stay- Well, that would be so incredibly honest of Andrew Tate in a world of narcissistic personality disorder where Andrew Tate would say, I don't know the next move because everything is so backwards and purposely gas-lit and it's like Yuri, the guy that teaches us all about communism, him telling me how the communists lead me down a road.  and they know how all this works and they know how all the psychology works and they know how just to make it backwards enough to make me make the move that they would want me to make. So in a world of stupid people, Andrew Tate would be saying something highly intelligent and then if you were in the same position, I would hope everybody would be smart enough to understand that every single decision that you would make would be one that was planned out for you in the first place. So it makes it kind of difficult to know what decision to make. You actually have to think about it and you have to critically think about it and know that all of this has already been worked out and you're like a mouse in their rat race. My faith in St. Trudeau God and tell the truth and fight. The right move for me I believe is to fight and fight to the end because I think that suicide.  is always the wrong option. I believe you're putting it back in position. The best thing you should possibly do is fight the best of your ability, which is what I'm gonna do. However, this is exactly what they would do to me if our mystery school was mainstream. If I was looking at it purely logically without any kind of ideological motivations, perhaps if I were to shut up when they wanted me to, I wouldn't be in the scenario. That's just not who I am. You know, Alexander the Great didn't have to keep conquering. Genghis Khan didn't need to be in it. I could have just chill. It would be perfect. It would be perfect for the system because being a mystery school teacher is all about being unlikable. All they would have to do is show a couple of my videos in every single human being would agree. And that's what they're in this to do is to do all the things that have been done to you your entire life, your slandered black mailed and extorted. So I feel like when I'm in a position where I don't...  know what I'm supposed to do the best thing I can do is just look to God and tell the truth. And just, that's what I'm doing. I'm going to ask you one more question regarding human traffic because this is a heinous charge or, absolutely, I don't even know what this human trafficking is because truly the Democrats have changed the language because they don't want anybody to know what prostitution is. So they're legalizing everything and it's like Gary Gensler trying to ask us or say is crypto? I'm going to say it's a security. Is it a commodity? Or is this a, we're not going to tell you, we're not going to tell you and then we're going to sue you. Does not, this is not lightweight stuff. You famously ran a webcam. I truly, the definition of human trafficking has been changed so that they can have open borders. What the fuck does human trafficking?  Even mean at all Perfectly leave. I think that that's a question every single human being see that's the that's the mind fuckery Right there the Andrew Tates trying to watch out for that that should be brought up in this interview that's live right now Nothing wrong with that. I mean I can't tell you how many women are doing only fans these days Webcam business. Yeah, oh doing only fans is sex trafficking So the reason was that it's actually anything the definition is lefties get to do whatever they fucking want and all their sex work That's somehow a privileged thing of lefties or somehow superior if they're sex workers But if anybody else was like a sex worker that's human trafficking A correlation It's it's all new laws where they're gaslighting where you don't know what they are  And if they don't like you, oh, oh, that's me. Uh-oh. If they don't like you, they decide that you're the bad side of everything. And if they like you, your human trafficking is good. Trafficking, the sex trafficking, the webcam. See, that's what that's the real. That's the real intelligence. Here, I guess that's, you know, I just kind of started making this video. I was going to make a video on the FBI whistleblower. I think we'll do that next. And then I saw Andrew Tate's live. And isn't this the real intelligence? I'm just saying, oh, oh, we found out why I'm the teacher of the mystery school. Because it's these things that are actually important about all this stuff. How much did they correlate that? Yeah, they're not so well. You must be human trafficking. He's running on Webcam. This is so important. They're not Andrew Tate, but they're playing inside the new world that they were given. Rather than calling it out, you call.  out when the Democrats have changed the language. They've changed it for a reason. Those are the rules to not play by. You know, like while Andrew Tate would say, well, I mean, I don't play by the rules and I tell the truth. And everybody would assume that they do that. But why are you playing in the fabricated world that they made for you with their language that they changed to purposely fuck you? So they haven't even charged any of the webcam business. Zero. And what's crazy? It's crazy. It's people assume that right? It's crazy because one, it's not legal. And two, you can go drive down the high school. I don't I don't think anybody is able to penetrate that one. I don't think anybody's ego. It's only I think it's only us at the mystery school because we deal with the ego. We know what the ego does. Every single person their ego will latch onto this.  And they'll just play in the mentally ill world with all of the mentally ill toys where the Democrats have changed all the language and they'll play in their new definitions. And that was what not to do. The media, there's webcast studios on the San Luis Copular businesses in the country. It's not even illegal. And that was a past life. We're talking about something happened 10 years ago. It was that long ago. It was about 10 years ago. Yeah, it was at the very beginning of it. The very beginning of the whole idea of this, this data industry. Manette is an application which allows you to take a minute to connect with your hand. We got to hand it to our world. My name is Andrew Tate. And I'm available to speak directly to you, by say. And after talking to him a while, they say, it's not what you say, it's how you say. Of course. It's the best thing. That's it. And Drew Tate's talking about how they don't like Donald Trump. It doesn't matter what Donald Trump does. They decided that they don't like him. Which is my perception. So if you're a lefty, you get to do all.  the you get to do whatever you want and if they decide that they don't like you that's what all of life is based on isn't that fucking sad when it came down to it? I have I've had people who say I hate what you say so what do I say and after talking to look at this shit I hate what you say words are just grunting noises that we make words are just noises everything's about your true intention of course in the court of law everything is about your true intention and words are just sounds and noises that we make hoping that other people understand us wouldn't it be a really fucked up stupid world if people actually listen to the words people say that's even I mean that's huge in the Bible that God  doesn't give a fuck about the words that you say. It's actually your meaning and your intent behind them because words are just noises that we're making and we've agreed that they make words. And it's the way that we communicate as human beings. And it's not a very good way of communicating, but it's the best that we have as human beings. But look at how mentally ill human beings are. They want to think that the words people say are somehow important when it was the intention behind the words. Nobody even understands what anybody says either. Ever, ever, ever. I've had people who say, I hate what you say. I say, what do I say? And after talking to them a while, they say, it's not what you say, it's how you say it. Of course. It's the perception of a mission. Isn't that exactly like you guys know? I mean, at one time you were new at the mystery school to be new at the mysteries school.  is to hate me like the lefties hate and rotate. To hate me is how everybody hates Donald Trump. In terms of why they say it's not what you say, it's how you say it. Of course, it's the perception of aggression. It's the perception of masculinity. And of course I don't mean to... I'm using myself as the example for you. Now that you're a student at the mystery school, well, I mean, now you go through it. I hate what you say. So what do I say? And after talking to them a while, they say, it's not what you say, it's how you say it. Of course. It's the perception of aggression. It's the perception of masculinity that they're afraid of. It's not even the words. They might like the words. It's not delivery. So I understand perception can be a reality to a degree. I accepted that maybe the first month, thousand jails. I understand when you have a message which is complicated. And masculinity as a whole is a very complicated capestry. That the best way to instill it and teach it is to break it down to its free core.  We bring it down to its core beliefs. So I've evolved way beyond Lamborghini's and chicks, right? But masculinity is a whole is a very complicated capacity. You need to have the emotionality. You need to have the times you feel like crying and you don't. You need to have the times you can be aggressive. You need to have the times you can be violent to protect your family. It's very complicated. And you can't teach that, especially to the young generation in spite of the constant propaganda they have coming in their ears very easily. So I break it down to a very core message. And the core message is that I have financial freedom. So it's hard to tell what to do. And I have sexual access because I'm respected by women. And I have a good network because I'm respected by men. I break it down to those core things. And those core things are what I build. That's how you build the tapestry and the masculinity. And if you don't have those three core things, you can never build the rest of it. That's the beginning of it. If you know how those three things are hard to build the rest of it. It's difficult with Andrew Tate when he talks about masculinity because he lives in Romania, which does make things different. And...  Androotate is talking about a playboy. There's a difference, of course. There's a huge difference between an alpha male playboy and a father, and just a real man. It's a man to women, a man to children, that everybody sees as a father figure, does teach boys how to be men and all that kind of stuff. So, anybody who doesn't look into my message properly, I mean, I'm sure these people who are after me have never listened to me speak at length, ever. Ever, they just look at picture. He's on a boat, there's three girls on the boat. There's no way those girls are happy with that, because my wife hates me, and there's three of them. So, he... See, imagine if Androotate got married, and then he had his own children, had one children, a child too, or something like that. His tune would change. He would take all the...  masculinity, everything that he does, because he's just doing it in the version of where you don't have a wife. He's doing it in the version of where if you don't have a wife, you're more or less like a playboy with it where women do look up to you. And if Andrew Tate got married and had a kid or two or something, his tune would change into the traditional father, alpha male. It has to go to jail. And this is happening. This is that baseline. I truly believe it's that baseline. But how else can I teach my message as complicated as it is without first breaking down and proving you have success in the most core levels of it, right? Before you learn to box you, Jav. You know, Andrew Tate, I think he would be perfect to be one of the father figures of the Jim Crow community. If Andrew Tate got married and had a couple kids and he would turn into that father figure. And you know, that that was a couple of the questions back with...  we were making the everyday I'm hustling down in the ghetto, videos with all the Jim Crow and it's like how do we how do we fix this? It's culture. The the Jim Crow community is built by the Democrats purposely. Well, it's very easy to change it around to flip it 180 degrees. You know, that would be something where it seems like an unsolvable problem and who could ever do this and then I say to you, that can be changed overnight. Didn't you you already have the proof of it? See, I've been saying this stuff my whole life. It's the only time, the only time. I mean, really, the only time I would ever be thankful for something like COVID because now everybody knows, hey, did you know that the entire world can be changed overnight? Before you do all the complicated stuff, you do the basic stuff. Before COVID, everybody would laugh at me. It would be  be one of those mystery school things that I say and people think I have wishful thinking or what and no, the world can be changed overnight. There's nothing to humiliate me about. There's nothing to laugh at me about. So a lot of it is people looking at my message, not understanding how detailed it is, not understanding how positive it is, looking at the baseline instincts which I teach and which I use to advertise my success as a whole to people to show and say, look, I clearly know what I'm talking about to a degree because I have things that you want and you're a man so you can't tell me you wouldn't want them. Everybody wants this. Everybody wants one of these. You know, I would almost want to say that to complete and rotate, he needs more Jordan Peterson, but Jordan Peterson, oh my God. Oh my God. Where even is what is Jordan Peterson even doing? You and I, you guys were right. I talked shit about Jordan Peterson. I got  Everybody hating Jordan Peterson and I didn't mean to then I double back to try to be like no Jordan Peterson No, he's really helping us out in shit and then You guys were right you guys were right This they try to weaponize it news against me and you're right. It's it's feminism as a whole that has this idea that But man is a man unapologetically and he doesn't apologize for being a man. He's a bad person Which we've discussed it lengthen. I'll discuss them a lot of times But it's truly the most crazy thing about all of this is when shit hits the fan It's exactly the kind of men they hate that they want every single time every single time You can go out to a bar in America and you can stand here and argue with a feminist and argue with her to the end of time And if someone ran in her with a gun she would say hey you you go Here's a misogynist you go protect her. Oh Andrew Tate just see this is brilliant Andrew Tate said one of those things. It's a truth. It's a self-evident truth. You can't get away from it If somebody  In Andrutate scenario, if somebody came to the night club with a gun, it doesn't matter your belief system. You're going to revert to the laws of creation. You're going to revert to the laws of the universe. And you can think that you're some bull-dike feminist dumb blue-haired bitch. But the moment that somebody walks up with a gun, all those dumb blue-haired feminist fucking fat cows are going to look at the man to do something about it. Put her in the mirror with the gun. She would say, Hey, you, you go. You're the misogynist. You go protect me. The feminist guy who's on my team. I don't want him to go. I want you to go. Please. We don't want Dylan Mulvaney on the front line. Of course not. And it's hypocritical. And it's hypocritical. And it's done. And that's a big conversation to have that I don't think we're going to have it right now. It goes into how lefties enslave people. Literally lefties mental.  They will, they're the ones that they love slave labor in other countries. They absolutely love it. They like to pretend that they're abolishing slavery in the United States that's already been abolished a long time ago and they like to move our jobs overseas. See, understand I'm talking about like a 50 to 60 year span here. I'm talking about a lot of time here. They like to get rid of your jobs and ship them overseas because they love the slave labor when it's away from them. Lefties think that if they don't see something, then it doesn't exist, that they can create slave labor in other countries and then they gaslight you, they gaslight themselves and they go, that's not really happening. No, everybody is really nice people. It's a big conversation. How lefties love their, I mean they are the gym.  They are the plantation, they are the slave master, but they, it's something that the demi-erge, it gets a big-ass boner over if it can create slave labor in other countries. Oh, the ego feels so granderous. Bany on the front line. Of course not. And it's hypocritical. And it's hypocritical, and it's done on purpose, it's purported by the matrix, and it's done to attack the baseline masculinity of men because they don't want men to be masculine. Because when you're masculine, you say no to them. Oh, I didn't rewind it far enough, and I'm not going to go back, but hopefully you guys understood the context of what I said, because what I said would seem completely different than what Andrew Tate said. It requires a huge conversation, and then we go, oh my God. Ooh, the world is fucked up, and hardcore, and people are truly mentally ill. You know, I wonder, I wonder how many of you, when you first came to the mystery school, and I'm talking about all this narcissism shit in the demi-erge, and I'm talking about how it's really not...  Narcissism that runs the entire world. It's the Principleities talked about in the Bible that your enemy isn't people It's the principalities the principalities are the narcissistic mental illness I wonder how many people thought that I don't know that I'm just talking and now you've come to realize That no, it's the most truthful thing you might ever know in your entire life that the world Is run by narcissistic mental disorder It's all it's all that was Had testosterone. Uh-oh my fans are starting to run. Uh-oh my computer doesn't like the light. Oh my god I can see holy shit You know how many people are on this live stream no wonder my computer's bogging down 136,000 people It was linked to your capability to disagree with people I wouldn'tWW  my little oh I can't even stop it now oh my little Macbook Pro it does not like live streams where there's a hundred and thirty six thousand people in the chat back before we were symbolizing the art today but here's a funny one here's a funny one of the Demi urge and straight up goi town look at the amount of donations that are given here this isn't like donating to the mystery school these are people this is it's so sickening they don't even know who they're donating to they're donating they're not donating to Andrew Tate they think that they are these are people that want to be in a club these are people that think that somehow they know and rotate and their and rotates buddy and it's nothing like actually donating to somebody that's giving you a real product like the mystery school you know that that's the people that get it it's  The most sickening is if Linus Tech Tips, you know, Linus Tech Tips, who gives no tech tips and it's YouTube computer pranks. And if Linus Tech Tips ever does a live stream, literally it's only donations and it's thousands of dollars, thousands and thousands and thousands and why are people donating somebody that's a multi-millionaire on YouTube for nothing at all. Absolutely, there's no reason for Linus to have the millions and millions and millions of dollars that he does. Then, I mean, you guys explain it to me. It's a whole ego thing. You have to fight that man. Who's it and say you are wrong? You know what makes me upset about it? People should only donate if they're getting something in return. If you're getting a product, it's like buying something. If everybody stopped donating, well then everybody would donate to me.  The money would go to the right places and the right people. Also Billy E.O. Violence. If you didn't advocate Billy for violence, you didn't say they're wrong. You didn't say they're wrong. You used to greed with them. These are people that would never donate to a charity or somebody that actually needs it. These very fucking selfish people. Very selfish, selfish, selfish people. And they saved it all up for times like these. Right. Times like these we learned love again. So they don't want that. I thought that I was going to have a golden voice like Frank Sinatra right there. We are standing up and saying I don't believe in X. They want to reduce our testosterone levels to reunix so that we sit and say, well, I need to agree with it. Yeah, that's the shit right there. That's how to understand all this transgender shit. It's unique shit from the past. What do you do about it? Is what it is. And then they have absolute control. Do you think history favors that ideology or history?  eventually a group of men stand up and say, yeah, listen, we've had enough. This is not going to be happening. I do believe that in history, it's always been the same. I believe it's always been... Do you see what this guy just said? This is why you and I. This is why you have such a huge education in from Sal to Paul. How dipshit Sal became the apostle Paul. And this guy saying, well, isn't there going to be some great men that stand up? Well, see, that's what we've learned. There is no great men to stand up because nobody has an education in the demi-erge. Nobody can beat the demi-erge. The demi-erge is going to humiliate you. It's going to slander, blackmail, and extort you. And it's not going to make any sense while it does it. So if this guy was saying, isn't there going to be credible honest people that stand up and just say no to this?  The Demi Urges is just gonna run them over like a fucking Mac truck is just gonna run them the fuck over They'll have no defense against it and they'll just be the same humiliated people that the matrix does to everybody Look at them eventually Well, that would be me Who's qualified for this job to stand up to the Demi Urge? That I be oh it would be you who's a student of the mystery school that has a huge Education in all of this every bit you and I we've been down in the depths and inner workings of all of it These what it is and then they have absolute control do you think history favors that ideology? For history eventually a group of men Stand up and say yeah, listen, we've had enough. This is not gonna be happening I do believe that in history. It's always been the same. I believe it's always been a select group  of good men who are up against evil. I think they've always been outnumbered and it's always been difficult and they've always suffered. The last people that did this was the founding fathers of the United States that had to break away from the evil British communist, to the British communist, the Canadian communist, the Australian communist, they all think that they're somehow identical to the United States, but we broke off from all of you. It was England, but it was basically all of you. We broke off from all of you just to have our own free society and then you all force your communism on us till this day. Isn't it funny how the British act like, no, the United States and Britain are just the same. Everybody, no, no, you're a communist and you're forcing your communist shit, the same shit of why we broke away from you in the first place. When I was in jail, the amount of letters I got from people and there was just a names of, and I'm not gonna...  in my self to these people. This is the letters I got of Nelson Mandela, Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, Muhammad Ali, that everyone who is unjustly in prison, everyone's on the jail. Because when you stand up for something, they ain't up trying to put you in jail. When you're a group person trying to do good, the evil, the matrix is a hole, it's going to try and throw you in jail. Andrew Tate is totally right, but I'm hoping that you're thinking of biblical things. I hope that you're thinking of the scriptures. You're thinking of how all of this was already told. All of every single thing that could happen, it was already told in a bunch of different ways. And that's what our Bible is actually for. It's predicting the future and the past. Everyone who is unjustly in prison. The Bible is going to tell you how every single archetype works, how the moves that they're going to make, the mental illness that they have, there's no new tale to tell. Martin Luther King, Malcolm X.  Muhammad Ali, did everyone who was unjustly imprisoned, everyone's one day. So basically, Andrew Tate would be talking, if we wanted to talk about the grand figure of all this, you would be talking about Jesus Christ. So all these prominent figures that Andrew Tate's talking about, that the Matrix has done all their slander, blackmail and extortion, they're all following Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ told you, if you do things my way, the world's going to treat you exactly as it treated me. So all the things that they crucified Jesus Christ for, they're going to crucify you for. Thanks, Muhammad Ali, did everyone who was unjustly imprisoned, everyone's gone to jail. Because when you stand up for something, they ain't up trying to put you in jail. When you're a group person trying to do good, the evil, the Matrix is a hole, it's going to try and throw you in jail. That's what they do. That's the punishment for it. These trees always been the same, it's always been. Yeah, if you pick up your...  cross and walk, they're gonna do to you everything that they did to Jesus Christ. That's what Jesus Christ was showing us, what they will do to you. Jesus Christ wasn't up on a big old ego thing of where he's like, Hey, guys, look at all these things that they do to me. You know, like I have to explain a lot of the times I have to say it like it's me. When it's you, I have to say, look, look at all these things that the matrix does to me. Look at this, look at this, but I'm talking about you. I'm talking about all these figures. I'm talking about anybody that picks up their cross and walks. Jesus Christ told you that they're gonna do it to you. You and Jill, when you're a group person trying to do good, the evil, the matrix is a hole, it's gonna try and throw you in jail. That's what they do. That's the punishment for it. And history's always been the same. It's always been a small group of outgunned people who stand up, who are... You know, even before Jesus Christ, it was John.  Who was paving the way for Jesus Christ how they kept John in prison? Why did they in prison John? Yeah, all the it's all already told To the detriment of themselves too principled to allow in justice and evil to thrive and they stand up and they're out gone Then they're outnumbered but they're like no, I have to tell the truth If you play a video game and you're the good guy when you get to the boss at the end He has more life than you he has more hit points and he moves faster and he's a cheater He cheats he cheats about it. You want a great analogy That's something that I'm going to carry around right there. That is brilliant. I mean it's so self-evident It's so right there. Yes, of course when you're playing dark souls the boss is going to be really difficult He's going to have more health than you. He's going to be one crafty bitch And you and you it's like The odds everything stacked against you. Yeah, that's what makes a good dark souls  boss fight right there. Good guy. When you get to the boss at the end, he has more life than you. He has more hit points and he moves faster and he's a cheater. He cheats. He cheats. The bad guy cheats, but he's still win because you're good. And that's how that's how the battle has always been. I would love for the world to be another way, but I don't think it's ever been that way. I think if you find any time in history, it's always been the same story. Yeah, it couldn't be, it couldn't be more truthful. I mean, it couldn't be more of what it really is. It's never changed through all of history. I mean, the position work, like I said earlier, what am I supposed to do? Am I, do I have a life path in which I can genuinely help people and do I have a life path in which I can genuinely do some damage to the evil to the world? Oh, I really think Andrew Tate needs to get married and have a kid because I mean, that's the complete date right there. This is Playboy. And I can tell the difference. I can tell the difference between Playboy and Drew Tate and Father and Drew Tate.  I think Andrew Tate would be way more powerful if he was a father with children. Everything that he says would have so much more impact. And it has tremendous impact. But playboy Andrew Tate is not as powerful as father head of the household. I teach my children Andrew Tate. Shut up and delete my Twitter account and just go away. You know, wouldn't he just be the ultimate father? He would not only be the ultimate father, but he would be, it would make him a real teacher. Not that he's not, but it would really, it would really complete him. It would really expand Andrew Tate. How sometimes like, I've been in sales for quite a while. If a guy who doesn't have any responsibilities any single.  30,000 out of a month, boom, he's going to Vegas having a good time. And then he doesn't work as hard until he runs out of his 30,000. Pretty much the day I got to go make the 30,000 again. Oh my God, Panic, I got to pay my bills. I'm beyond on the phone. Let me buy this watch and make 40 grand. I'm going out again. So it's very inconsistent, right? And then as your sales longer, you're like, okay, the profile of somebody that's going to be more consistent is not a single guy. It's a guy that's married, kids, homeowner. And there we go, married, kids, homeowner. And all those three are signs of what married commitment, homeowner, commitment, responsibility, kids, commitment, responsibility. Last time we didn't talk about your kids. At this point, I think it's public, video, your daughter running to me, give that to your kids, all this stuff, everybody knows at this point. Not me because I forgot, because I didn't know. But that's still not married and rotate. Father figure.  Everybody knows that Andrew Tates the daddy. Everybody knows Andrew Tates is the playboy. So it doesn't matter. Andrew Tates kids and all that. It matters. Andrew Tate the married man who has all the morals and values and gets his direction from God and the whole thing. When you're in jail, sometimes I sit in, I go, because that's what you're here at the mystery school to learn how to be the head of the household. That's come like, I'm like 50 bucks behind. And I like to read. I know you don't. You're here to learn how to make your girlfriend impressed with you without doing ego things. You're here to make your wife look up to you without a bunch of granderous ego types of things just by being the real head of the household, the real man, the real alpha male. If you are the alpha male, not wrong with being the beta male, then you want a powerful woman.  wrong with that. That's how the world's going to work. It's too bad that the LBGT, it was purposely that they stole the rainbow. The rainbow is gods. The rainbow is gods covenant. The rainbow is showing how all of us human beings are going to be completely and totally unique. And here on Planet Earth, we're going to play out every scenario that could ever be played out. I talk about reading a little bit, I like to, I'm 50 books behind, but I bet if you're in a place where you're in jail, you're forcing... You know, see, even me going, oh, I would like to see Andrew Tate as the married father figure man because he would really have impact. Maybe that's not the way things are supposed to work because we're truly going to all be unique. Well, maybe this is Andrew Tate's way, this is what Andrew Tate and then I with my ego think that we're all...  supposed to be the husband, father, figure, man. And that would be me forcing everything into a box while Andrew Tate is expressing the rainbow. Think, you're forced to Andrew, you don't have the phone, you don't have the computer, there is no emergency podcast, go away and think, you're sitting there like, okay, family, kids, you know, what it's really all about. Those decisions when you think about your kids, does it influence you to say, what are you doing this? You know, why are you going through all this stuff? I wouldn't even bring up Andrew Tate's kids or any of that stuff unless Andrew Tate was presenting himself as like the father figure. Then it's kind of like, oh, you don't really want to talk about your kids, you don't want your kids in the public eye. If you did want your kids in the public eye, you would show yourself more as the father, the married man, father figure.  and since you present yourself as playboy, it shows me that you want to kind of keep your kids in the background of it all. I wouldn't even bring up Andrew Tate's kids or anything unless he was presenting himself as the father figure. Better make some changes in your lifestyle. And if yes, in what areas? Or does it say no, double down even, walk some fighting for them? And that's a really interesting question. I'll start by saying how thoughts in jail are different than thoughts in the outside world, because this is actually an observation I had. In the outside world, I don't think you carry a thought for very long that you don't want to carry. You can sit and think about something that you want to, but if you don't want to think about something, you just get your phone out. Sometimes in your head, I don't know, you can't find out. Stractors, or you get in your laptop, or you call someone, or you do something, right? It's not really open in the real world. It's not really open in the real world. You have a thought you don't want in your head, and you have nothing to take it away. You have no phone, you have no outside interaction, you have nowhere to go. What a perspective. You just stop.  Yeah, you're stuck with that ball. Oh, oh, we're stuck with us. No matter where we go, we take us with us. Il were for the first time like I had a lot of mental control, but there was the first time ever I'm battling with my own mind saying I don't want to think about this. And I put another thought in the way It was on the door. I'm knocking on the door all the time and this is for weeks Because it never did every day is the same. You never get the inside of the direction and you also what made it worse is you never get the answer You know like the open loop if you're ever saying to somebody I'm gonna tell you something I'll tell you later and at bothersome. That's what jails like because you might think of something Doesn't matter what it is. I won't say what my fault was but I'll give you the sample Let's say I thought when did constant and open for what year? I can't just go there. I don't know So stuck in my head. I've never Googled anything in my life I just I just have never never done that  You know, you know why? I mean, I could Google things. It's the whole thing of once you came to the mystery school You realized that there nobody in the world has ever answered any of your questions Your entire life all this biblical stuff that you and I do all this mystery school stuff Yeah, try to talk about any of it in the regular world Everyone's gonna have an ego reaction on you They're gonna androotate you if you ever mentioned any of this mystery school shit Don't know the answer normally in life. You want to know something? You know when you came to the mystery school you realized no one's ever answered your questions And if you ever brought up any of this shit, they're gonna humiliate you into oblivion Do you know the only option that you have? Just the teachings of Jesus Christ you have a life in no sense trying to figure out what the teachings of Jesus Christ Mean because nobody's gonna tell you nobody's gonna help you out with  that in total the mystery school because see I used to be that person where I walked around my whole life. Never got an answer, a question answered by anybody or all I got was humiliation and then I started this mystery school thing. It's fine now. But in jail you tell him. See I'm like, I don't know. You go this in your head and you're like, I can't get this out of my head. So when you have a negative thoughts, especially if there's an open loop to it, you need to know. Life of just, you can't talk to anybody. You can't say anything. They just humiliate you. A whole life of that. It didn't make me think that Google is going to answer my questions now. Well, Google is going to be the same as these stupid people because these stupid people are what's making up Google. Or you want to know something. You can't get it out of your mind. I would sit there for hours just meditating, trying to just keep the door closed on negative thoughts. It's really difficult.  experience and maybe a normal jail in western countries where you get to go and interact with people you can distract yourself but I will stuck in a room for nine three days in one room I did not leave that is where I was I was allowed to go to the fridge once a day where you have three meter walk and back it in my room you and taking a tristan in the same room or no at the beginning we were but then we ended up in the same room yeah so yeah the thoughts and jail are very pervasive and it's also a long time maybe never maybe never an outside world where I had a thought in my head for weeks and weeks and weeks and when you just satisfy the problem you fix the issue in the real world and jail you can't do that so yeah family and kids and those are the positive things that you do think about but it's difficult because I think of children I think of legacy and then if you're gonna think of your legacy by your children you think of your legacy by your actions and then you have to sit by extension go well truly truly on my deathbed truly will I be happier if I gave up or if I continued to tell the truth  I'm scared of the regret of thinking, you know what? I was the most famous man in the world and every man on earth was listening to me and I was really making a difference. But I'm scared. I don't think I can live as a coward. Yeah, that's how I live my life. I don't know how I would live as a coward. But I think that that's part of my autism and my ass burgers. I'm just not even capable. I'm not even capable of living in their world. I'm not even capable of having that ego shell thing. My ass burgers and my autism protects me from wearing the ego of this world. And I just my whole life, I look at every single person ran by the ego. They don't even know themselves. They don't live their own lives. The ego runs their life, lives their life for them. And they're completely oblivious to all of it. I feel like a pussy. I just feel like a winner. I would feel like I know I would feel like an ultimate pussy. I would feel like the ultimate wimp. I would  feel like I betrayed myself. I only know myself. I mean, that would be the ultimate betrayal of myself. I don't get I don't have the luxury of wearing an ego like a garment because that's what that's what it is. And ego is like your garment shell. It's the famous man in the world and every man on earth is a system to me and I was re making a difference. I don't think I can live as a coward. I feel like a person. I just feel like a woman. And sometimes I know it's probably how everybody lives their life. I would feel like a fraud. My life, I do not feel like a fraud. I do not feel like a phony. I bet you're just about all human beings live their whole lives as being a fraud and a phony. And I couldn't even comprehend. I couldn't even to give it. There is no such thing as giving into this stuff.  things there is. The idea of feeling like a coward, a man will run into a birding building to not be a coward. If the firefighter, they go, there's chosen in there. And the whole building's on fire as I go, I can't be a coward. I'll fuck it. And you'll risk your life. It's something that's built inside of us on our own pride. It's something that should be. It's what they're trying to take away from us. But it's what it used to be built inside of men. And I just feel like I can't give up. I know what I'm doing is good. I know what I'm teaching is good. I know people don't like it. But I know I'm not teaching anything that's bad. And yeah, I want my children to be happy. But I have daughters too. And how do you make sure that your daughters are secure and have a good future? Well, I think you do that by building good men. How else do you do it? My daughter is mine now, but she won't be mine forever. She's going to marry somebody. I like the idea of marrying a good man with honor and principle. A man like me. I don't want to marry some idiot. So they call me a misogynist and I'm anti-woman. I'm pro woman. The best way you can improve the lives of women is make men better men.  man is a good man. He's good for all of society, including women. Yeah, Andrew, it's so easy. Andrew Tate is decent, just like how I'm decent, just like how the founding fathers of the United States are decent, just like if you're, if you live in the United States, you should really get this decent thing because the entirety of the United States is built on this decent thing. And then the mental illness can't comprehend it. Decent see it makes it look like things are going lower when they're really making them go up. The mental illness can't comprehend this shit. This is genius shit. Decent is genius shit. And the mental illness can only comprehend literally what people say. Well, I mean, the mental illness could never figure out actual real decent for everyone around him when he's good being a man. So I feel like I'm meant to, you know what the mental illness does? It goes your being  a hypocrite and you go no it's called descent it appears to go down while it really lifts everything up and then the mental illness just chuckles and laughs going yeah but it sounded hypocritical to me because I can't understand context I can only understand literal things I can't understand esoteric mystery school things. it's difficult and yeah I can't say with honesty that I strongly considered giving up it never crossed my mind it was it was insane. I mean it's gonna it's gonna horrify you if we took this to the movie 1984 you watched the movie book I don't even know if it's a movie I know it's a book you read you watch whatever the fuck 1984 and then you understand all the inner workings of it you understand the psychology and what there is to learn lefties you know what the mental illness does to a book like 19  1984, it literally thinks that it's its playbook. A the mental illness will follow that and copy it and go, okay, our new theme, our new mantra is we literally copy the book 1984 and then you understood that there was actually a lot, a lot more to learn than actually thinking it's literal and then thinking it's a playbook to follow. Do I need to do that's how evil that's how evil the mental illness actually is. It would read the book 1984 and copy it and turn the entire world into it and then go, but I didn't do it. The book 1984 told me to do it. And after like half a second is again, I do. I don't know why. It doesn't make logical sense. So kids did an InfoNcid one way or another? Kids, kids, kids, kids, maybe you want to do it. Kids, maybe you want to do it. Oh, it's the Andrew Tase getting into that real father.  right there. I look up to my father as a hero and I would hate for my sons to look up at me and not see me as a hero because that's how I believe you should see your dad as a hero. And I feel like I have a- and you're not a hero without an enemy. You're not a hero without fight. Did they ever try to- and by the way I don't see this working effectively at all, but did they at all try to come in between you and Tristan or you and the two girls or the two of you and them? Was there any manipulation and divisive? So let's end it here. I think that we did the huge meat and potatoes of this thing. I hope you enjoyed it and I hope you have the greatest day and the greatest life you could possibly have.