 Stop thinking, start doing. If we were still in the animal kingdom, the lions that you see on TV, they weren't just born big lions. They had to fight other lions and to get that antelope.  to fight other animals, hyenas, jackals, they had to fight to be the boss. That's the world. The world has become exceptionally easy for a lot of men. It used to be a different place. Most men were cat and fauna. Most of us would have ended up in wars, dying for no reason. Now we don't have to do that. So because we don't have to do that, men think it's okay to just become comfortable now. You don't know it's supposed to be comfortable. You're never evolved to be comfortable. You're supposed to be uncomfortable. And if you find make yourself uncomfortable constructively, it's very easy to be anything you want. You're going to be comfortable now where people think, ah, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. But you know what? To some degree, it does matter. It does matter. And I'm going to tell you who it matters to. It matters to your soul. It matters to God. I think we're here to struggle and to learn. I don't think we're here to be happy. That's why when we keep going back to the happy argument, I've always found that kind of frustrating and annoying. And someone goes, oh, but I want to be happy. Why? I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to endure pain. Yeah. I think we're here to just see how hard we are to kill. I think that going through terrible things and living.  through them and coming out the other side is one of the most fantastic things about being human. I think that it's almost like once you understand what life is really about, there's no emotion which isn't enjoyable. The only emotional state which can be seen as detrimental is feeling nothing at all. But if you're sitting at home and you're feeling truly heartbroken, at least you're feeling something, right? And I think that's the whole part of being human. I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to go through pain. That's so I wake up each day and go, what can I attack? What problem can I solve? And look at history, why did Ganga's Khan wake up and want to conquer the whole world? Why did Napoleon conquer the world? Why did Alexander the Great conquer the world? Just use wake up and just say, give me this. Give me, I want all of it. I need to, there's an army there, they're really big. It's better. It's intrinsic. You need to go and conquer. That's the purpose of life. I believe that the most important thing you can do is a man is to gain control of your own, is to gain control of your mind. Once you have control of your mind, life is so ridiculously easy. It's so ridiculously easy.  It's so easy to be in people saying to me, take your and could shape, but all you do is drink vodka and travel the world and never even home. We never even have a gym. How do you do it? It's ridiculously easy if you control your mind. If I decide to do a thousand push-ups, I'll do them. Maybe I have to do them one at a time. Maybe I'll get tired. Maybe I need a break. I'm gonna do a thousand because I said I'm gonna do a thousand. It's not hard. Everyone knows what they're supposed to do. Once you control your mind, it's easy, right? Getting over a breakup with that bitch. You miss that girl, you're upset, you miss her with all your heart. But once you realize she's gone, if you control your mind, she's gone now. She's gone now, gonna miss her. That's a shame off to the gym. You either control your mind or you don't. And all of these things stem from the same problem. It's something you can do. It's something that is learned. It's something that is taught. But it's something that I needed to survive. So for me, it's easy, right? This is all I've ever known. But people have like, now they don't need it to survive. So they never develop the skill. That's just how it works. At the end of World War II, when men see, seen, when men,  went to Europe and saw unspeakable horrors at the end of World War II. Did they all come home and need therapy or did they all come home and get back to life? She backed her life. Because that was everyone was taught to have a mind that they control because they needed to survive. There's no one else. That's how life worked back then. But this is it, but people are so scared of the emotions. That's all it is. No one's going to shoot them in the head. They're scared of the emotions of missing her. You're a full grown man. You're scared of some emotions. Sit in bed and be sad and play your chest and go to the gym and be sad and lift your weights and be sad for a while and do your shit. You're not sad anymore. You're scared of emotions to the point you let a bitch run your life. It's insane. Conquest is all life's ever been for men. This is what men have an innate desire to conquest, to conquer. Even you. You care about having as many viewers as possible on your streams. You care about being as big as possible. You care about conquering. Why did the Romans wake up, make melt rocks, make swords and walk in random directions? They didn't have Google Maps, they didn't have a clue where they were going. Random directions to find some other group of people.  and come up and take their shit. Why? Conquest. This is a conquer. Why did Genghis Khan ride his ass from Mongolia all the way to Vienna? It's a long way. Why? Conquer. Men are born with this innate desire to conquer since side of us. They're trying to suppress it. They're trying to distract it away from you. Tell you that you're wrong. You're toxicly masked and you shouldn't want to conquer. You should want to sit at home and be tolerant. No, you should. You should want to conquer shit. Only thing that's going to make you intrinsically happy is conquest. Nothing else. If you're depressed because you don't conquer shit, conquer something. Get up and do it. It doesn't have to be a negative at all. You can do it in a very, very positive way. You can have a positive impact on the world. I like to think that my impact on the world has been positive. I've conquered the whole internet and I've done it in a positive way. I'm helping the world. Maybe my enemy is maybe the matrix doesn't like me but there's young men who are watching every single one of my videos whose lives are changing. So conquest can be a very positive thing. So I'm here on the internet conquering the internet because I've decided to because that's my hobby. Because I don't do anything to generate. I don't take drugs. I don't gamble anymore. I used to gamble a bit, port of it.  Doe gamble, don't take drugs. I drink sometimes, but I truly not a big deal for me. I don't like to drink too much. Pussy's great, but how much of it do you really need? I have enough. But what else is it to do? Drive cars are conquering it. And I know nothing else to do. That's it. So my organization, the War Room, is already I would vouch as one of the top five most important and powerful organizations on the planet. Within 10 years, we will be the most powerful organization on the planet. I can't even tell you here in public that you will not believe the influence we have. You will not believe the organizations we have infiltrated. You will not believe it if I told you. I'm going to run the most powerful closed circuit organization on the planet. It's going to be mine. And I'm going to conquer Earth. And I'm going to have 20 sons from 10 supermodels. And I'm going to die. And there's going to be 10 20 androtates watching my old the wolves continuing the legacy. This is what I'm going to do for my bloodline. I'm going to conquer Earth. Goals are something you put on the wall to motivate yourself, right? Right. Goals are motivating. So you want to buy a car. You put the car on the wall and it motivates you to go to work to get the car. So that's a goal that a goals are for motivation. I don't work.  I work on discipline. So I don't have a set goal. I just get up and do what I know I'm supposed to do I don't work to try and afford that car I work because I'm supposed to work and then I can already afford that car and another one and another one and a boat and a plane and a house and another house and a land and I just work. I do my work. That is my duty as a man is my duty to God. I train the gym. It is my duty to God I do I do my duties to God. I fulfill my duty. I'm an old school gentleman of honor and respect. I do what I'm supposed to do I don't have any particular set goals. Anything I decide to do or want to do I can do instantly and if I can't do instantly I can do it pretty quickly. I don't need goals in that old traditional sense. I do what I'm supposed to do Wow. It's not a matter of how I feel or how I'm motivated. If I was depressed, it's impossible but if I was depressed, my life would be and the day-to-day activities would be exactly the same as if I was exactly happy. You wouldn't be able to see a difference. I'd be up at the same time. I'd be in the gym the same. I'd be doing the same shit.  It's, those are my duties as my duties to God. I don't, how I feel has nothing to do with it. Completely unrelated. How I feel is unrelated to my duties to God. They don't change based on how I feel. They're the same. And they will be completed because I refuse to fail God or my bloodline. That's amazing. How, let me, no, I'm telling you. And there's a bunch, there's how many people in this stream? 188,000, 168,000, whatever. You could take 150,000 of these people and travel back in time and stand them in front of their ancestors. And their ancestors who fought favor to tigers or escaped the Mongol hordes or managed to dodge bombs in the Second World War, all the shit they went through just for this craton to be born. And to look at him, look at who he is, listen to his life story, listen to what he does on a day to day basis and they would feel nothing but shame. Your ancestors did all that shit, all that struggling to survive, hunting and g-  gathering, avoiding enemies, anything it took dying at age 30 from a tooth infection, all the crap they went through just for you to be born so you could smoke weed and jack off. That's what your ancestors died for. That's what they worked, no hard for. That's who you are. That's the end of your bloodline. Do you feel no shame? It's shameful. My ancestors will look at me and think everything we went through was worth it. Your ancestors will look at most of these people, their ancestors will look at them and feel nothing but disgust. It's true, it's disgusting. And they should look in the mirror, look deep in their own eyes and say yes, I'm disgusting, I can change this. That's the beauty about being a man. If you're disgusting, you can change it. That's the beauty. There's nothing stopping you changing it. You must accept it first. Most of these people, what they do is they hang around with other disgusting people and then they're a little group of disgusting people and they want not disgusting everyone's disgusting and this is normal and it's normal to be a jerk off. Not in my world, isn't. This is when I was making jokes early about predators and prey and my world, I'm in a world of predators.  It's not normal to be a jerk off in my world. As good as I am, I still push myself to the limit every single day. I have every single thing a man could possibly want. I'm still pushing myself. This is your prerogative. It's a man. But you need to be instilled with a sense of duty. Duty to your bloodline. You must want it. You need to want it deep inside your soul. I can't die as anything less than emperor. It's my destiny. What do you think is the hardest challenge for the average man? That's a good question. It's a really good question. I think that a lot of people don't understand that it's all of the challenges and struggles that it's going to make them. It's either going to make or break them. I read, I don't read studies very often, but I was sent a study about stress from somebody. It's probably the best study I ever read. And it's talked about the placebo effect of stress. And I said that they took some of the most stressed people in the world, CEOs, etc. And the ones who believed that stress was really bad for them were dying earlier because of the cortisol inside of the blood. And they said stress would be bad from there having heart attacks. But the ones who believed that stress was good for them and they made the perform, I perform under pressure, stress is good for me. They were looking...  longer. So the same drug inside of their blood, how they framed it inside of their mind had different effects on their body. So from that point onwards, even though I already thought this way, I knew I was the right way. I knew it was the right way to think and hate me because I've done pretty good in life that way. But disconfirmed it. Every time I feel stressed or under pressure, I get excited. I hate to not be stressed. I wake up and I'm like, everything's good. Yes! Like, that's just how I am, right? But it's how you look at the problems and how you use them to fuel you. So the question was, what's the problem for the average man today was the biggest problem? I think there's a whole host of problems. But what you have to do is frame it inside of your mind and understand that all of those problems are going to allow you give you the fuel, the unlimited motivation that you need to become a successful and beautiful individual. If you frame it in the right way, if you take a man and give him a life shielded from problems, and he never has any deface, I guarantee you he's terrible at being a man. The best men in the world have gone through shit. That's just that's why women love scars. They didn't kill you. That's the whole point of it, right? So the best thing you can do is  a man is looking go okay this is hard this is hard this is hard this is hard I feel negative because these are also difficult I'm struggling with XYZ let me internalize all of that and turn it into a superpower let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because like I said the universe is absolutely not really giving and if you truly hate it being in a position you were in you wouldn't be there well emotions are feedback the idea that men don't feel emotions is incorrect we feel emotions I would actually argue we feel emotions insert with certain emotions stronger than women I would argue that we feel heartbreak stronger than women I would argue we feel anger like a woman could never understand I would argue we are extremely emotional rage rage pure rage it's feedback so when you get the feedback it's all about how you internalize it how you process right it's having stoicism's not not feeling emotions it's feeling the emotion and going okay why is this happening how much does this really matter what's the most intelligent movement just I'm not even that good at chess right my father's a grandmaster I'm like 1800 you I'm okay  I was a child chess prodigy, but I stopped playing chess professionally when I was like, hey, so I'm as good now as I was. In fact, I'm worse now than when I was eight, because I've never taken any lessons or anything properly said, because my mother and father broke up. We moved England, my dad stayed in America, lost my chess coach, and England didn't have a chess infrastructure. America had a chess infrastructure in the lower income schools. My dad used to go to the ghetto schools, because he was black, go to the black schools and teach him how to play chess. So we had a big infrastructure. I picked it eight. I picked it eight, yeah. But chess is a fantastic game, because in the game of chess, there's no longer. If you lose, no matter how well you play, if you lose, at some point, you made a mistake. Even if it was the most minor mistake, you made a mistake. So you learn to understand that no matter what happens to you, if you lose a scenario, you made a mistake. Maybe it's a tiny one, maybe it was two years ago, whatever, but you made a mistake, and you learn absolute and our accountability here. So, at that mentality, it's extremely powerful to apply to all things in life. The position I'm in now is the most hated man in the world, although.  I agree and I truly believe it's unfair. I still take complete responsibility for. I'm not going to say or say I tell you why it happened when I talk about TikTok and YouTube forks but I'm not going to blame it. Absolutely. There are company making money and they're monetizing the best they can. Fantastic. All of this is my fault. But the Bugatti on my drive is my fault and the Yacht is my fault. The private jet's my fault. So it's all my fault. So I take the good with the bad. I take all responsibility for absolutely everything including if a woman leaves me, if a woman stays, if I end up heartbroken, if I end up filled with rage, I take responsibility for that. Something happens to me that makes me enraged. I will take responsibility. Why has this happened to me? Why do I feel this way? How did I end up in this position? Is this healthy in this scenario? And sometimes it is. I've had scenarios in my life where I was prepared to die to protect somebody else and I was enraged and it was healthy. I've also had time for I'm in a room by myself enraged. Shit, and they're going, this is so good for anybody. I need to just call them down. So emotions are feedback.  but stoicism is the ability to process and that's what you need to be learned as a man. You're never going to be able to turn them off You're going to feel them. You have to learn how to turn you have to learn how to process them and turn them into a pulsing It's energy. It's unlimited energy. I say this all the time. I say that the biggest periods of transformation in my life So everything was going wrong when my life was going good It's I'm not a hedonistic person. I don't do drugs. I don't gamble. I don't do prostitutes I don't do anything that had anistic but I'll certainly go on the york with a bunch of women I know and chill and have some blog posts that when life smooth That's then it's semi-head and this dick pretty relaxed But when I make my biggest progress when I really change who I am and change the world That's when everything's when things go wrong or I'm feeling things I don't want to feel or bad things are happening. That's when I'm like, okay, I concur I currently can not see I've completed the day's tasks. I've tried to go to bed. I can't switch more shit has to come That's when the amazing things happen in my life. What I was heartbroken When I was whatever  Everyone's been hard, Brian, I can't remember a specific example. I hit the gym harder, right? If something goes wrong with your pain and poster, that's when you get invented. That's business, right? That's when you get inventive. So all the bad things that happened to you as a man, if you're a stoic, you get to take unlimited energy. Heartbreak is unlimited energy. So is depression, so is rage, so is sadness. All these negative emotions, they tell you to collapse behind. It's like people talk like Bruce Lee says, be like water. And people see that as be fluid and just go with the flow. I disagree. If you're like water, you are your necessary for life. You are scary when you're enraged. You're powerful. You're beautiful when you're calm. You're so many things when you're like water, right? So if I'm enraged, it's like water behind a dam. You just got to put the dam in place. And you go, hit the turbo, the hydroelectric, but in don't tsunami your life, you can put the energy somewhere. And this is the most beautiful thing about it, because people messaged me all the time, like, oh, but, take, you don't know how sad I feel. No, it's incorrect. I know exactly how sad. Difference is I used it. And you're sitting, you're still crying. Some random...  on email for third month in a row. That's the difference between you and me, my friend. I was becoming a rule champion kickboxer. I got to a point into it. I, people often told me that the person said, I don't understand it, I will say listen. There's been times in my life where I was fully functional as an adult. I would never label myself depressed because I don't believe in the idea of labeling myself in a negative because I don't believe in things that take power from me. Which we'll talk about in a second. But there's been times in my life where I didn't give a thick of a thought I lived to die. There were times in my life where I went to fight a man for money. And I didn't give a shit if I lost it even woke up. Didn't get to fight. I had nothing worth living for. I was brokeie, didn't have a girlfriend, didn't have me money. Got two day called to fight some world champion. I had to lose 10 kilos and two days. Had nothing else going for me. Go on a plane to Dagestan and one. There were times I've done that. By all conventional wisdom, I was depressed. I was suicidal, didn't I? But I was just like, no, I don't give a shit. And that's what I was at my most powerful. Now I get that call in my throat. I got...  new car outside and shit. I'm not cool with the dad. I'm going to a wedding. Sorry, how much money now? But back then I was like, yeah, cool. Who is he? This guy, no, I think I didn't give a, I was most powerful when I was sad, when I was depressed, when all these things. And the difference is, was the framing. I've always been rich, but I'm not just rich because of money. I'm rich because of a bunch of things that money cannot buy. Like I know there's people with lots of money, but they don't have the network I have. They don't have the brotherhood I have. Just sit with my boys knowing that if it comes to, if it's, if the bullet start flying me and my 10 friends we all die or no one dies. Having that brotherhood, having women who would literally, you could go to jail for 10 years and they would wait for you. They exist for you and only you completely and utterly, you are their entire universe. By having physicality, walking through the world, bigger and stronger than everyone else, having all those professional fights, having an-  all the bad things, having the trauma, all the pain, all the bullshit I've been through. You ain't a good man if you haven't had trauma. Though I'm rich not because of money, I'm rich because I've been through a whole bunch of shit. Like I don't see anyone else on the planet richer than me because they're either too old or their life's been too easy. Like I have a very, very unique life, very, very eclectic life. I was born with the best possible start a man can have, which is good parents and no money. I've made all of my money completely myself the hard way. If you see a Lamborghini pull up and a little nerd gets out, you think, oh, super tech nerd, probably invented Stripe or something, he's a nerd. Whereas if you see a Lambo pull up and a big strong bald, whatever crazy dude gets out, you think, okay, now he's a drug dealer. He's a mafia boss. The Lambo doesn't change what you think it amplifies to the person. His money is an amplifier, it doesn't change. So I'm very fortunate, I'm very happy that I was poor for a long time because I never would have been able to learn the lessons I've learned if I was rich. I wouldn't have been able to take those risks. I would have never been able to be in those situations. I've been stabbed just like you. I'll show you my-  So I would never have been able to put through hell if I had money. So I'm very glad I was poor for a very long time. And the reason I'm the richest person on the planet is not because of the amount of money I have is because of all the shit that happened to me when I was poor. And I state that without arrogance. I don't mean to be arrogant, but I am a realist. And as a realist, it would be absolutely unprofessional for me to sit here and pretend I'm not an exceptional human being. Because I am. And a lot of those things I did myself. And some of them were God-given. But the ones that weren't God-given was because I put myself through hell. I put myself through hell because I decided to throw comfort away. For 10 years of my life, I was never comfortable. As a man, if you don't make yourself valuable, you have no value. You have to get up and do it. Just like a video game, you start with zero. You have to decide if you want to complete it. You have to upgrade your character. So I find it amazing that men are going to play video games and come out and waste their time. I said, I'm upgrading their character. Everyone knows what to do. You know what you have to do. You're right. If you had the most dangerous, intelligent, respectable man on the planet, you know you're supposed to go to the gym. You know you're supposed to train, learn how to fight. You know all these things. You don't do them. That's your-  decision is your prerogative. I didn't I didn't make that choice. I made the choice to do it all. I decided all of it. And every single man watching this can do the exact same thing. And me as a man, when I've put my self through hell, when I have had such exacting, such stringent standards for myself, why would I then have less exacting stringent standards on the people I meet? Why would I put my self through hell to be me and then meet someone who didn't put themselves through hell and then treat them like my equal? No, I suffered when you didn't. So you're not my equal because you decided not to suffer. You have enjoyed comfort when I haven't and that's fine but don't expect me to look at you as my equal because you're not. I'll snap your neck. If we were still in the animal kingdom, the lions that you see on TV, they weren't just born big lions. They had to fight other lions, they had to fight to get that antelope. They had to fight other animals, hyenas, jackals. They had to fight to be the boss. We live in a comfortable world now where people think, oh, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. But you know what? To some degree, it does matter.  It does matter and I don't tell you who it matters to. It matters to your soul and it matters to God. I stand in the mirror with a pure heart. I know I am the best version of me that could possibly ever exist. I know that God is proud of me. There's nothing that God hates more than sloth and laziness. If God were to create a man and that man were to sit around and do all, God will frown upon you. It's why you're never lucky. If you're listening to this and you think I'm never lucky, I'll tell you why, because God dislikes you because you're lazy. Start to work. Start to show God the beauty of his own creations. You'd be amazed how lucky you'll become. God is unhappy with these people. And inside their hearts, they're unhappy. We talk about depression and anxiety, all those things you mentioned earlier on this podcast. That comes from self-loathing. You load your own weakness. You load your own laziness. This is what all of these things are. I don't feel depression. How can I feel depression when I'm the most powerful version of me that I could ever be? How can I feel depression when I could squeeze my own hand hard enough to break my own bones? How can I feel depression when I've smashed and destroyed?  68 people's faces in front of me, men who thought they could test me in fair combat. How can I feel depressed? It's impossible. If you cannot control your own mind, then you are just a feather in the wind of life. Because your own mind is the only thing you can control. You can't control the weather. You can't control other people. You can't even control whether your heart stops beating. You might have a heart attack tomorrow. You can't control anything besides what you think. If you cannot control your own mind, then you go through life with zero control. Zero influence. You can't control anything. You're just a feather in the wind waiting for life to blow you from happy place to sad place to happy place to sad place. Completely hoping on the gods to be fortunate to you because of any genuine discomfort comes your way. It is trained like everything else in life. It is trained. So if you find yourself not appreciating what you have until it's gone, then you must blink and cure your brain. If you find yourself unable to focus or concentrate on tasks, you must blink and cure your brain. If you find yourself unable to go...  and dedicate yourself to something you don't want to do, you must blink and cure your brain. Because all of our minds have been under constant assault for years. The way the mind functions, the way people interact has changed so significantly in the last 10 years you wouldn't believe. If you go to a party today as opposed to a party 10 years ago, they look completely different. People are acting differently. People are on their phones now that they're used to be. And now people will go to places only to get an Instagram picture even if they don't enjoy the place. It's all about pretending they're having fun as opposed to actually having fun. The entire paradigm of society and how we interact has now changed. Every single thing in the world is attempting to influence you. I'll give you another paradigm that people need to understand. I ask people, people have these beliefs. It doesn't matter what their belief is. It doesn't matter they believe in something. I say, where did you get that belief from? And they don't know. Oh, well, I just how it's supposed to be.  You're supposed to wear a mask, whatever it is, right? Where did you get that belief? Who told you that? And does that person have your best interests at heart? Think about it. Think about all the things you truly believe, think where you learn it, and think of that person actually gives about you. Because the only thing you should be learning from is personal experience for people who genuinely care about you and love you. Most people are out here believing things and repeating things that were told to them by people who don't even like them. By their enemies, everyone's mind is fundamentally. All of it. Look at me. I'm a guy who decided to conquer social media. I blinked. I cured my brain. I used basic indifitigability. I used perspicacity. I used compenduousness. I used my mind. And I focused. And I conquered the world in a few short months. It's not difficult. There's just no competition because everybody's distracted. Conquest is all life's ever been for men. This is what men have an innate desire to conquest, to conquer. Even you. You care about having as many viewers as possible on your streams. You care about.  being as big as possible. You care about conquering. Why did the Romans wake up, make melt rocks, make swords, and walk in random directions that didn't have Google Maps, didn't have a clue where they were going. Random directions to find some other group of people and come up and take their shit. Why? Conquest. This is a conquer. Why did Genghis Khan write his ass from Mongolia all the way to Vienna? It's a long way. Why? Conquer. Men are born with this innate desire to conquer inside of us. They're trying to suppress it. They're trying to distract it away from you, tell you that you're wrong. You're toxicly masked and you shouldn't want to conquer. You should want to sit at home and be tolerant. Now you should, you should want to conquer shit. The only thing that's going to make you intrinsically happy is conquest. Nothing else. If you're depressed because you don't conquer shit, conquer something. Get up and do it. It doesn't have to be a negative at all. You can do it in a very, very positive way. You can have a positive impact on the world. I like to think that my, my impact on the world has been positive. I've conquered the whole internet and I've done it in a positive way. I'm helping the world. I think we're here to struggle and to learn. I don't think we're here to be happy. That's why I...  when we keep them back to the happy argument, I've always found that kind of frustrating and annoying. And someone goes, oh, but I want to be happy. Why? It's almost like once you understand what life is really about, there's no emotion which isn't enjoyable. The only emotional state which can be seen as detrimental is feeling nothing at all. But if you're sitting at home and you're feeling truly heartbroken, at least you're feeling something, right? And I think that's the whole part of being human. I don't, I think we're here to struggle. I think we're here to go through pain. That's so I wake up each day and go, what can I attack? What problem can I solve? And look at history, why did Ganga Skahn wake up and want to conquer the whole world? Why did Napoleon conquer the world? Why did Alexander the Great conquer? Just wake up and just say, give me this. Give me, I want all of it. I need to, there's an army there. They're really big. We're better. It's intrinsic. You need to go and conquer. That's the purpose of life. God created us to learn and understand ourselves and understand other people and understand the world. And what did I say earlier? I said that you don't learn a lesson where you don't appreciate the things. So that's without pain, without pain. So you have to struggle to learn anything. I think that a lot of people don't...  understand that it's all of the challenges and struggles that is going to make them, it's either going to make a break them. I read, I don't read study through often, I was sent to study about stress from somebody, this is probably the best study I ever read, and it is talked about the placebo effect of stress. And I said that they took some of the most stress people in the world, CEOs, etc. And the ones who believed that stress was really bad for them were dying earlier because of the cortisol inside of their blood, and they said stress would be bad from there out of heart, and the next one, but the ones who believed that stress was good for them and it made their perform, I perform under pressure stress is good for me, they were living longer. So the same drug inside of their blood, how they framed it inside of their mind, had different effects on their body. So from that point onwards, even though I already thought this way, I knew I was the right way, I knew it was the right way to think it ain't me, the sun got pretty good in life that way, but disconfirmed it. Every time I feel stress stronger under pressure, I get excited. I hate to not be stressed, I wake up and I'm like, everything's good. Yes, like that's just how I am, right? But it's how you adore it, it's how you look at the problems and how you use them to fuel you. So the question...  was what's the problem for the average man today was the biggest problem. I think there's a whole host of problems. What you have to do is frame it inside of your mind and understand that all of those problems are going to allow you to give you the fuel and the unlimited motivation that you need to become a successful and beautiful individual. If you frame it in the right way, if you take a man and give him a life shielded from problems that he never has any to face, I guarantee you he's terrible of being a man. The best men in the world have gone through shit. That's just that's why women love scars because they didn't kill you. That's the whole point of it, right? So the best thing you can do as a man is look and go, okay, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard. I feel negative because these are also difficult. I'm struggling with XYZ. Let me internalize all of that and turn into a superpower. Let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because like I said, the universe is absolutely not really giving and if you're truly hating being in a position you were in, you wouldn't be there. The fact that I believe each and every one of you is exactly where you deserve to be in life, where you belong or...  Which I'm worried where you want to be. So if you're not a millionaire and you're not happy with your life, guess what? You are where you deserve to be. And the reason I'm going to say that is as follows. This all I had about a bad luck this or I tried this or I can't pull off that blah blah blah. It's impossible to exist somewhere where you're not comfortable. If I were to say lay on these red hot stones and you tried to do it, you did up a move because it hurts. It's not comfortable. You have to get out of that position. Yet, if you look at your lives, your life is in a shape position. But you still, you don't move. You don't do anything about it. So if it was really truly uncomfortable to you, like those red hot stones were, you changed something. But the fact you refuse to change something shows that you're pretty comfortable where you are. Now, of course you can talk a good talk. All you'll sit there and go, oh, bye. No, my life's not an order. I want to be rich and I want to be in shape and I want and I want and I'm going on and I'm going on.  and then you know do anything, which shows that you know how to talk to talk but you can't walk the walk. When I was broke, I couldn't sleep. And I say that people laugh. I'm not joking. When I wanted money, like I needed air, I am smart enough to know that money equals freedom. And I don't want to live controlled by a job. I don't want to live controlled by a government. I don't need control by nobody. I want to be free. I want to be able to go on Twitter and say what I want and I worry about losing my job. I'm a little pussy. I needed money. And I used to sit there and just literally in my hand in my head and people that was wrong with you was like I need money. I want money today. I would have been one of them cats that robbed a bank. If I didn't find money, by the time I was 40, I would have walked into a shop and I'm not gonna live. Bro, get rich or die trying. I understand that. Complete. You sit there going, oh well yeah, I really want to be a millionaire. And then just go to sleep. I'm about to go to hell. You are not uncomfortable in your position.  Same thing with physical fitness. You're a fat. Oh yeah, I really need to lose weight. I know I'm going to lose weight. Why are you fat then? Getting fat does not happen slowly. I'm sorry, getting fat does not happen quickly. It's a slow process. You didn't know this. Across a year, everything looking to mirror your eyes are closed. You knew what was happening. And you were comfortable being fat. Because if you weren't comfortable, you would do something about it. I talked to people with their lives all up. I'm like, one more life, so I thought, I'm like, yeah, of course it is. Because you're happy if you're left with love. Even if you're not happy, even if you're uncomfortable. You're not uncomfortable enough to change it. If you were genuinely unhappy about your position, you would not be coming to me for motivation. If you were genuinely pissed off about your situation, you would not need me to motivate you. You would motivate yourself and you would do something to change it yourself, but you don't, which says along. So this whole motivational shit is garbage. All you are exactly where you belong. I'm where I belong. The top of the mountain. Lambo Bentley asked in 5 hrs 6.  million liquid cash and 20 girlfriends. This is where I belong because I refuse to say any words. Continue old Andrew, what would you tell yourself? I think Justin actually nailed it. He did. No, you nailed it. Do hard things. Name's a single attribute for masculinity which is going to come from a place other than trauma or pain. I talk about this all the time. People say I've had a traumatic life. I say, well then you're very, very fortunate. You had a traumatic life. Now you may have misused that trauma. You may have misplaced it. You may have accepted the matrix telling you that you now have an excuse to fail as opposed to using it to grow. But every single man of value went through trauma and they went through pain. It's going to be painful to get strong, painful to get rich, painful to become important. To be painful to become good with women, your hearts get broken a bunch of times. You have to be prepared for the pain. If you're not ready for pain, you're never going to be anything that matters. So Justin just absolutely not really nailed it. My kickboxing coach used to say to me, I used to come in the gym and say, what do you hate the most? I hate running. It's okay. You're going running. Say why it goes because whatever you hate is what you  What ever you hate is what you need. I want to spark bad work pads, no problem. Running, I didn't want to run, but that's what you need. And that's what life's about. You're not going to be able to go through life avoiding pain and also becoming a man of quality. You're going to have to be that guy who's been through so much shit that he can wake up and go, this ain't nothing. This ain't nothing compared to back then. This ain't nothing compared to that time. You know, and if you're not going to be that guy, then you're going to always suffer the consequences of not being that guy. There's pain to become important and there's pain in not being important. So you have to make a choice. So I think just an absolutely nailed it. I think his answer is even better than mine to be. You need to find something you're afraid of, find something that could hurt you and go do it. And that's one of the great things about being young, right? You're basically super human. So I'm talking, start listening, get out there, get her, get the back up. And there's a degree, there's also something I want you to comment on from the football perspective, but there's a degree of wisdom that comes from physical, physicality. I learned.  a whole bunch of shit about the world from just having my ass kicked. It wasn't even conversation. It was just getting beat up. And you learn about the world from a, I write tweets and we were like, that's so wise, where'd you learn that? I don't kick the thing. You see that? That's how I would say the number one thing that will tell me how successful a person will be, especially as a man, is their stress tolerance. Yes. You're not gonna have a big life without big problems. You're not gonna be important without four girlfriends, 22 cars, three businesses. Your phone ain't gonna stop. It's gonna be stressful, back sort of get frozen, money's gonna go missing. You're not gonna have a big life that's a calm ocean. You need to learn to just surf the waves and laugh. Because most people just collapse under the pressure. Stress tolerance is a massive indicator of how successful you're gonna be. And no matter what happens in my life now, I can sit there and go, well, at least I'm not about to get in the cage. You can't fuck me. And deal with that guy, you know? And you need to have at least I can eat. We've all been through stages where we can't eat.  So stress tolerance is something that can be learned. It's something that you can, you can, like you said, it's a muscle. It's a muscle. It's a muscle. When you're young, go out there and get stressed. Get upset. Have those sleepless nights. You should, at 17, 18, you should be panicking, right? And that's going to give you a stress tolerance level that allows you to grow into an adult, which can handle a big life. You're not going to have a big life. You're not going to be here like all four of us are, living the life like we're living, rolling around your open supercars with unlimited finance, and have that big life. I think that you're not going to have any kind of stress or problems to get there and maintain it. That's not real. Yeah, there's a very strange sense of terror that comes from knowing exactly what's going to happen to you. There's a strange sense of calm that comes from it also, but in the middle of the night, when you can't sleep, sometimes you feel happy knowing what they're trying to do to you, and sometimes you feel terrified knowing what they're trying to do to you all. I think I'm very happy every single podcast I did, previous to this, I hammered the point home, and I made it very clear that they had the intention of trying to put me in jail. I said, there's three lives. They try and cancel you and slander you and destroy your name. They don't just want...  You did disappear from the internet. They went to disappear from the internet and a cloud of shame. They have to shame you, which is why they chose to crimes. They did for me and that's why they usually choose to crimes they choose because it's heinous. They want to shame you and they want you to disappear with your head facing the ground and never pop up again. Obviously they attempted to cancel me. I became more famous than ever before. I even said to you on your podcast and I said on another podcast, I said, I think they made a mistake. I think when you have power and you overuse it, you what happens is a rebellion. That's how our revolution starts. When you have power, you have to be very, very careful with how you use that power. The second you overuse it, there's a revolution and we're in Romania so they know all about that. That's exactly what happens. And I said at the time, I think I was a mistake. I think they made a big mistake canceling me the way they did. And then the second time, the second life, which I described as they tried and put you in jail for no reason, here we are in the current scenario. I knew what was gonna happen and the third one is they put a bullet in your head. So we're gonna have to see how the second life plays out. And yeah, I mean, when this is all over and I win the court case, I get the knock-up.  I won't be smiling. I'll be walking out the courtroom with my head on a swivel. That's the kind of life I'm living now. I'm going to be thinking, Oh, okay, so they're second attempt failed. Now what? Do I want to fly private anymore? Do I want to go with that place anymore? You start to think about these things. Do I want to do these things? Law billionaires dying in plane crashes. It's strange. So it's scary regardless of how it plays out. And I guess you just have to go with the punches and see where it lands and go out as a plan for me and for all of us. And we're just going to see how it ends up. I want to make it very clear and I make it clear on absolutely every single podcast that would never kill myself. I don't care what they say. I don't care what video they show you. Never under a circumstance what I kill myself is hurrah. Never. I don't care if they put me in back in the dungeon solitary confinement by myself with the rest of my human years. I would never kill myself ever ever. So if that ever happens, God forbid, do not believe whatever garbage they tell you. The chance of me killing myself is precisely easier. They have to damage my influence. They have to damage my influence. They can't sit there and let me be influenced.  because I'm saying things that they don't like me saying. And there are people sitting around going, he's saying things counter to our message and counter to our area, get rid of it. And they have a pretty standardized playbook. And this is probably one of the first times in history with our playbook, just isn't working. Cancel it. Just still around. Oh, oh, lie about him in the news. Just say, he touches chicks. Well, no one believes it. Oh, all the comments are on his side. Everyone's calling us liars. Okay, then do it again. Then do it again. Make up a new girl. Then do it again. Find someone else. And they keep attacking me with the same weapons when the bullets are bouncing off. And that doesn't give me a sense of calm. That doesn't make me think, ha, ha, I'm invincible. It makes me think, oh, it makes me think, oh, because human life is cheap at the top. It's very cheap. It's interesting. Because sometimes I analyze myself and think, why don't I just do that? Why don't I just disappear? You know, I don't need money. Don't need fame. Why don't I just disappear? And then you have to, I'll say this to my brother. And he was like, well, Genghis Khan didn't need Vienna. Some people,  just wired that way. Vienna's a long way from Kathmandu. Sometimes that's just the way it is, or Ulan Batar, I apologize to Kapu of Mongolia. That's just the way some people are. If I see injustice and if I see things which I believe to be false, I feel like I am obligated to say the truth. I can't explain why even at my own detriment, what am I doing this for? It's to the detriment of my life. And I've had these conversations at length with the people close to me and we're all saying the same thing. It's always been the same way. Humanity's always been the same way. There's been a select, false, small, few good men up against evil. And evil always outnumber you. Evil always has more money than you. They always have more power and more influence than you. If you play any video game, when you get to the end boss, he always has more life than you. He always has more hit points. But you're the good guy. And it's kind of like it's never been any different at any point in human history. There's been the good guys up against the forces of evil, whatever they were of the time. And you've always been  Now, numbered and you've always been supposed to lose. Well, in some saying who, I will say, what I will start my thing is what they do. And what they do is they control information. And we now live in information society and by controlling information, they control how people think and act and react to things. So that's all they have to do. They have to control information and they have to be very selective with what they allow you to talk about and what they allow you to discuss and what they don't. And once they can do that, they can keep you bickering about garbage and they can control the sense of information and then they run the world. So having all the information controlled and having this hard barrier on what can be discussed, that's how they can report absolute fallacies. I think now it's been a couple of years we can probably talk about it. They sirep the world into believing they should be afraid of the common cold. They sirep the world into this. And if you think about how difficult that would be to do, how difficult it would be to sirep the entire population of earth. Well, what you do is you just lie on repeat and you don't allow anyone to say anything out or to it without hurting them the same way I've been hurt. And you just sirep it. It's actually amazing.  because now I use the exact same sign up on people. I love it. I love it. So when I sit with someone who's not Matrix Mind, when I sit with someone who is Matrix Mind, like when the BBC walked in here, I'm like, do you all have your vaccinations? Social distancing. Did you have 100% social distancing, please? And then look at me like, I'm crazy. Well, how am I crazy? Two years ago, you were telling me to do this. Now when I repeat your own worldview, do you, I'm crazy? Well, I'm crazy. Guess what, you're a liar, because you lied the whole time. So either you're a liar or I'm not. How could I be nuts? Put your mask on. If I ever talk to any of these clowns again, they're gonna be fully masked up. And I refuse. I don't care if you've had two booster jets. No, I want all six, all six injections. I want paperwork or gifts. Oh, you're not coming in the house. You're good about it. I'm scared of COVID. It's dangerous. I believe the mainstream media, I'm scared. This word you keep using, Siaf. I've never heard this. It's short for psychological operations. Correct. Break that down. What exactly is a Siaf? Yeah, a Siaf is the matrix as a whole. Does a Siaf...  Psychological, psychological operations are constant. They constantly decide how they want you to think and what they can do to make you believe that Right, there's a whole bunch of them they do But it starts with tolerance. That's what I don't like about this whole guys of tolerance It's not that I'm an intolerant person. It's not that I'm a bad person It's not that I want to hurt other people But when they keep pushing tolerance what they're trying to say is have no standards or barriers or parameters for anything That's what they want you have to be tolerant tolerant of what tolerant of having your shop set on fire tolerant of their kids being tall things You don't want tolerant of crime tolerant of your house Tolerant of what not allowed any hard barrier any hard parameters as a man anymore That's what they push tolerance. That's the beginning of it. That's the first stage once you accept absolute tolerance Well then it's the end isn't it? I'm tolerant of everything. I'll eat the bugs sure I'll tolerate everything. I'm tolerant sure So when I say things like I'm intolerant certain things and people think that's bad. No, you need to have standards and parameters And that's one of the reasons they also attack me. I say that men should be allowed to have standards and parameters in a relationship and in their life  We should be allowed to decide who we just want to marry and we should have standards for her. They have standards for us We should allow ourselves to have standards for her We should have standards in what we'll accept from a government and standards in what we'll accept from a police force We should have standards as men, but they're trying to erode all of that because once that's gone Then your brain is completely empty and then once your brain's empty They can just plug in the slave program and then then it's over right you're a tolerant person you're a tolerant person good You're a good slave slaves are exceptionally tolerant. They're they're good for different things man But they both have the same basic the same basic worldviews the same basic What's the word I'm looking for propaganda the same they're trying to hypnotize you in the same way right and it's all done on purpose I think we've discussed it before and we'll discuss it certainly a bit later But they're trying to destroy the masculine imperative to prevent revolution. So it's all kind of the same There's certain things I respect about each country But it was good to certainly at young age move around a bit as well. It allowed me to never ever really settle in a  school and make a bunch of good friends or anything like that. So I always understood even from a young age how to make people like me quickly and also how Unimportant the relationships from those people were right. I wasn't a kid who's like, oh, I'm gonna miss my best friend I was like, okay, you're my best friend two years piece. I'm out. I was like that. So that's probably another reason why me and my brother are so close. So yeah, it was a good Up bringing I can't have nothing bad to say about it. I was just raised by the OG my dad was a G big black chess master huge Drinking gambling pimping like he's just out here. He's just that guy, right? So he was like that to the end. So he was a hero. Yeah, so chess I mean obviously my father was a chess master, right? So I had to I had to learn the game He sat me down. I spent a lot of time learning it and to this day I have massive respect for chess So much respect for the game is so much harder at that world level than people can even fathom unless you even play the game You can't even anticipate how good these people are at the game. They're effectively computers I don't think you can even be good at chess at that level that having something a little bit wrong with you You got to be on the spectrum somewhere. Do you not make us it's crazy how good these guys are?  But yeah, chess is an amazing thing. I still play chess every day. I'm not world level already think. I'm around 17, 50, 1800, elo. If anyone knows chess, that's what I am. But yeah, it would be considered better than average. I definitely, certainly better than average. The average player, let's say, is around 1,000 or something. Okay. But my dad was 2,400. Okay. 2,500. Damn. So yeah, so I'll give you a, my dad could beat me without looking at the board. So my dad would be in the kitchen, around the kitchen, cooking dinner. I'd be in front of a chess board in the living room. And I'd say E4, he'd say C6. My F3, nice C3. Cut. And he'd smoke me without looking at the board. That's how good the best is in San A. But I do think it's a good basis for life. There's certainly a lot less in some chess. There's certainly a lot. You can attribute to chess from everyday life to the chess board. And I think it's a good, it's a good grounding mechanism. I enjoy to sit down for a good couple hours when some games do some games. Yeah, absolutely. So I'll give you my favorite one first. Please do.  My favorite one is the difference between the king and the queen, right? Because the king moves one square out of time, and the queen can just sit across the board. Right? So you're here in Miami, you're partying Miami. They've all these parties right now. It's art basil blah blah blah. You see all these chicks on a boat. For the man to get on that boat, it's one square out of time, right? He has to get a good job. He has to get his taxes, right? He has to find a way to leverage credit. He has to meet the guy who sells the boats. He has to go through all this shit stage by stage by stage to finally pull off being on that yaw and having that yaw at the age of 56. A chick, what does she need? Lip fillers. Boom. Zip on. She gets straight on. That's the difference between the king and the queen. But, although the king is slower than the queen, he's the most important piece, right? The king can't die. The queen can die. The queen, sometimes you can be looking at a position and go, this is not the only way out of this, it's to sacrifice that bitch. Sometimes you can do it. I'll tell you, I'll tell you a very quick story. This is a story I've never told before. When I was, how old was I? 23? What?  I was 23, I was dating a ballerina. She was the prima ballerina of the Cambridge Ballet School in England. And I had no money. I was a fighter, but I was coming up. I didn't really have any money. And she lived far away like an hour and a half away, but she used to come see me and we were good for like a year, year and a half. I loved this girl. Yeah. And she finished ballet school. She started dancing in clubs in London. She couldn't get any ballet works to fight surprise, who was ballet work, right? So she ended up doing like dancing and not stripping, but like dancing in the club, you know, dinner. So now she's around all the London money every day. She's out dancing all the time. She's late every night. She doesn't want to drive an hour and a half to come see me. None of this shit. So we're kind of falling apart a little bit. And she ended up talking to someone famous, David Hay. I don't know who he is, he's a boxer. So David Hay starts texting this bitch, right? Back and forth to the... So anyway, when I finally saw her again, she was like, we had an argument. She's like, well, you know what? You think you're a fighter? This guy, that guy, this guy, that guy. I'm like, look, if you're gonna go off idiots, at least do it for money. And she's like, what do you mean? I was like, well, if you're gonna go off idiots, at least do it for pain. Cause I don't give a fuck about you.  Like if you're gonna play this game, at least do it for money. So I had this argument with her back and forth and I explained to her that these men are just gonna use you and they're gonna do it, at least get paid. And when she left the house, Tristan said, why are you telling her to do it? And I'm like, no, I'm just understanding that in my chest position, I've lost this game. The game is done now. Just sooner or later, she's out. All we do is argue, she's in the club every night. I'm just trying to say, before she leaves, maybe I can get a little bit of money. Yeah. Just the queen's sacrifice, right? Right, right. Should we, we broke up three months later? I don't know if she's ever not or who she's, I don't know, I never spoke to her since. But that's kind of the analogy you have to be able to apply to life. Sometimes chicks gotta go. Sometimes they have to go to save the king. And too many dudes, most of the time men truly lose it life is cause they've attached themselves to a queen and they won't matter up. They won't sacrifice her. No, no matter what, I promised I'm gonna stick by you. This is our marriage vows, no matter what, no matter what. And they just stay on that synch and shift until she eventually leaves his ass. Even worse, what most queens do, Queens, I don't wanna use Queens. What most women do nowadays, spashtino.  West. I see women getting their men in trouble all the time. You know how many times I've seen chicks start and fights for their dude to have them all pop. My man's gonna be there. And the man's like, oh, shut up. Yes. There's four of them. Yeah. I mean, like even to be the big dude, he's like, I don't really need this now today. You know what I'm saying? Man, another story. I have so many stories in my life. My life has been cool. Back around the same time, I'm 22, 23 years old. Kickboxer, I was British champion. It wasn't World Champion at the time. It was four in the morning. Club just ended. I was in a chicken and chip shops in English. They sell like fries and fried chicken in, you know, 24 hours. Like, yeah, something like that. And there's a long line. I, an Audi, a window's pulls up. These three big black guys get out, push it straight in front of the whole line, go straight up to the front, cut in front of five people and start ordering. My girl goes to me. We've been waiting here. I said, shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. She was just gonna let the push in. I said shut the fuck up. So I made her require right? Anyway, the man to, to, to, in front of me, not this guy, the guy here, he couldn't tell this bitch she shut up. She's excuse me. Excuse me. There's a  And the guy turns on and goes you think I don't see the line on care about mine. So she starts running her mouth bro This dude knocked her the out Black clean out cold by the time her man looked at her and looked back up boom spark done Whoa both of them and I stood there and watched both of them just laid out clean that fatalities, bro It was I wouldn't be surprised they both have permanent damage. It was bad The three dudes ordered the chicken and chips didn't even take their food They start laughing walk back out on the car and I turn around and sit to my girl You see some people are just ready to go to jail some people are ready to kill people over nothing You want me to fight? Oh, yeah, I can fight what am I fighting these three dudes for what fries? Yeah, what fries an A ten minute delay man, and this one bitches will get you into this shit Yeah, bitches will get you into this shit fast and that's why when I see dude saying oh, yeah She's just my friend you're hanging around with girls and they're not even giving you pussy and they might get your ass killed What's wrong with you man girls are a liability their a liability to have round you because you would do you to protect them in some regard I create my experience  very, very carefully. Any woman I'm around, I understand how to protect. So she better suck something. Climb sitting around, be in front of no bitch. Because I've seen it. I've seen it. I've seen so many men have their ass kicked over chicks. It's incredible. 100% man. They're liability. And it's not necessarily just completely their fault. But if you're rolling with a chick who won't shut up and you tell her to shut up, you need to be careful, man. And Miron nailed it. There's a big difference between fighting and violence. Like I'm a professional fighter, right? I know how to fight. But fighting and violence are different things. If I wanted to get violent on somebody, I'd just run them over. Like that's to forget fighting, right? If someone, if somebody who hurt my family was on the sidewalk, I'm not going to get out and fight the guy. I'm just going to run him over my truck. We'll talk about violence. Because if you rely on the government for food stamps, and you can't argue with the government, can you? So that's what they want. So it would have believed in the matrix and believed in media. I'm believed in the lies they're told. And it would have sits there and goes, that's true. That it's literally designed to make you broke. That's why it's all a scam. To do the GCSEs, to your A levels, get in debt, go to...  Get out, get a shit job, get a mortgage. Don't worry, when you pay that mortgage off when you're 61, then you'll have enough money to go to Spain for holiday. Then your pension comes, oh, government doesn't have the pension money anymore, funny enough, hedge funds stole it. Oops, tooops. And then you wake up one day and go, whoa, I just got, so the whole scam, the whole story is a lie. Because they want you broke. They don't want you rich. If you're rich, you won't listen to them. So all of it to lie. And intrinsically, we all know this, right? When I pull up in one of my 30 cars to a gas station and people look at me and they see a Lambo or Ferrari or Bugatti or a Kernins egg, whatever I'm driving, nobody goes, wow, he went to school. No, they think drug dealer gangster. They think he broke the rules because anyone who follows the rules doesn't get shit. It's all a scam, it's all a fucking lie. So the slave mines are, but those are the only ones who are too stupid to make money. Anybody who understands that the matrix is lying to them is smart enough. So very few.  very small percentage or two stupid. Inside of our school, at the height of it, before the matrix attack, we're relaunching now at 175,000 students. Well, we had 175,000 students. Maybe 2,000, you kicked out, would be two stupid. It's step by step. Do this, do that, do this, and don't be lazy. Well, that art, right? So stupid is not the problem. So we have people who are lazy, very few are stupid, but the majority, the main reason most people are broke is because they are arrogant. I will sit here and say all the things I've said. I will do this, take time out of my life for free. Somebody at home will watch and digest it for free. They will agree with the things that are being said or at least be entertained enough to continue to watch. And then I'll say, I'll teach you how to make money online, corporatetake.com, you can join the real world. And they'll sit there and go, yeah, I'll do it myself. They're arrogant. They have these egos from those where, because they didn't earn it. And they're just too arrogant to listen to anybody. I became world champion by listening to...  my coach. I didn't become world champion by walking in saying I'll do it myself. I thought how you get anywhere in life. You have to listen. If it might tie some wood a walking or if Elon Musk would walk in here and talk to me about money, I wouldn't be sitting there going, I could do that. I'd be like, oh, Mr. Elon, Richard's man in the world, hello, very nice to meet you. Please, even though I already understand I don't want to want to carve my hand or put rockets in space, please you must know some things I don't know. How do you deal with the currency fluctuations? Does inflation impact how much it costs you to send a rocket into space? I'd ask him something that's useful, right? But some people are so brutally arrogant that they'll sit here and they'll listen to all the things I said. I know a green diamond television, I know a green or a mass media successful, they'll go, yeah, but you know what? I'll do it myself. I don't want to join that school because, you know, I'll do it myself. They're arrogant. Everybody's arrogant. I sit with people who I used to go to school with from Luton who were still broke and tell them how to make money. And you know what they do? They answer back. Yeah, but you know it's not that simple because you know the wife gets to kid. You know what? And I don't want to do things that way. The way I like to work. The way you like to work.  is why you're broke. What the hell are you talking about? You just sat your waist in 10 minutes of my time. I told you how to take your business of painting and decorating or whatever you're doing and make a serious amount of money and now you're telling me the way you like to work, then stay broke. If you want me to do, what level of arrogance? But this is people. They'll sit with a multi-millionaire and tell you their view. I think that the, no one you're outqualified and accept it and learn. So we all do. I'm not gonna get, I can't play piano for shit. The piano teacher walked in here and said, this is what you're doing. I said, well, I like to move my hands this way. I'm gonna dumbass. But this is the arrogance people operate under. So I'd say 20% of people are lazy, 20 to 25%. A large portion of the world are not lazy. They're actually working exceptionally hard but they're doing the wrong thing. 5% of people are too stupid. So say 25% 5% is 30%. But 70% of people are brutally arrogant and this is why they are more. That's the truth. Good question.  I've talked about this already. It was an unorthodox strategy. I've talked about it at length, so I won't give the whole story because it's too long. But I identified a gap. I identified a market. I approached the scenario in the situation extremely professionally, and I worked exceptionally hard. I remember first million dollars. So I, what, my first millions came from owning a web cams to do. So I saw a little advertisement in the corner of a web page, saying, talk to the live girls now. I never been a porn guy. I'm not interested in that shit. But I was like, that's interesting. I know some girls who need some money. Boom boom boom. I put together this apparatus, extremely professional. No sexual misconduct, no gambles, irion, no presums, nothing. Very professional. Very professional outfit. And I used all my business knowledge, all my life knowledge, and I applied it. I worked 22 hour days out. I got to the point where I was so tired, so tired. So you know what? Give me a...  20 minutes. If I could hear the alarm go off, I get up. Sometimes I just let clean the way in. I slept an hour or two. For months and months and months and I built an empire. I built an insanely large empire at one point. I'm completely out of that business now. But how did I do? As in, did you sell it? I didn't sell it. I just closed it all down. I moved on. I started making a bunch of money and I found other opportunities. But how did I get that opportunity? First of all, first of all, first of all, I said pay attention. I paid attention. I lifted the girl. Give me the coffee shop example. This is what I did. I clicked on that advert. I saw the girl sitting there miserable waiting for a customer. I thought nobody's gonna buy a good happy. Do you need these men are the men who are paying her are trying to escape an unhappy life or they wouldn't be doing this shit. So when I got my girls online, smile. Happy girls get paid. That was the token. That was the slogan. Happy girls get rich. Choking. Who's gonna pay? You're gonna pay the girls like yeah, yeah, yeah, having a blast. So I paid attention to the competition. I saw an opportunity in the H's. I had to coffee shop. So all the things they did wrong.  messy, camera quality and shit, there's the basic stuff, the way the girl acted and interacted, all that stuff. And I applied it all by paying attention, accountless hours watching everybody else, finding the way to do it better, so I put the coffee shop and I did it better. So I was absolutely perspicacious and that's how you make money and I did it with that, but I could have done it with anything and now I do it with everything. The story of me sending a text message via my network and having a coffee shop is a true story. I have never, I don't think I've even, I've been in there maybe twice, I don't even go. And I have mechanisms in place to make sure I'm not robbed too badly because unfortunately a little bit of cash goes missing. But everything's in place and it makes me money, I don't think I'll even drunk my own coffee. So I identified, I put together a list, it needs to be like this, like this, like this, like this, like this, I have competent people who work for me, which is very hard to find, but I do. They understand to follow the doctrine, to the doctrine, and I'm getting money into a bank account. That's it. You can do that with literally anything if you have a strong network and you pay attention. You do anything.  Even podcasts, we're doing a podcast right now. You guys are already big and successful at this. I'm telling you, you can look at the biggest podcast in the world, and still see what they're doing right with the doing wrong. Just a game, that's the game. And then you have to alchope everybody else. So you made a very interesting point there. You just said on the face of it, it appeared to be blatantly misogynistic. I understand that on the face of some of the long format content I've made, if you're gonna take a few seconds out of hours, chop it up, put it all over social media, accompany with my massive fame, that things can absolutely not only be taken out of context, I do not hate women in any regard. I have no negative relationship with women. No women have come forward saying, I've hurt them, I've no criminal record for hurting women. There's no way I can be seen as the face or the devil in regards to how men treat women on the planet. I'm absolutely not really the opposite. I believe in protecting and providing. I've been misunderstood. There's been large contingents of people who have tried very hard to purport lives about me. And with the truth of the matter is, I've been producing content for a very long time. Hours and hours of videos have been cut down to two or three seconds of clip.  those clips have gone viral and people misunderstand me. Yeah, so the point I was making was obviously the height of me to scandal and also if we look at Amber Heard and Johnny Depp, there's been a lot of high profile cases where men have been accused of things they did not do without evidence that their lives have been completely unoutlawed. Right. When I say these things, people sit and say that, oh, he hates women. I don't hate women. I think rape is disgusting. I would take a stronger stance on rape than the British government. I think these people should face a death penalty. But to sit and say that women without evidence can go for and just make up accusations against men, even though they've been repeatedly proven to destroy men's lives, it will. I'm completely, I'm not going to sit here as a professional and say that I can't be taken out of context. What I will say is that one small sentence you've taken was from a one-hour video where I explained that, of course, rape is disgusting. Of course, everybody should be punished for their crimes or grudges when they happen. But people are not perfect, male and female. And if you give women the opportunity to destroy men's lives without evidence, there's going to be a contingent of women who will do that. I'm trying to make a balanced and nuanced argument in a world where people have no intentions, that are going to take a few seconds, put it online, decide someone's good or bad, not be interested in the longer format video.  And here I am, no, I'm certainly a person who takes personal responsibility, that's who I am as a person. But we live in a world now with TikTok videos five or six seconds long, there's no content. Because I made a religious point. I said that when a man marries a woman, the woman's father walks him down the aisle. Walks her down the aisle and hands her away to the man traditionally, this is what it says in the Bible. I'm a religious person, I believe in God, I live in the Bible. I think my sister is my her husband's property, yes. When a bride is walking down the aisle to marry the groom, the father walks next to her and gives her away, true or false. I'd perhaps the way that the reason I'm asked that question repeatedly and I'm asked in a loaded way. So would you rephrase what you said there? Now what, that's a good interesting point about phrasing. The way I would say things before I was famous, I have to take personal responsibility and accept that if I make a video that 500 people see and 1% of the misunderstand it, that's not a problem. If I make a video that I feel like a million people see and 1% repeat their 100%. So specifically on that point, I think my sister is a husband's property. She took his last name, she married him.  She wanted to join his family. She has seen herself. Right, so she, she's still a sovereign individual. Listen, my friend, if we want to argue about this, you need to go back to the Bible to the Quran. You need to argue with religiously. No, no, no, no, no. I'm all right. I'm talking about anything in the Bible of Quran. That's what it says. I'm asking you what you think. I think that if a woman marries a man, and she decides to take his last name, that they have different roles and responsibilities within that marriage, and I believe that. That's not the question. She's hand, I believe that. Father, I'm the father hands her. No, behave like a politician. The father hands her to the man. Right, but don't be a politician. I think you're a straight talker, right? You keep telling me you're a straight talker. I think my sister is her husband's property. Do you regret saying it like that? I understand that with my newfound fame, perhaps it could be phrase differently. However, I still believe that a woman is given to the man in marriage. That's what I believe. But that's the way the people ask me the question. People say to me, they ask the question. Oh, right. You can't blame people for asking you questions. Surely, if you want to be accountable for what you've said, you've got to own your responses. Not the quick, don't blame the question. I own the response, I believe. You let me ask you a question now, and you say something, and then say, well, I shall blame you for asking. I understand, Pierce. I understand. I believe the woman.  is given to the man. I believe she's given away by the father. I believe she belongs to the man. So you do belongs to the man? To fundamentally, right. So fundamentally, you do believe that a woman becomes a man's property. I believe she belongs to the man in marriage, correct? Right. Then let me make it very, very clear to the camera. I believe a woman is given to the man in marriage. I believe that. I also believe a man has a duty to protect and provide for her. I believe a man should lay down his life if something happens or his wife's life is threatened. I believe that when women and children first are on the light boat, lifeboats, I believe that man doesn't own a woman. It's not, no, it's, I don't say literally by them is a slave. Well, obviously we're not talking about that. We're talking about religious biblical marriage. We're talking about something else. I understand that very well, Pierce, which is why people think you're a messenger. Completely. I understand all of this very well, which is why when you're saying I was backtracking, I'm not. I'm giving you a grip, though, over the way you phrased this stuff. Well, this is the point I was trying to make. The point I'm trying to make is when I was not nearly as famous and I was making long format content, I was not sitting there anticipating I'd become the most Google man the planet and there are few seconds can be taken out context. That was not my anticipation. No, but it's still what you believe.  what you believe now is a lot of difference. It's not about, you're asking me, you're saying that young people were in love. You said to me, look, look, it's honestly about time to think about this, and I wish I hadn't said it, I don't believe that. That's one thing. Actually, you said the opposite. You said, actually, that's what I think, yeah. I think that when a, so it doesn't really matter whether you record it when you're famous or not famous, it's what you actually believe, right? I believe that a man has a duty to protect and provide for a woman. I believe that a woman's father gives her a way to the man. That's what I believe, and that's in my marriage, that's the circumstance I'm going to live under. If people want to live in a different scenario, that's completely theirs, they're prerogative. You went on to say about authority over women. If I have a responsibility over, I must have a degree of authority. For the same reason, if I have a responsibility over and people are going to use their mind, it's an example and an energy responsibility over a child. I have to have some authority. So you believe as part of your ownership or your property of the woman, you have authority over her. No, I believe, if you have a authority, you said. I believe you've got a responsibility over something, you have to have a degree of authority, you can't be responsible.  But authority means, again, that you're the boss. The point I'm making, if you'll please let me finish, at this point. The point I was trying to make was talking about the safety of a woman. She was walking alone at night, and I was saying, well, I wouldn't let my woman walk alone at night. And I said, well, you're not in charge of her. You don't get to decide what she does. I say I understand, but if I'm responsible for her safety, and I'm the person who's burdened with making sure she is safe, I have to have the authority to say, don't put yourself in unsafe situations. The two things are linked. Well, you know, you're an authority. You have the, you can absolutely have the right to say to the woman you're with. I don't think you should. But ultimately, if she decides, then I can't force her. Right, so authority implies that you have the ability to control some of them. No, authority believes, the authority implies that I have the moral right to sit and say that that's a new responsible thing to do, and I'm responsible for it. That's not what authority means. Well, I'm not going to, if you think I'm going to lock somebody up in their room, if that's, is that what you're implying? I don't think you know what authority means. I know what it means. I'm saying that if I have a different description of what authority means. If I have responsibility for her safety, then I have to have the authority to tell not to do unsafe things. Authority means that you have some form of control over.  this woman. I think you're trying to what you're trying to do. I'm only trying to get to what you think. Honestly, I come with no agenda here at all. I understand. And I'm explaining very, very clearly. If I have responsibility, I've said subject, I have to have authority over it. So let me say you have children, right? Right. You have responsibility for that. No, I have legal authority over my children. That is very different having legal authority over my wife or my female partner. Completely, but the point I'm trying to make. So you accept that? I accept that you used the analogy of responsibility for a child. My friend, these are very, these are actually really important things. You're important things, but you introduce, you interrupt me every five seconds. So it's hard for me to actually explain my point. The point I'm making here is very simple. You have children and you're responsible for their safety. So you're going to have authority to say don't go out at night, perhaps because you want them to be safe. I have legal authority. You have a legal authority. Yeah. Legal authority. I'm saying that if I had a woman and the question where you've raised this sound bite from, I was asked about protecting a woman, making sure she's safe. And I would say I wouldn't want her to go out at night on her own, because I'm responsible for her safety. And some say,  and said, well, you don't have authority over it to do that. And I said, well, no, I can't force her to stay inside. But if she were to ask me, how do I protect myself at night, I would say, well, you should stay inside. That's how you should do it. I don't have an issue with what you say. So we agree. Don't know. It's the semantics. No, it's not semantics. And this is where I don't think you quite get why there's a fury of what you say with respect. Because the semantics point would be, we're saying the same thing in different ways. But we're not. I'm saying to you, do you say I have to have some authority over a woman, I say to you, you have no right to any authority over a woman. You do over a child, a visual child, because you are the legal appointed guardian of that child. Understood. You're not a legally appointed guardian or authority over your wife or female. Legally appointed, absolutely not. I agree. However, when it comes to things like personal response or your personal safety, men, largely by society, are accepted. We're the protectors and providers. We can sit here and pretend in the world we live in if me and my wife were walking down the street and men were to come up and try and attack us, I wouldn't be the one fighting. But we both know in reality, I would. I have a degree of. I have a degree of.  responsibility to protect her. So if I have a degree of responsibility to protect her physically, then the point I'm trying to make is, I will do my best to make sure she's never putting herself in unsolved situations. You wish you hadn't used the word authority. The authority is something that she would give to me. She would come to me and say, how can I make sure I'm responsible? But I don't want to interrupt you. I just want to point out that's not what authority means. If someone gives, you can, a person can give me a word. Volunteer authority is not authority. No, but that's the point. It's all... Pierce, if you... Andrew, so... Pierce, if a woman comes to me and says, I want you to keep me safe, she is handing me authority for her safe. Completely, I never said that. One is consensual and one isn't. But why are we pretending I do unconcentual things? Because you literally say, I must have a degree of authority. I have to have some authority. And the point is... Only if I'm responsible for her safety. If I'm not responsible for her safety, I have authority. If your position now is that with her permission, I would like to have authority when we go out at night to protect her. That's a different way. That was always my position. But that's not what you said. But that was always my position. So, again, I simply say to you...  What do you wish you'd phrase it a different way? No, because we're talking about long format copy where I'm talking about a woman who has come to me and said, you're responsible for making sure I'm safe. I said, well, then I have to make the decisions. But an 18-year-old boy reads, I must have some authority over a woman. What do you think he thinks? Well, I understand that, and I said this earlier, when you tried to sell his backtracking, which I'm not doing. No, no, I said, I don't want to. Okay, I'm not trying to gochee. Cool. I'm trying to work out exactly what you think. I understand with massive fame, comes massive responsibility. I understand that percentage of the population always going to take everything that's said by anybody out of context. Would you change the wording of what you said? No, I would just encourage people to watch my long format copy and understand it. Would you tell an 18-year-old boy you don't have authority over women? Absolutely. Unless a woman comes to him and says, you're responsible for my safety, please make sure keep me safe. Like I would. Now, that and you take, I can sign up to it. Well, then we agree. Yeah, but I don't agree with what you said before. Because you're taking a sound bite from a two-hour-long time. Yeah, but you haven't been taking out a context because I've read you the entire sentence. You've ignored all the context around the sentence.  in my brain. You can't ignore a sentence that says, I must have a degreeable authority. But you can when there's a two hour conversation where a woman is telling me if she makes me responsible for her safety and me explaining, well, if I'm responsible for your safety, I have the authority to make decisions. Do you think the Lord or the contact? Do you respect women? Absolutely. Why wouldn't I? Do you think that 18, 19-year-old woman are more attractive than 25 year-old women? I think there's attractive people. That's a loaded question. I don't know. What's not really, is it? I can't say. You know why I'm asking you. Of course I do. Even if it's a view as you've done, you said this. In general, this is also one of the reasons men find youth attractive. You want to block the internet? I'll block the internet right f-ing now. The reason 18 and 19-year-olds are more attractive than 25-year-olds is because they've been through less dick. People say, oh, you can't say that, but yes, I can. And 19-year-olds are more attractive than 26-year-old woman, and I'll tell you why. Because that 26-year-old has talked to more guys, been to the club more times, been laughed and dumped more times, more arguments, more mess, more for me to clean up.  That is misogyny. Why? Because you are encouraging a mindset about 25-year-old women that makes them sound out to be infinitely less desirable than 18-19-year-olds and having effectively been having too much sex to be taken in a more respectful way. Well, firstly, even if that was the case, that wouldn't be misogyny. Well, what did you mean by what you said? That's not misogyny because it's not anti-women. I'm saying that an 18 or a 19-year-old woman will be more desirable. Pretty anti-25-year-old woman. Anti-25 or women we can argue, but not misogyny. Well, that's misogyny. No, no, no, it's not. Being anti-any woman at all is misogyny. Not when I'm saying that women are beautiful and attractive at certain age and saying they're ageing. You're saying 18 or more attractive than 25? Well, then age-ist perhaps, but misogynistic absence. Is that when it was misogyny? No, I didn't. You said it was more misogyny. I'm telling you, no, it's not. So you don't think if you're saying slightly hateful things about if 25-year-old women are... That's not slightly hateful. Well, it is. You say that to a woman's face if she's 25? It's not slightly hateful. When you would go up to 25 or a woman, I'd tell her again.  Exactly what I just read. Why would I walk up to a random 25-year-old woman? Because you said it in public on the internet, and it's been listened to and watched by millions and millions of young, impressionable people. There was a large panel, there was a conversation, there was hours longs of conversation, there were feminists attacking men for toxic masculinity and attacking me and saying things, and I said things back, which were gonna attack me. But I think, I'm, I, So which you've done yourself a bunch of times. I think a lot of allegations of toxic masculinity are not toxic. Correct. I think that kind of sentence, I just read out that paragraph, is actual toxic. If you genuinely mean that, and you say you wouldn't say it to a woman's face, but you said it in public about women of that age, I do think that's misogynist, and I think you probably do too. I don't think it's misogynistic, I understand why it can be insulting. You wouldn't say it to a woman's face. I, it depends, you make an outlook on walking around the street going up to random 25. What if I do, you're doing it to tens of millions of people online? Is there a difference? Not at all. Discussing a topic, we were discussing the ideal age of a man.  should make young boys right in their teens. Are you comfortable that they would have that mindset? Be honest. I think that young boys in their teens lack life experience. They lack nuance, and they need to be very, very careful what they're digesting online, whether it's my content or anybody else's, who protect and provide for the people close to them. Are fantastic for the economy. And I'm not, I'm certainly not the worst influence out here appears. You have little nas, twerking on the devil, on music videos, which are children are digesting. You have, Drillar is singing about stabbing people to death in the middle of a knife crime epidemic. You have the rabid psychopaths on the right or the left, announcing violence on the other side. You have all these insanities in the world. And because I sit here and say, I, yeah, perhaps, now you've laid out and it offended you, I understand. I'm instead offended. Okay, cool. I just read you the thing. You read things that you said they could be offensive and some people are offended. Well, some people definitely will offend. Absolutely. That's fine. And honestly, I think some of the things you said were genuinely...  offensive and misogyn. Okay, so they offended you. Like I said earlier. So they offended you. You know what you're saying? I said they offended you and you interrupted me and I just saying they offended you. Which is fine. But the point I'm trying to make is this, I'm not the devil. There are certainly worse people than me. I don't disagree with that. And I'm saying that my core tenets that the people who don't understand me are self accountability, it's not an accountable for everything I've ever said. My core tenets are responsibility, so I'm responsible for everything I've said. My core tenets are traditional masculinity to a degree, which involves protecting and providing for women. And I'll make another point. Another point here that's very, very, that's very, that needs to be said. The number of women who have stood up and stuck up for me is ignored. Thousands of women are making videos saying, I've met Andrew Tate in such a nice guy. I wish I had a man that can't to take who felt responsible to protect and provide for me. You know what? I do belong to my husband. That's why I married him and I love him. We ignore the thousands of women who stood up and stood by me and said everything I said is true. And we're taking a very vocal minority who have taken things like said and are pretending to be...  absolutely not only devastated by the blood of the family. That's the first thing. Yes, it is nothing to do with me. The fact that a 14-year-old girl took her life is truly sad. The world we live in today is, the world we live in, the fact that something like that happened is almost mind-blowing to me. That's truly sad. I actually feel sad inside to see something like that. This fact that... And I became world champion for the first time. Who was out for you? It was good, but you know, I don't ever feel like I'm satisfied. I never won the World Time, but yes, I'm the champ now. It's just like, okay, next, next, next. I was kind of always like that. I always had these aspirations. I've always kind of felt, without sound like a crazy conspiracy theorist, even now to this day, I feel. Maybe correct me, you're a smart man. So maybe this will make sense to you. Do you ever look around you and just look at the world and feel like, kind of like we're in the Matrix? Like, there's something missing. Do you know what I mean? Susty-Field and your gut? Yeah, something isn't right here. Like, everything just seems so superficial, and I don't know. I was always looking for this secret. I was always looking for, I wouldn't say happiness or contentment, but I was always gl-  looking to try and break out of the nine to five, just a normal monotomy of day to day life. And for a long time, I thought fighting was my way out. I don't know what I was trying to get to, I don't know where it was gonna lead, but when I just look at the normal life a lot of people live, that is absolutely depressing too. I couldn't imagine doing it. I'm not shitting on the normal guy. I'm saying you're a stronger man than me. Because if I was a normal dude working in Starbucks, bro, I couldn't do that. I couldn't do that day to day. I literally could not do that. And I thought fighting will make sure I never have to do that, if that makes sense. Did you ever think this sense of completion? Were you one in middle titles or were you still unsatisfied? There's always someone new to beat up, right? And then even then, I'm dedicating all my time to fighting, which is actually the reason I retired. I retired for four years. I came back last year and I fought three times. But I actually retired because one day I woke up and I looked at my life and I thought, I'm giving seven hours a day to fighting. If I were to put seven hours a day into something else, what else could I achieve?  Because I had a little bit of money from fighting but I wasn't bawling. I wasn't rich rich And I thought what's the point being the world champion if I can't buy lambos on the debit card, right? What's the point? So that thought well, I want to be rich now So that's that's actually the reason I retired so I was always chasing other things and then now I've got money I want to fight again. I'm never happy, bro This is how it goes right you're always chasing something else, but I do feel like to a degree I have at least partially Escaped the matrix I used to be talking about I kind of feel like I've started to escape and corona as much as it's Been a headache for everybody has helped me realize how fortunate I am in my position to when everyone else is locked down I can just get on a private jet and go where I walk right so that it's kind of cool when they go There's no flights. I'm like not for you It's flight for me, bro. So it's it's kind of I have I felt like I've semi-escaped so I've I've kind of Yes, let's talk about the webcam business. Yes, so that that's the story So for anyone watching this who doesn't know my story. I'm fighting. I became four-time world champion I was 28 when I won my  fourth world title and one day I woke up and I literally just woke up I looked at my bank I like I mean I just want a world title fight but I hadn't fought in six months by to my pay to my back ran and paid my car payments all that I looked at my bank I like three grand four grand in there and I'm like I'm giving up my entire life and I don't even know I'm gonna live I need to get rich I want to get rich so I said to my coach look I'm gonna take a couple months off and I'm gonna focus purely on money and the story is and this is a completely true story I'm sitting with my brother and I'm like how can we get rich you know what's amazing lots of now I have money lots of people always ask me how do I get rich and I say once the last time you talked about money once the last time you sat down with your friends and refused to talk about anything else but how to make money how are you making money how are you making money how am I making money how can we make money together how is that guy making money how's that coffee shop there making money is that coffee shop making money I don't know do they sell cake no why don't they sell cake everyone in here's a businessman if they had a cute young waitress a girl instead of a  a guy, they'd probably sell more coffee. Like, no one analyzes anything. They just wanna get rich, right? I wanna be rich, but they have no plan to get rich. And I hope in a plan are very different things. I explain this to people all the time. Everyone has a dream, but no one has a plan. And nothing good is gonna happen on accident, right? I didn't become world champion on accident. I didn't wake up and someone go, how'd you become world champion? And I went, oops, you have to plan for it. So I said to Tristan, we need to discuss money, we need to plan this and we need to work out a way we can get rich. And that's when I started analyzing and understanding banks and the credit system and the money system, how the world actually works. And then I got really pissed off because I realized that money isn't real and it's all a scam. And the banks are destroying us in real time with inflation. And I still don't have any. So I was really mad. And I'm writing down, I was watching some YouTube videos like financial advice and we're talking about assets, liabilities, et cetera. And I'm writing down all my assets. And I'm trying to work out what I have that's.  worth money. And the only thing I ripped down because I had a car, but what's that worth nothing? I'm big and strong, but I'm already fighting. I can't think of anything else to do with that. The only thing I had was because I've been fighting all around the world. I had these six girlfriends, right? Because you'd win the world title. You've a ring girl. She falls in love with you. You're the big millionaire. London, of course. She thinks she'd live in the balling life. You're in some tiny, tiny apartment with a door lock. So I had these girlfriends and I thought, well, I can't open a strip club. It costs money to open a strip club. And I'm kind of racking my brain and by absolute coincidence, I'm going around the internet. I saw in the corner talk to live girls now. And I'd never in my life, like, I was never a porn guy. I've never been watching porn or clicking on these things. And I said, talk to live girls. So I clicked on it and there's some chick there on a computer and I was like, my girls can do that. So that was the very beginning. That was the Eureka moment. I walked into my brother's bedroom and I said, we're going to start a webcam company. Yeah. So, and this is the thing that's interesting about it. Because when people hear this story and they say, like,  like a pimpy, etc. People imagine me to be this exploitive, horrible evil man, which is absolutely and utterly the complete opposite. I'm not trying to convince the internet I want nice sky, right? Because I don't give a shit. I'm just telling the truth. So the beginning of it was I messaged my six girlfriends and told them they're all coming to live with me and I had a job for them in London. Two of them wouldn't come, four of them agreed. And I was like, we're gonna make money, I'm gonna want to buy a bunch of money, you're gonna live with me, blah, blah, blah, we're gonna live the dream. Right now I'm in between apartment, so I'm in this shitty apartment, you know, because kickboxing is not boxing, bro, you're not making millions like the boxers are. So the four girls flew in, I sat them all down at a table, they're all like, who's this chick, who's this chick, told them all the truth. I just straight sat there, just sat there and said, listen, I've been with you all, I'm starting a webcam business, I'm gonna get rich, some of you are gonna come with me to the top of the mountain or if you pissed off, you can fly home. Just very matter of fact to the point, because I needed money at this point, now I have not agreed to take another fight, I need money now. So two of them left, two of them agreed to stay. In the beginning of my cam empire was this tiny little apartment, me and my two girlfriends.  living in this house, right? And they went on cam together. It's a duo, with a team to start making money. And that was the beginning of it. And the interesting thing about it was, these girls were so inept from a business perspective. Like they're very beautiful and they're nice girls. So can't say anything bad about them, but they were not. Women do not have a business mind. So they'd sit on webcam, right? And an old dude would sit there. And the old dude would say, what kind of guy do you like? And they'd say, oh, I don't know. Someone didn't shape, who's rich and young. And I'd be like, no, no, he's an old dude. You have to say, I'm tired of these young guys messing me around. I need an older guy who's ready to settle down. I don't care if he has money, his uncle will take care of me. If he's a young guy, you say, I'm tired of these old guys perving on me. You need to sell the dream. So I'm training these girls. And it got to the point where it was easier if I just typed myself. So what we ended up doing was, we had the two girls on camera with a keyboard, which wasn't plugged in, doing this. And then I was behind the screen.  talking to the dudes, saying the right things, and start dragging money out the internet. And for me, I mean, this is a long time ago, right? This is about, how old am I now? 34, so I was about 28. So about six, seven, maybe eight years ago, right? And making money online nowadays is far more popular than it was even eight years ago. Who do you know eight years ago who made money from a YouTube or from online? Yeah, nobody. Nobody's just been in business. It's just starting. So the four girls flew in, I sat them all down at a table. They're all like, who's this chick, who's this chick? Told them all the truth. I just straight sat there, just sat there and said, listen, I've been with you all. I'm starting a webcam business. I'm gonna get rich. Some of you are gonna come with me to the top of the mountain or if you pissed off, you can fly home. So a woman can't go around people and pretend it's the same as a man running around people. It's absolutely not the same. If I, a man can only cheat if he loves someone else. If I have a woman who I truly love, and I go out and I come back to her, and I don't care about her, and I only love my girl, that's not cheating. That's exercise. If she even talks to a dude, it's cheating. His females are emotionally invested. I have no emotional...  investment. So no, I make it very very clear. Any woman who was with me never never even the only men they spoke to besides me were my brother, high and the guys online who were paying them. That is it. They were absolutely loyal to me. And if they weren't they got fired. And any feminist will disagree with me but I'll tell you something. Women are loyal to one thing on the planet. And the only thing they're loyal to is is demand they want to have sex with. So every time there was a girl who I wasn't sleeping with she never lasted long. So now I have these four big premises, all these overheads all these managers are going to control. So I cut down to like a special forces team of around eight girls. And that's where I made my most money. When I had four girlfriends, my brother had four girlfriends, me and my brother eight women living in one house. And all the women adored us and they obeyed us. And at the peak I was turning over four hundred grand a month. Only in English or an American girl is stupid enough to be a ho for free. Because over here they'll be a hoax. They were drunk. They'll be a hoax. They're dumb. Oh, I saw a bunch of men. Oh, he was funny. So he gizzed on me. Like they're just idiots. In Eastern Europe, they're far  There are two intelligence for that. They understand that the number one commodity a female has is beauty. And if they're born with it, they're not going to waste it, going out getting hammered and banging Joe whoever, they're not going to do that. They're not stupid like that. So Western girls are extremely easy to sleep with compared to Eastern European women. He's going to really piss to salmon this off, but I'll tell you it's the truth. It doesn't matter whether a woman wants to be a lawyer or a housemaker or a webcam girl. Unless she has a man directing her, she's going to get up. They're just not built to be completely independent creatures. The women who go, I'm strong and independent. You're working for a man in a company and you're getting it by 10 men a month. You're not independent. It's a lie. You're just undesirable. So what you are. There's no such thing as an independent female. They're all relying on a man to some degree. Maybe I'm completely crazy. Maybe I'm foolish. Like you said. Get off things, eat, get off things. You're making my life sound very, very interesting. You're making my life sound good. Yeah, I do okay, man. I do okay. I just try and live as close as I can to my masculine imperative without hiding who I want to be or what I want to do or letting society program me. I think if you let...  if you give a man true free reign, completely be who you want to be and you don't let society program you, he's gonna drive a fast car, he's gonna have a bunch of women, he's gonna wanna have a bunch of money, he's gonna do whatever he wants, right? We all wanna be free. So I try my very best to be free. Because free to you. That's a good question. And especially in the modern political climate with all this corona, et cetera, et cetera, I think freedom is being destroyed in real time. Even before corona freedom is being destroyed, you, if you look at even very basic things, right? Like freedom of speech. If a man isn't free to say what he thinks in the way he wants to say it, if political correctness or hate speech or whatever, whatever. If a man can't even express himself the way he thinks it, is he free? You know, and what they do first is he restrict your speech because if they restrict your speech, then they can start to restrict your thoughts. If you're not allowed to ever say it, then you're probably not gonna think it so often. This is why it's done on purpose. So I don't think that society's very free at all. And I think that in regards to keeping our employment, keeping our money coming in,  making sure we don't lose our social media's. Every single person has to censor themselves to some degree and I try very, very best to skirt that line, you know, as far as possible. So I feel free. Freedom is the ability to scream when you want to scream, be angry when you want to be angry, smile when you want to smile, say what you want, do what you want. And that's a very, very rare commodity in the modern world. That's extremely rare. So that's what I would consider. Okay, so yeah, I am a half English half American. My father was in the Air Force. He was based at ChickSans in the UK. He met my mother. They were fortunate enough to have this perfect child. Do you see him in front of you? I have a brother. I have a brother and a sister who moved back to America. And I lived the first 10 years of my life in the United States. And my father was a chess master. That was his job. After he retired from the Air Force, he's a professional chess player. So I grew up around professional chess players, which is kind of an unusual climate to grow up in. Because you're growing up around all these ultra intelligent semi-autistic, they're weirdos, right? You can't be, you can't be that, that's not good.  and be normal, right? It's like human calculators. They're all a bit strange. And you have XKGB members and like math nerds. And it's just a very weird kind of climate. And my father was a chess master, but my father was very unique. Because my father was also a professional wrestler and had physicality. So you have like a bunch of dorks. Then you have my dad, this big black dude. And he's like competing in the chess world. So I grew up in a very kind of strange world. And I was a professional chess player. I was on my path to being a professional chess player. At the age of five, I was just a state chess champion for Indiana. I was the best ranked player under the age of 10. And I was on my way. So I played chess for the early part of my life. And then at the age of 11, my mother and father split up. My mom took me back to Luton. Great place. Lovely. So from the age of 11, I grew up in Luton. So that's the very beginning of the story. And a lot's happened between now and then. And here I am. Yeah, that's a good question. A lot of people talk about how stressful it was that their parents broke up. And I mean, obviously I was very, very young. I don't think I was necessarily.  to upset by it. You know, I was, I was still, my father was very realistic with me and he said, look, I'm still gonna see you, but you're not in England, it is what it is. So I don't think I was particularly upset by it, I would definitely wouldn't say I was traumatized by it, but it did alter my life trajectory because I lost my chess coach. Up until then, I played chess three, four hours a day. It's all I did, it was chess, chess, chess. When we left, not only is there no chess scene in England like there's an American, there's lots of chess in the schools and these kind of things, there's no chess scene, plus I had no coach. So for a while, I was kind of lost, I would say. I had four hours free of day that I never used to previously have. And I mean, I didn't get into too much trouble or too much mischief, but I was certainly a bit, how can I replace this thing I used to do all of the time? I got you to replace it with... I ended up replacing the fighting. Yeah, from a young age. From around about 15, 16, I start kickboxing. And I think that fighting and chess are extremely similar. To me, they align, they fulfill the same gaps in my psyche, right? People always say, how did you go from being a chess player? Whichever...  and he says Geeky to a kickboxer. And I said, well, chess is one on one battle, right? That's all it is. There's no luck involved. There's no team. There's no win that can blow the ball. There's no, you know, it's one on one. It's a fight if you lose, you messed up. And fighting feels the same for me. So for me, I thought, well, okay, I can't learn chess well enough without a coach. And I can't find a coach in the UK who I trust to teach me chess, but I can't find a coach who can teach me to keep people's ass. So that's kind of how it started. How did you end up going through the ranks and running model titles? Fighting's kind of weird, right? Every, I think if you talk to any fighter, everyone who starts, I mean, lots of people say they had aspirations of being the world title, though the world champion in the beginning. I just turned up to training one step at time, right? I just want it to be good. So my coach said you have to train seven times a week. You're okay. So I just obeyed. I was just a worker and I just did as I was told. And then you win and you win again and you win again and you get a title shot, you win. And before you know it, you get up there. My first ever world title fight was on three days notice. So someone pulled out and I had three days notice. I had to lose nine kilo in three days.  I turned up, obviously, was completely destroyed from the White Cut. Everyone expected me to lose. And I won. But they gave the... and I'll say I won because I did win. They gave the decision to the other guy. It was in France. And it was in Paris. And it was me against the French World Champion. They gave it to him. But I whooped his ass, right? And we submitted the video to the ISKA, the organization, and they demanded a rematch. So, so obvious I won. And we fought again. And without the big White Cut problem, I knocked him out in the eight. You know, violence is a very different thing. And women don't understand the differences between fighting and pure violence. And they also, you're completely right. They don't understand the true physical difference between a man and a woman. All this female self-defense, I can fight to is all bullshit. It's complete garbage. A man who's genuinely enraged. You don't stand a chance. I'm sorry. The best thing you can do is scream and run. I'll tell you another, he's a man. Even a teenage boy. Oh, no, you don't say a shawyer or a grown woman. I had a girl who did self-defense classes. This is like a couple years ago. She goes, oh, you're a kickboxer. I want to show you like myself defense. And if you grab me, I do this, I do this, I do this, I do this. So listen, bitch. If I grab you...  you start trying to be a little ninja. What I'm gonna do is I'm all smashed. Wack, Wack, Wack, Wack. Done. Now your whole face is busted. Like you've you've you've forgetting the part of the equation why just beat you up for like three seconds and you're done. Now drag your ass to the bushes. What the fuck are you talking about? It's garbage man. Give you another example of a guy I saw get fucked because of his chick. Outside of club in England and one more thing for the American guys watching this. Anyone who thinks England's like you know nice suits and little posh people. They borrow England's violin. Very dangerous. I would actually say although you have guns here I'd say the mentality as a whole is more dangerous there. People are about it. They're just a crazy island and they always have been. So it's a very dangerous place. Yeah. Chef G. Yeah. Yeah. I've been missing here. I don't even zoom in. My finger came off from a blade. Oh shit. All the way off. Yeah. Oh wow. That's a long story. I was walking to a car late at night. Now I was arguing with the other guy. You can see the scar there. Yeah. I'm gonna be sewn back on. So I'm mixing stories now. But yeah I'll buy. I had arguments with the guy by text. You stopped replying.  two days later as I walked to my car at night, they tried to kill me. And that also shows a lot about intent, right? Because when they, with intent, they don't threaten. That shows you how, you know, I was arguing with the guy and he goes, all right, just stop replying. And that shows true intent, because you tried to kill me. That's another story I can't see on a freshen fit. But I saw, do get knocked off that again. Even when women have the best intentions, they're reliably. I saw a guy outside in my club, he's arguing with another guy, his chicks in the way go and leave it, leave it, stop, stop, don't do it. That being the way, being a fidee. Anyway, she hopes, she grabs her guy, let go, stop, stop, hold onto his right arm. Stop, stop, boom, he gets knocked out. You're holding on your dude's arm. How do I see you gonna fight? Even if you don't want him to fight, you're just gonna hold on his arms and stop, stop, stop. And then get sparked. I tell my chicks all the time, if we're walking down the street in any kind of altercation comes run and screened off. You're no good to me next to me. You're no good to me in between. You're no good to me next to me. You're no good to me shouting, stop. You're no good to me, hold on to me. Just off, run over there and scream and get somebody else. And leave it to me, even if there's 100 of them, leave me.  buy myself because these chicks will get you out especially the ones who aren't trained and even if they have the best intentions if they panic what they're gonna do they're gonna grab you because you're their man right they're gonna stop you from being able to fight their liability dude you're walking out here with chicks and they're untrained at least my chicks are trained I literally will sit down with girls and say look at something goes off especially where I live in the world Romania these kind of countries or something goes off run and screens right should I tell you the story quickly yeah it's also story on that one all right so I'm with my dad my dad my dad's a chess player but he's also like a park hustler right so like he'd go to the parks and play chess against the other chess guys to make quick money so we'd go in there and offer him ridiculous odds like 3-1-4-1 and give them more time whatever and they sit down the park and he'd bust them up my dad was really good at chess but he was ultra aggressive so grandmasters hated playing in a few times he lost spectacularly because he went too hard but there's some few times he had crushing victories like just wreck the grandmaster because you just went completely all out defenseless he was like an attacking player yeah so I remember all about 8 years  I told this story on my take speech from a YouTube channel. I was about eight years old. Yeah, I read it and I was like, that's definitely your father. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was about eight years old. And my dad, even when he was still alive, because I only speak English, right, even though I live in Romania. And I said to my dad, do you think I should learn another language? And he said, he turned to me and said, you don't even speak English. And what he meant is, most people don't even have a grasp of the English language. Think of many words or an English you don't even know. Right? So what he was saying to me, you don't need to learn anything else, you'd learn English, which was funny. But my father spoke a very particular brand of English. And that's what his story is about. So it was Detroit. It was three in the morning. We were in a gas station. I was walking around. I remember looking at the Cheetos. I'm eight. We didn't like Cheetos. And I heard an altercation near the front, near the front of the till. I heard like some scuffling, etc. I don't know what exactly happened, but I came to the front and my dad was getting jumped by four Mexican guys. Right? So they're hitting and bang, bang, bang, one of them got a ball. So I smashed him and they're beating shit out of him. Even as my dad was getting his ass kicked, I'm eight. I'm standing there just frozen. As he was getting his ass kicked.  He turned to me and I remember he almost he growled at me and he went wrong to me as he was getting beat Right he managed to get one of them and Hold him tight and must have bit in his face because or whatever he bit He had fleshed his mouth by the time the whole thing was done right so he bit something off So does blood everywhere Anyway, the shopkeeper starts screaming. He's gonna call the police It kind of starts tussling goes half outside my dad manages to stay inside the the Mexican guys run off My dad's covered in blood his head's caught you bit that guy's I think you bit the guys lip off So just blood on the face and he's absolutely covered in blood He's drenched in blood and I'm standing by the drinks cabinet still just standing there So he told me to run to run in 7-11 So I'm just standing by the drinks cabinet He said sun sun so I came over there and my dad standing there took the shopkeeper the shopkeeper was Korean saying it wasn't your fault It wasn't your fault blah. Anyway, please come and The police could look through the CCTV. They see that my dad fought all these guys off and the police officer said so what's your job? What do you do? He's taking their statement my dad said I'm a chess player  And the police officer said, Chess player, maybe you should be something else. And my dad replied, my unmatched perspicacity coupled with sheer indifatigability makes me a feared opponent in any realm of human endeavor. I am the reform. But what my dad was saying unmatched perspicacity, perspicacity is the ability to perceive, right perception. My unmatched perception, indifatigability is the inability to become tired. So he's saying, I unmatched perception and I never become tired. And that's why I'm a feared opponent in any realm of human endeavor. And I remember that quote from when I was eight years old. That's a bad ass way to talk. I'm jealous to this day. People think I'm good on my podcast. That's why my dad just spoke through life. He just been rattled to the brain. And that's how he gives a police report. Like, my unmatched perspicacity coupled with sheer indifatigability makes me a feared opponent in any realm of human endeavor. Yeah. So when I was a child, I was playing chess all the time with my father. I was a state chess champion of Indiana. I was on my way to become a grandmaster. And then when my...  Mother and father decided to break up. We decided to move back to England because England has a Social-housing social housing program, right? In America, you're broke or broke But in England you get a house you have air food that kind of stuff It's actually kind of crazy not to get political, but Americans especially the conservatives are constantly Harping on about we don't want this to become a socialist country and they call Europe socialist countries But the tax rate in England is about the same as here and there you get free health care a free house if you're broke But here what do they give you in America nothing the too busy bombing countries stupid so um Yeah, so we moved back over there my dad's in America and for you guys there are American American and he's British guys. Yeah, so I'm half-half So my dad stayed here in America so I lost my chess coach and It's hard to stay dedicated and stay good without a coach right so for a long time I played a bit of chess. I did a little bit back and forth etc. And when I realized I needed probably 1314 I was missing all that time. I spent playing chess. I was looking for something that was similar And I ended up choosing fighting. I started with karate. I got a black belt show on and I moved on to kickboxing  And I fought K1 and I've had MMA fights as well. So to me, they're very very similar. They're one on one There's no luck involved I don't really like I didn't want a team sport because in a team sport you can have a bad day still win a good day still lose No, I want it all on the line, right? I didn't want a sport with any luck That's the thing about chess. It doesn't matter how well you played It doesn't matter how nearly perfect the game was if you lost at some point you made a mistake Even if you can't identify it at some point you have made a mistake and that's a fantastic metaphor for life as well Because there's some people out here who don't take responsibility and they'll come along go well COVID happened That's why I lost all my money. No, I don't buy that. I don't give a shit. What happened at some point you did not diversify you did not Prepare yourself you made a mistake. I think a heartbreak is designed to teach you lessons I think everything bad that happens to you as a man is designed to teach you lessons I think that's why God gives them to you You're never going to be good man unless you've suffered good men have been through a lot bad things And you have to realize why she left or why your heart is broke  so that you can change certain things and grow. I think that the worst men on earth are the ones who haven't had enough pain. You're supposed to suffer as a man. You're born to suffer. The whole reason God put men on this planet is to suffer. And the best men are the ones who suffered the most. I wouldn't be top G if I didn't suffer more than anyone else. You're a better man than everyone else if your life was a mess. And it was a hardship. Because you're not what happens to you, you are how you react to it. And the best men on earth are men who have had their parents die, the best friends betray them, their girl betray them, thrown in jail, their money stolen, stabbed, robbed. Every time something happened to them, they sat there and they looked in the mirror and said, what can I learn from this? How can I stop this happening? Those are the best men. Those are the men in respect. Those are the men women want. Why do women love scars? Look, they tried to kill him and they can't. That's why I want him. The best men suffered. You find a man who's never been through suffering and nobody gives a shit about him. Men don't like him and women don't like him. It's men are not good without it. If you're in...  intelligent person in you crash your car, you sit and say, how did this happen? Was I driving too fast? No. Whose fault was it? Well, an amateur will say, it's their fault. They came speeding out at me, but a professional will say, no, they came speeding out me. Why couldn't I avoid them? Why couldn't I move? Why didn't I see it? Why am I on this road in the first place? Like a professional analyzes everything from a position of what they could do about it, having control over all things. And it's the same with heartbreak. If you ask an amateur, why is heartbroken? Will she left me because of the blood? And he'll just blame her like a dumbass. She's arrogant. She doesn't listen to me. She, her friends, convinced her to cheat. She wants this that instead of saying, I don't have what it takes to keep her. I don't have what it takes to talk it away that makes her not want to listen to her friends. I'm not important. So if you self analyze everything, then everything happens for the same reason, whether, no matter what bad thing happens to you, including heartbreak, it all happens for the same reason, for you to analyze and get feedback. If you were more important and more successful, she was less likely to leave you. That's that's the truth.  The thing about life is you become a better person by a feedback. You don't ever become a better person via anything else Especially not practice people say practice makes perfect nest biggest mistake because it's not true Because I often get asked Andrew. How do you speak the way you speak? And I say Well feedback and they say would will you practice right? Well, everyone practices out of talk There's people who've been alive 30 years longer than me. You're practicing to speak longer than I have Don't speak the way I speak for example. It's just an example You have to feedback you have to watch yourself talk You just see where you've made mistakes. You have to see where you say um Like you have to remove it consciously. You need feedback to improve So the woman left you that's feedback learn the lessons and make sure it doesn't happen again or sit and blame her and Pretend it's nothing to do with you and then wait for it to happen to you again because it will that's how life works like Feedback I got from jail or my father dying or heartbreak or being stabbed or whatever it is All of these things happen for you to learn from them  And everybody in life has these events and everybody in life has these traumas it can learn from but most people are too stupid Or too arrogant or too cowardly to sit down blame themselves look in the mirror Analyze the entire situation as if it was their fault and see what they can do to prevent it from happening again If I get wet in the rain, I blame myself Why didn't I bring a umbrella? Why was why was I outside? Why was the car not nearer? Why didn't I check the weather is all me? Where's the average person goes? Why are you at eye rate it rained and it's not their fault because the sky rains on my fault I can't stop the sky raining whereas I believe I could I believe I could have stopped myself getting wet even if I can't stop the rain It's a mentality Harpbreak teaches you the power of understanding that in life Things will always get better if you try to make them better There were girls who I dated when you were still a baby. So let's say I was 20 years old And she was 19 years old. I was 20 years old and we broke up for whatever reasons this girl this particular girl got some job She had to move to London and I was upset about  it. If the heartbreak had never happened, well I'd be that guy, I'd be with her now, I wouldn't have done all the great things that I've done, heartbreak sucks and you do have to deal with it. And again, no one to walk away without begging or humiliating yourself, especially in this day and age of DMs and messages being recorded and stuff. And each heartbreak, like with every bad event that happens in life, sets an important marker that you eventually look back on on a longer timeline and you see the growth and the self-improvement and maybe the hypothetical scenarios that would have happened had you stayed with that person or had you not been betrayed by that person. And yeah, it serves as very important markers on the timeline, but it's only once you progress a couple years past that timeline that you could see the knowledge in it, unless you do it the wrong way and let it spiral you into a down the toilet of self-destruction, in which case you're like, well that's my life when completely you want. So no, that's when you chose to give up. They're two very different  things. Heartbreak is fantastic. I wish someone got it. I wish my heart could still be broken. That'd be nice. Well, men live for women. This is the point. Men live for women in every single way. If women didn't exist on this planet, everything about my life would be different. I'd have fast cars because I like driving. But a lot of the things that men do, a lot of the things we say, the way you dress, lots of it is about trying to attract women, trying to oppress women, and trying to have women hold you in a higher guard. Because if women in general hold you in a higher guard, then you as a high-value man have your pick of the best women on the planet. And there is a single red-blooded male out there in the world who doesn't like the idea of lots of different women being attracted to him. Even if he's got his wife and he's a love and it's the first girl he's ever been with and he's a Mormon or a Muslim or a Christian who's super involved. If you were to ask him, would you like to be unattractive to women or attractive to women just in general? He'd say attractive. It'd be because it raises the...  impression people have of his wife, for example. So there's not a single man in the world who doesn't live for women in one way or another. Women teach you a lot about how to get women, which is actually quite interesting. Like, they do. Women teach you a lot about how to get women themselves. If you want to piss a woman off ignore her. Don't install her. Just don't reply. And you should know that because when did a woman annoy you most? She ignored you. That's just that's right. So like you can learn so much from them. But women are the prize effectively. Sexual access or access to sexuality has always been a prize for men that effectively had to be earned. You had to go to war and get a come back with a valor star or you had to be a king or something to get access to sexuality. So women were the prize on a tool certain point. And then if you're a high-value enough man, you can say you become the prize blah blah. But effectively women are a fantastic mirror. And how women treat you tell you a lot about yourself. Because women are ruthless.  And if you're not a, if you, they don't see value in you, or if they don't see value they can extract from you, you're invisible to them. You know, you can go to a nice restaurant with a girl, and you can say, how many men are in here? And she'll say, I'm three or four, and she'll ignore every way or. If they can't get something from you, you're invisible. So how women treat you in general is a good mark for how much value you openly exude. If they can, if they can instantly see value on you, they'll talk to you and treat you a certain way. People think that beautiful women are really bitching in rude, nothing on. They're actually very nice and soft and sweet. They're actually quite shy and insecure if you're that guy. But if you're not that guy, they're like, it's way for me, because they don't even want to bother having a conversation on any level because you don't exude enough value. So women are a mirror. They'll tell you everything you need to know about yourself. And you should pay attention to it and you should change it. No one is ever going to give a shit about you, even one percent as much as you have to give the shit about yourself. No one cares. No one cares about you if you're a man ever. ...  conditional, you don't get loved unconditionally. And that's a beautiful thing. Because that makes you strive to create your own value as a man. And the problem that men have is we all go from a time when everyone cares about us to a time no one does. Women don't lose it until they're maybe 45 and childless. They're like, oh, what the f going on. Now she understands what it's like to become a 15, 16, 17 year old man. Because we've gone through the stage. I remember our hands and I'm going to say, hey, little Tristan, I remember, you know, they all cared about me back then. And you get the 16, 17, 18, you're out in the cold world and they're like, no, I'm just a do they. I can't pay my bills. I have no food. Nobody cares. Yeah, your mother and your father will care a little bit. But you have to care about them. So I'd say the juke your protection is the other way around once you become an adult. And you have to care about yourself. So the best advice I can give to anyone, especially the young men who are 13, 14, 15 who, you know, are sitting in their room, playing video games, and their mother still bringing them sandwiches, you know, if she continues to care about you that much and you lean on it, you're going to be a nobody. And if she says, okay, you're a  now get to my house. You're gonna be a nobody until you make something of yourself. So the best advice every young man needs to hear is nobody gives a shit about me. At all. Until you make them give a shit. People give a shit about me and Andrew now. Why? Would you have given a shit about me if I just stayed in my room play video games from age 18? Until now, no, you wouldn't know if I was. As a man, if you truly care about the world, you need to improve yourself first because as a man, if you're not capable, your love means nothing anyway. If you can say I'm a man and I love my dog, but if you can't feed that dog and you can't hone that dog and you can't afford to take that dog to the vet and you can't protect that dog, then your love means nothing. Your love as a man is directly correlated to your competence and your capabilities. So when a man who is capable loves you, it means something, a man who's incapable loves you, it means nothing at all. So if you're incapable, not necessarily important, not necessarily financially successful person, it doesn't matter what you feel about anything, because you could be replaced and nobody gives a shit. So if you truly care about that,  I guess the lesson is if you truly care about an issue, as a man, the first thing you should do is you should improve yourself. If you have a woman who you truly love, instead of buying her flowers every day, you should improve yourself. If you have a town that you truly love, instead of, I don't know what you would do, instead of telling them what how great it is, you should improve yourself and you should start a business in that town, so that there's more jobs in that town. It doesn't matter what it is. Self-improvement is the answer to showing your love for anything as a man. So when I see people say, oh yeah, I really love my girlfriend or whatever, and then I look at the guy. I say, no, you know, because if you did, you wouldn't be sleeping so long. You wouldn't be so insignificant. You'd be trying harder in some way. You'd be doing something. You're not doing anything. You're not doing anything. You don't love anybody. I would say to all the young men out there who see me as a source of inspiration, motivation, knowledge. I'd again say something similar than I said to my brother. I'd say, if I exist or not, if I speak or not, if I do podcast, if you hear my voice, it doesn't matter. You can do all of this without me.  a source of motivation. Everything I've tried to say to you and everything I've tried to tell you, I've meant it because I care about not you personally, but the way that men are perceived in this world and the way men carry themselves in this world. And if you are a true fan of mine, don't get angry, don't go nuts, don't burn anything down, don't let this become a moment in your life that spirals you down that toilet of self-destruction. You don't need me and you can do this anyway. Best of luck. Happiness the purpose of life. No, absolutely not the purpose of life is to be competent, successful, if you try and base your life in your mentality, purely around how happy you are, you'll end up hedonistic and destroyed. I think that as a man, your happiness comes from feeling respected, over feeling loved. And the reason perhaps you're happy now is because you have more respect for yourself because of the decisions you're making. You have self-respect. Yeah. And I think that a lot of men, even if they have self-respect, if nobody else respects them, they're struggling. I have no interest in me, happy. I wake up.  I'm gonna say, how can I be proud of myself? What can I achieve that makes me proud of myself? How can I do things that make other people respect me and are proud of me? How do I have a day which I complete when I come home? The woman who's in my house says, wow, there's no man like you. How do I live a life so my children look at me and go, dad's a superhero. How do I make my mother call me instead? I couldn't possibly be more proud of you. I have duties to complete. I live, I have to live the exact same life regardless of how I feel. So for me, happiness is not a good indicator on how life should be lived. But happiness to me is a super interesting concept is when people come to me and say, I'm not happy. I say, why should you be happy? They're like, what do you mean? I was like, who told you you should be happy all the time without working for it? Happiness is at the top of a mountain somewhere. Wait, Benini, where you haven't even climbed it? Nobody cares about men being happy. We talk about women being happy. We want children to be happy. If you look at a folk-owned man on Christmas morning, he's smiling because his wife is smiling. He's smiling because his children are smiling. Nobody even buys him anything. What do they buy the dad socks? Nobody cares about men being happy. So why do you and man care about you being happy? That's how you're going to fall into these traps.  I'm a very content person. I live a fantastic life. I'm not miserable or depressed. I'm not sad ever But I don't wake up and go I want to be happy today. No, sir I wake up and say okay things must be done and those things will be completed regardless of how I feel Regardless of how I feel you can lock me in a dungeon for unknown amount of time In a remain in Romania and I will still complete as many pushups as I can possibly do in the dark by myself What else am I gonna do sit there and be sad happy or sad the pushups must be done It's called duty is called honor. It's called pride So I'm asking you why you don't have them you could be a genuine force for good in the world and know what's funny The funniest thing the most ironic thing about all of this is that if you don't prioritize happiness and you prioritize Feeling proud of yourself you end up happy by extension I'm happy because I'm proud of myself because I have a fantastic life and mansions and supercars and money Most famous man in the world thousands of love letters a week from beautiful women Of course I'm happy, but I didn't ever choose to try and be happy  If I would have chosen to try and be happy, would have never ended up happy. I don't want a woman to ever go through anything bad in her life. I think a man should go through it for her and protect her. Because I think that's how she's her best self as a woman. But I think to be your best self as a man is the absolute opposite. And when someone emails me and says, this has happened to me. I'm like, good. No, what do you mean good? It's terrible. How else are you going to become important? How else are you going to find endless fire to get up and struggle in the face of the competition that's out here in the world? How else are you ever, you're going to do all that with a nice, cushty life? If any man's honest with himself, think about the biggest transformative stages in your life. Think about the times you've got the most work done. It was a bad part of your life. Your heart broke in or you lost a house or broke or whatever. That's when you did shit. When everything was fine, the mortgage is paid, dinners on time, it's kind of dupe, dupe, dupe, du, little by little, doing a little bit of work, doing a little bit of relax.  But the big events come from trauma. This is it. So it's a cheat code. It's a cheat code to climb the mountain So when I get a message from whoever and he goes my wife left me. I'm devastated. I say I understand I Completely understand how hard it can be to lose a woman that you've given your entire life to and you've been done so many nice things And then because of one thing you did her innate and absolutely insane level of ungratefulness has turned her bitter And she now talks to you like she hates you over one thing you've done after thousands of efforts Showing how dedicated you are to her and even now that you're prepared to die for her She doesn't give a shit about you. I understand that pain But my answer is good. It's still good now take all of that pain instead of emailing me do this And then you're gonna become the kind of person that women don't leave then you win I think everybody on the planet has something to prove if you walk through life and feel like you have nothing to prove than your loser If you wake up each day and go I don't owe anybody  I don't have to prove anything to anybody then you are a loser because you are absolutely not the incorrect. You must prove yourself to other people. You must prove yourself to your bloodline as we discussed. You must prove yourself to God. God hates the lazy. You can't stand them. If he gives you all these genetic dispositions and these natural God-giving gifts, you have two arms and two legs and you can think and you're not trying your absolute best. That's the reason you're not lucky. He doesn't like you. He likes the people which show him the beauty of his own creation. He likes to give somebody building blocks and them to build something amazing. It's the best thing about being a man you have to build who you are. You can decide if you want to be a funny comedian or a musician or a kickbox or a world champion or fight the matrix. You decide whatever you want to be. God loves to see that. Those people, for some reason, seem to be enormously lucky. The person who goes, I don't have to prove anything to God. I don't owe all of my ancestors any effort. You know, for 5,000 years people were dodging saber-suit tooth tigers and catching the plague and running from Genghis Khan. I don't owe them anything.  I would have a thing because I want to play video games. These people are losers. I wake up every day with something to prove. I have hundreds of millions of dollars. I'm in fantastic shape, four times world champion. Fighting the matrix out here by myself, more. I will have to be braver. I must try harder. All I do is prove myself. So when I hear people go, I don't want to have nothing to prove. Then your loser, peasants have never felt like they needed to prove anything. But kings felt like they needed to go and conquer land. Isn't that coincidental? That the king who already had it all felt like they needed to go to some far-flung land and conquer it and take it and prove he's the king. But the peasants, I don't have to prove nothing. Nobody. Your loser, you're a dummy. I absolutely and utterly completely have everything to prove to everybody all of the time. That's who I am. I will prove anything to anybody. If I sit and say X, I will prove it. Happiness is the number one thing that must be heard. And I'll tell you that my happiness is based on very real world achievement. I couldn't be happy of Osbroke. I couldn't be happy of Osobese. I couldn't be happy of Oslonely. I couldn't be happy if I wasn't respected.  I couldn't be happy if I couldn't whoop a dudes ass. I couldn't be happy in those scenarios So I made sure none of them scenarios came true. I have hurt my happiness via hard work It's the top of a mountain which I have climbed. I deserve it I deserve to go to sleep with a smile on my face That's why I can deserve and every single guy who hasn't got it probably doesn't deserve it the universe is very giving and very Fair people seem to think that the world is unfair and those are all the same people to tell themselves are unlucky I actually believe the opposite. I believe the universe is a very giving place I believe God is a very giving being and that thing the world all and all Generally balances out and it's pretty fair if you're the kind of person who deserves a good life and works our ass off and Genuinely wants it and tries very hard Guess what you get 99% the time a good life and if you're the kind of person who doesn't really deserve it Slacks three days a week a little bit lazy Snakes his friends talks behind people back blah blah. Guess what your life. Thank all that good the universe is pretty fair And pretty balanced. I've yet to meet somebody who gets up every day does what they're supposed to do works hard Goes to the gym then goes to work does their best makes her money looks after it is sensible doesn't blow  etc. etc. Who then fails? I have never met anybody who fails when they do all the right things. The universe is a very fair and giving place all in all. There are very few exceptions to that. So when I see somebody who doesn't have the success they want, especially when I see let's say a group of people don't have the success They want. There's no way you're all exceptions to that rule. You may want something, but you certainly don't deserve it And that's why you don't have it. You shouldn't wake up and say how happy am I today? How does that affect how I act? That's not how I operate. I wake up and say what must be done? What will allow me to be proud of myself? What will allow me to achieve? And those things will be done regardless of how I feel. And those are how that's how the most successful people on earth all operate. The most successful people on earth don't only do things because they feel happy about doing them. If you never make a mark on the world, then you effectively never existed. And when you're gone, nobody will care. And that's very important because you have a duty to your ancestors and you have a duty to God. So you must make a choice. And this is genuine choice to you people at home. Do you want to live in obscurity forever and be invisible and not matter and have a easier  life, I would argue that it's not easier because in your heart and in your soul you're going to feel guilty knowing you could have been something you're not. Or do you want to try your absolute best and struggle and suffer every day of your life paying the rent for all of the amazing things around you? We pay endless rent, we pay rent for our bodies, we pay rent for our relationships, we pay rent to keep our kids, we pay rent to keep our business, we pay rent to keep our freedom. Every single day is work to pay the rent, it's absolutely neverending and you have to make that choice. So we have a pen and paper in front of you, you need to decide. Do you want to be invisible with a lower rent bill or do you want to be important and work hard and suffer to make sure that the rent is paid? As a choice you must make and it's binary and you must be extremely dedicated towards the decision you finally make. I refuse to accept that there are people out there who cannot become happy contented individuals. I refuse to accept we live in a world where God has created people who no matter how hard they work and how good their life becomes, you can't be happy. I don't accept that. I accept that the universe is a very giving place and that God loves all of us and if you try your best and you work hard you can become a bear.  The beauty of life is a man is to be great. So you have to see your anastaself. Do you want to be a happy loser that's insignificant? Nobody knows you exist. Women don't respect you. Men don't respect you. Nobody cares if you live or die, but you get to smile all the time. Or do you want to be one of the most important people on the planet with a little bit of stress? Alternatively, you can go out there in the world, try and implement your mark on the world, work hard, try to get rich, more money, more problems. You can try and start a business to stress of that. You can lose your girlfriend because all you're doing is working. This is a new level of stress, a new level of trauma, but at least you'll be a somebody at the end of it. As a man, there is no easy life. Your life is not about being easy. Your life is not about being happy. Your life is always going to be difficult. All of the pain you feel, all of the sadness you feel you're supposed to feel as a man and you have two effective binary choices. You either go through the suffering and go through the trauma and go through the hardship it takes to be a man of value. Or you suffer eternity as a nobody. There's two ways to suffer. You either suffer as coming as somebody or you suffer as a perpetual and forever known.  nobody.