 I'm ready. Bien. In Chepam. That's a very good question. I do feel safe in Romania. Society. I think the society is a very safe society. Remainings are beautiful people. It's a religious society. You can see and feel God here. I don't feel safe from the law. I have to be very honest. I think that the procedure which has been applied to me is unfair. I don't see why it has been done. Nobody wins. The two victims in my case are saying they're not victims. Decaut looks bad. Romania looks bad. Certainly they have tried very hard to catch a big fish. The prosecutor has been desperate to put me in jail because I'm famous. Not because I've done anything wrong. And it's kind of upsetting to me. I have to be very honest with you because I've tried very hard to represent Romania in a positive light and always speak positively about Romania to the entire world which doesn't have the best international reputation. I've only ever said good things about this country. And then for...  prosecutor to come along and decide he wants a big fish and to put me in jail for no reason, not because I've done anything wrong, but purely because I'm famous. I think that makes Romania look bad. It makes decot look bad. There's no victims in the case, so nobody's being saved in any way. It's just a net negative for everybody. And the Romanian people respect me and love me and everybody who sees me, apologizes to me and knows I've done nothing wrong. So I feel very safe in Romania. Yes, it's a beautiful country. I just decided to live here for a reason. It's very beautiful people. I just think it's a shame that one prosecutor on a ridiculous quest for fame can damage the country's reputation so heavily. I think the entire world supports me. Absolutely nobody believes the narrative they have tried to paint. Even the victims they found and put in this file themselves are saying they're not victims. They're on television saying we're not victims let Andrew go. Nobody believes them. Nobody on the public believes them. Nobody in the internet believes them. The entire thing is a farce. And I genuinely feel  bad, not for myself because I'm a man who's had a very difficult life and I understand trials and tribulations and I'm not scared of jail, I'm not scared of assassination, I'm not scared of anything, it's not who I am. I feel genuinely bad for the country of Romania. What rich person, what person of wealth will now move to this country and set up a life, knowing that decot prosecutors in their desperate bid to try and make themselves famous will destroy a man's life and reputation at will and face no repercussion? What rich German or Italian men will ever move to this country? We talk about Romania being a beautiful country full of beautiful people, beautiful natural resources, amazing nature, a gorgeous place where anybody should come and feel free and safe inside of a democratic society. Who is going to come and set up a life here after what they've done to me? Romania has lost years worth of positive reputational building for what? To save who? There's not even a single victim in the file. The two girls they highlighted are on my side. The entire thing is asinine, it's crazy and it's ridiculous to me that one person in their quest for a career and their quest to try and forward their...  The job can do this much damage to an entire nation. I'm mind blown. Where did you get this? Where did you get this? The world's best Android 8. That's a very good question. At one point, I was the most Google man in the world, which was an interesting experience. I teach positive things. I am not interested in drama. I'm not interested in just getting clicks. I genuinely try and teach good things to the world. I'm a fan of mine. Their life improves. In fact, the majority of fan mail I get is from females. Usually, mothers encouraging me to continue along my mission because of how positive I've been in influence for their sons. I don't drink alcohol. I'm strictly religious. I've never taken a drug in my life. I'm a kickboxing world champion, a dedicated athlete. I have a lot of money, not because I'm from a rich family. I've come from the absolute lowest echelon of socio-economic housing. And I've done it all absolutely myself. And I teach these things. And I try and teach young men to be disciplined and stoic and work hard and explain to them that nothing good is going to come. From life.  unless they dedicate themselves. And I teach this inside of my online school, and we have hundreds of thousands of students, and we teach them how to make money, but also improve their mental health, and anybody who is a fan of mine, any young man who watches my content will feel better and act better. And I think that is a very visceral and a very real interaction with me as a brand. I don't, they don't watch me for entertainment purposes. They watch me because their life improves outside of the internet in the real world, and that's why they're so dedicated to me and my message. Much less. Goodness, David. At the vocal. So another very good question. I think young men shouldn't talk so much. When I was young, I was focused on hard work. I was very focused on my kickbox and career and training very hard and listening to people. I think that one of the problems with the world today now, especially with the internet, we have a bunch of young men speaking too much. So for a long time, especially in my 20s, I used my superhuman healing powers, which is what you have during that decade.  to dedicate myself to nearly endless work and study. I was a very good student before I began to speak. And it was when my kickboxing career ended and also my father died. For some reason, I kind of felt like my time as the student was over and I could start to speak more about the things I'd learned. And also, I truly believe not so much in Romania because Romania's still got sanctity in regards to religious beliefs, but in the West especially. I don't think many Romanians truly understand how fall in the Western countries is, how satanic America and England are. And I truly believe that someone had to stand up and speak and God gave me a platform and I have the ability to affect young men with my voice. And I truly believe there's evil in the world and good men don't stand by when evil is taking place and someone needs to stand up and say the pertinently obvious things which can save the world. And I have this platform and I'm gonna speak them. So it just kind of evolved along with my influence. Andrebara was simple. How long has it been since I came here? Five years ago. Or, Med tribe.  What does it mean to you, Tatar? That's a very good question. I don't believe I've let my father down. I believe my father's still watching me, and you're correct. I do carry his name. My father was a warrior. He died at war at the chess board. I believe I've been a warrior my entire life. I think my father was smarter than I am. I don't think I'll ever be as intelligent as he was. He had a very special type of intellect. However, I have some other qualities he doesn't have. The idea of having children in dynasty is to try and recreate better versions of yourself to give them all the good things about you and perhaps remove some of the bad and try and create this person into the perfect version of your last name. I was always instilled with a duty to my last name. I was told I had to perform as a Tate should perform. That's why I cannot act with cowardice. That's why I must stand up and tell the truth of what I believe is happening in the world. And tell the truth about the satanic agendas which I believe are happening in the West. And tell the truth about the fact that D. Caught have ruined Romania's reputation in a selfie.  to try and get promotions inside of their organization and to sit and sell the truth. And I think that's my job, and I think that's what Tates have always done. And I don't think he's ever been disappointed in me because I've never been a coward, and I never will be a coward. And if they walk in this room now to assassinate me, I'm gonna go with a smile on my face. That's just how I am, that's how I was raised, and that's how Tates have always performed. I had unlimited love for my father. My father adored me, and I think a father. And men in general, we love from an authoritarian position. When a man loves a woman, he is gonna make sure she's protected and safe. He's gonna say, don't walk home at night. I will come and get you. He will be to a degree protective. And I think that, especially if you're older and you're wiser, I know that me as a man now, I am trying to pass my knowledge on and trying to be strict on the people I love because I want the best for them. The same as you will tell your child that they cannot eat candy all day long because you know better.  than they do and my father was extremely strict on me because he loved me. He had unlimited love for me and that's why he was so disciplinarian with me. And life as a man is very hard. He prepared me for a very difficult life. I'm not some rich kid. I was thrown in Romanian jail. It was not a problem for me. I've been through much worse than that. And I've been created. I've been created to be prepared for all eventualities of life. And I think that when you are a man, life is extremely difficult, harder than being a woman, exceptionally difficult. And if you're not prepared for that, you're always going to suffer. You're either going to suffer the pain that it takes to be important or you're going to suffer being a nobody and being insignificant. And that's the unfortunate realities of life as a man. And my father did a fantastic job of preparing me for that. That's my puttetre inseratia. Absolutely. I have no problem living in poverty. I am who I am. I'm Amor Andrew Tate and I'm happy with who I am because of my last name. And I'm happy that I live through under God and I do.  the right thing. I'm happy that I live with honor and I'm not snake and I'm not a rat and I don't tell them my friends are not a betray anybody. I've made a whole bunch of money because I believe in the world today if you're a competent male who can get up on time, a firm handshake, does what he's supposed to do, stick to his promise, that it's very easy to become a millionaire. I teach that inside of my school, I teach people how to become exceptionally rich. I don't think it's difficult if you're actually a hard working person. I've made money by result of just being competent, but money is not who I am. I was who I was before, I had money which is why I have money. I have no problem going back to poverty. I lived in poverty most of my life. If I end up 72 years old on a beach in the Philippines, as long as I have my brother, I'll be smiling. I mean money is beneficial and beautiful, but truthfully I spend most of my money helping other people. They don't talk about this on international media, but you can go to takepledge.com. I donate 25 million dollars a year feeding children. Takepledge.com. They don't talk about that. I spend my money on the mothers of my children, my mother, the women I care about, my sister. As a man, when you have a lot of money, you use it to provide and to help others.  I find my happiness to the happiness of others. If I buy myself a new f***, I feel less happiness than if I buy my girlfriend a new f***. My money's for everybody else. So I'm the workhorse. All I do is work and give it away. That's what is the masculine imperative. Think of Christmas morning. Nobody buys dad anything. It's about the children and the women. This is how it is as life is a man. So I could go back to poverty, but if I went back to poverty, I would feel bad for the people around me who I love, who I love to give to, or I love to take care of. I love that all of my family fly on private jets and we grew up in a council estate where we had less than 200 euro a month to live. I wouldn't worry about myself. I always worry about everybody else. And it was exactly the same in jail. I used all of my phone calls to check on everybody else. I never was concerned for me. I was concerned for everybody I provide for. So yeah, I can live in poverty, but I'd worry about my empire. You're too much. When my interest is not in me, I'd be in the wrong state. agenda.  Very good question. And I don't know if I was laughed at. I mean, I certainly stuck out. I was different in school. It was always my brother and I as a team. We didn't fit in. We couldn't play soccer like the English kids could and we had a different accent and we were exceptionally poor. But nobody bullied us. Everybody always understood there was a degree of respect for us because they knew that we weren't cowards and they would have to fight us at some point and they didn't want to push it that far. So I would say we weren't bullied, perhaps a little bit ostracized. But I wouldn't say that was necessarily difficult to deal with. And to this day, I still think there's people out there in the world who laugh at me and people who hate me online and hide behind imaginary accounts and say silly things. But to my face, it's been a very long time since I've been disrespected. And I'm not going to say that just because I'm a tough guy. I'm not going to say that because I'm a big strong kickboxer. I'm going to say that because I treat most people with respect. And I think it...  If you go through life and treat people with respect, most of the time you get respect back. And you have to meet a very special kind of idiot who's going to disrespect you and you're a respectful person. So I don't have negative interactions with people. I try very hard to keep my life peaceful. And I think when you've known violence like I have, when you've known true violence and you've grown up in an area where there's multiple stabbing in your friends have died. And I carry scars to this day from knife wounds. I think you try very hard to keep life peaceful. So in general, in my day-to-day interaction seems very happy, very positive. If anybody has anything bad to say about me, it seems they want to say it far away from me and I'm happy with that. Thank you. Where do you find violence in the streets of the water? Very good question. There is no light without dark. I think the ancient Chinese nailed it when they put the yin and yang together. You have the black and the white and they flow into each other and there's a little bit of white in the-  There's a little bit of good in the evil and there's a little bit of evil in the good. And if life is perfect all the time, you don't appreciate anything. I actually think one of the worst lives you can have is a life where everything goes right all of the time. If you're spoiled to that degree, especially as a man, as soon as you reach any kind of difficulty, you're gonna crumble. So I've had to get up a bunch of times. And I do not pray for an easy life. I pray for a difficult life with difficult challenges to solve and being strong enough to handle them. I've never tried to make my life easier, in fact, quite the opposite. And I think that life is gonna continue along this way. Once I beat this current garbage, which is going on at the hands of D.Ca, there will be some other garbage later on down the line. And if you really want an exceptional life and to do exceptional things, you can't only hope for the positive exceptional. When I'm on a private plane and they're flying on a private plane to another continent, and that's a very exceptional experience. So is a Romanian jail cell, that's an exceptional experience. It's difficult to call that a normal life. It's far from the norm. So.  Oipastii a dragit tă Xiang架 utice caladar Bani, a dragit deja uma solo, din se-l moisture ofie aunya te apa, futile max. Am atent tote din stupiga a unul specifically inține. Dar imi aici rapid. Cu patărtiedpt roles Și de donatuita ne Five Lacountăm si ce intr-o și trebuie sa ce miserable de sa impossitatea pe mai 20 am atiat la din smurt De ce am lă自 acest bacon din mea竹ăle meu al salató mi a inzite, și care Romanii ne le altogește l'ăsa atâne în chantă în niciun creșit pe prandeşpte, în ce sti happeningitei să mă fi disent. Agrăd ca este soc configurationă, aceasta genem pentru cum mergeu de chorul in Lucernos. Am ncedetut dar acum în IQul cu joscare. Ce este un serții ași iub acestop in CSuluict celace literally. Foost de regamente nowhere트, ce ne merg cruelit care atatul. strat Ceeaul un copii în securi pe pe animat, de c bounce ca micur şunuă, Alexander integrăce la Genghis Khanle. Dar ce n-aiолat cei션 regregreless  They all wanted an empire and I was in my 20s. I could heal quickly. I had no money, no influence. Back then was almost before the internet. There's no big social media following, no Instagram, nothing. I was just a young man full of fire and I decided the best thing I can do is to get in the cage and show that I'm braver than everybody else and destroy my enemies so that I can be paid and respected. I wouldn't say I did it for fun. I did out of necessity. I think that if more men had a genuine fire inside of them, society wouldn't be so broken. I think that anger and masculine essence in the correct direction when properly focused is extremely powerful. I think that when water lures wild you have a flood but when it's controlled through a dam you can power an entire town and we shouldn't be teaching men to remove their masculinity. They should keep it and put it in the correct direction and this is how you conquer the world and that's basically what I've done.  I don't hate women. It's very interesting you ask me that question. I certainly don't hate a woman in anger I never have. In fact, that video they're talking about, the woman herself came out and clarified it. And I think it's better that people listen to her than me because it's her point of view and we should respect her as an adult to say what she believes. I don't think that was the reason I was removed from Big Brother either. The reason I was removed from Big Brother was because I was having arguments with the other men inside the house and they thought it was going to get physical and a confrontation was about to happen and they wanted me to sign a waiver that in the event of a confrontation I won't hit anybody and I said, well, I'm not going to sign that if it's self defense, it's self defense and they were concerned for the welfare of the other little weaklings with big mouths and they had to remove me. But I'm a big man and I'm a professional fighter and if I hit a woman there wouldn't be any garbage case where I go to jail and there's no evidence and then I'm released. There would be medical evidence and pictures and videos and proof. In fact, they're saying I hit this woman and this woman came out and said no he didn't.  didn't hit me, it was a play game. I think that proves everything. So I don't need to hit women. I'm not a frustrated man. I also think that most of the world understands that when you find a man who beats women, he's called weak, he's called cowardly. Most of these men are frustrated. When I felt like fighting, I fought men. So I'm not frustrated. My life's extremely successful. And I have very good interactions with women overall. I have no problems in that department. So I don't hit women. That's a weak person, a big brother. No, I didn't. I had a big argument with a few of the other contestants. And it was about to get physical. And it looked like three of them were going to attack me. And they took me into the producers room and said, if this fight happens, we don't want you to hurt anyone. And there was a disagreement between me and the producers. And eventually they decided I had to leave the show. So I happened. Do you have a pre-instructive anglia-pentro? And you date? No, I have absolutely zero problems in England in 2020.  2014, I was accused by a girl of hitting her. The police came to question me. The police then looked through her phone and saw conversations of her planning to get me in trouble with her friend, discussing with her friend what lies she would tell, and they instantly dropped the case. I then moved to Romania. I found her made it to be a beautiful country. And for a long time, I laughed with my brother how crazy it is that a girl planned to lie to the police and wrote about it to her friend and the police discovered the text messages. So the entire case was thrown away. Then it was very funny, a very corrupt decot prosecutor who was desperate to put me in jail for no reason besides his own career, has come along, locked my brother and I up, saying that we've done bad things we haven't done. And that girl has also written to her friend and admitted how she will lie to the police and talked about how she will get an Oscar in text messages to her friend. Those text messages are also in the file, proving that her and her friend are lying from the absolute beginning.  But for some reason, unlike the British state, which instantly released me because I understood it was falsified, the Romanian state decided to put me in jail for three months and keep me on house for five months. I can't answer why that is. But I am completely free to move inside of the UK. I don't have a criminal record. I've never been convicted of anything. I've never been found guilty of any crime. I'm 37 years old and I have a clean conscience and a clear record. And in 2014, it was a very short-lived incident because the British authorities threw away instantly. And now I'm waiting for the Romanian authorities to do the correct thing. It's funny how history repeats. Very interesting how history repeats. And I'm sure in the end, the judges will do the right thing. It's just a matter of waiting for that to happen. That's a good question. I don't often miss. I'm a professional fighter. I'm pretty good. I tried. I would have succeeded. And I don't need to hit one. There's no reason why. I'd like to ask you a question. I don't think we have complete control over our lives. Obviously, there's outside influences with effect. I think one of the only things in life you...  You truly have control over is your state of mind. You can't even control if your heart keeps beating. It can stop anytime it wants. You can't control the weather. You can't control if the police bust your door down. You can't control if the matrix decides to coordinate all of the media in the world to say you're something you're not. You don't have control over much, but you do have control over your state of mind and how you react to things. And I see God in all things. I see God in all outcomes and all situations. And I believe that He is the best of planners. And He is giving us tests for us to learn and grow. And I never allow my state of mind to betray me. I've never lost control of my head. I've never felt depressed. I've never felt sad. I don't feel sorry for myself. I've never been able to get rid of a thought. I didn't want to get rid of. And I think that we live inside of our own minds. And as long as you control your mind, you get to control your reality. So I don't think I've ever lost control. And I don't think I ever will lose control no matter what happens to me. I'll always control my mind to control how I view it. And I view all things as a positive and how negative they seem. I see the positive and everything.  I see the lesson and everything, and I see God and everything. So for that reason, I will confidently state I've never lost control, because all that we have is our state of mind and I own mine. That's a very good question. Firstly, let me clarify, that statement was made during a longer format piece. I was talking about corruption of nations around the world. And I was actually saying that I believe America is the most corrupt country in the world. Anyone who understands geopolitics and especially global wars will understand exactly how corrupt America is. And I was also explaining this to an American lawyer who said to me, well, you live in Romania and Romania is corrupt. And I said, well, yeah, Romania is corrupt. You can pay $50 to get out of a speeding ticket, but they're not going to invade Afghanistan and send their young men to die for basically no reason. And I was trying to highlight the differences in the low level petty corruption against the global corruption, which is instigated on the planet by a country like the USA. So I actually have a lot of respect for Romania and the fact that you can buy your way.  out of a speeding ticket isn't a big deal compared to the things that most countries are doing with their corruption. That's the first thing. The second thing is, I have nothing to pay bribes for. I'm not involved in politics in this country. I don't know the names of the different political parties. I don't know the names of any politicians. I tried to stay very far away from politics because I understand I have a massive amount of influence and the last thing I want to do is get involved in a game. I don't fully understand. So I have no one to bribe. Who could I bribe? I don't have powerful friends in Romania. If I did, I guess I wouldn't have gone to jail. I tried to just live within the law and be a good person and keep myself to myself and make money and promote Romania and spend money here and help people. And I thought, and for seven years, I thought that would allow me to live a life of peace. And it turns out that that didn't work. Perhaps maybe I should have bribed people. Perhaps maybe I did need powerful friends. Perhaps maybe I should have been giving money away. I don't know. But I moved here and just lived with the pure heart and thought I don't do anything wrong. And then it turns out that I end up being attacked. And when I went to jail, every policeman, every guard, every single person I meet inside of the system, I grew up in the hospital.  when I meet on the street, all of them said to me, it's because you got too rich and too famous, Andrew. That's why they did this to you, everyone knows you're innocent. So I don't know. Maybe I made a mistake. Maybe I should have had powerful friends. I'm not sure. I'll give you a time. But I certainly didn't have them, or I wouldn't have been in a jail cell. And I don't have anyone to pay bribes, too. So I think the idea that I'm somehow coming here with a whole sum of money to live this renegade life. What is my renegade life? Like I said earlier, I don't drink alcohol. I don't do drugs. My entire house has been searched three times. I haven't found anything. What am I doing in my renegade life? Going to the mosque and looking after my children? I don't think this is true. I'll give you time. I have. I want to be a bar. No, is that anything? Is this a dream? No. I have no one to bribe. I don't have friends that powerful, unfortunately. And I don't think I needed to bribe anyone for anything. I don't break the law. I have no one to bribe anything for.  I'm not involved in politics. I'm not doing anything that interesting and my life has been forensically analyzed. I have a putino. I won't answer that question because the answer, I mean there was a parking attendant once and I wanted a parking space but I don't want to get in trouble. Okay. Good to be honest, good to be honest. Good question. Like you correctly stated, I haven't touched anything to do with this for six or seven years. I can't remember exactly how much I made but it was a profitable enterprise which I decided to give up for personal reasons and I've moved on to other things. I find it interesting that especially Romanian media trying to use this to demonize me as if it's somehow a big renovation. I mean you can drive down Uniree now and see signs for s***. There's s***. Cars wrapped parked all over the city. I think video chat is a very big and profitable business inside of Romania and I don't hold anything against any woman who decides she wants to work within the industry. It's up to her. It's certainly not.  human trafficking, certainly not legal. It's massive as an industry. Me and my brother were fairly successful. We were much more successful with other things. But if you ask any businessman how he became rich, you often had many tried and failed businesses, or many businesses he did for short periods of time. I've run over 20 companies in my life. It was something we tried and made a little bit of money with. And nobody would even talk about or care about if it wasn't for this clown show investigation by Decaught, trying to pretend that we're human traffickers when we clearly aren't. So we made some money. What does it mean some money? It'd be hard for me to estimate. I, a couple hundred thousand dollars, we didn't, we certainly weren't that large with inside of it. The women made more money than us, and we had to pay for the accommodation and those kind of things. And back then, seven, eight years ago, video chat wasn't nearly as big as it is today. It was a very small enterprise overall, and the reason it still mentioned is because of this falsified case against it. So family.  That's a very good question. I think that women fall for what they hear and men fall for what they see. And that's why women wear makeup and men tell lies. So it depends who you're trying to fool and why, but certainly women are easier to fool in some regards depending on the tools that you're disposal and I can say the same for men. I wouldn't say one is easier than the other. I think that men and women are quite different. We have a different type of intelligence. But women certainly have an intellect. Women can be psychic sometimes. Women can just say, I know you were cheating and she can have no proof at all and she just knows. Women can have a certain type of intellect that I don't think men have. So overall, I'd say men are easier to fool. In regards to the original statement before the question, you were talking about the fact that the video chat models lie and sell a fantasy to men. That's true. That's not true for my models. That's true for the entire industry. And the man knows she's lying and that's part of the fun. That's part of the game that people play. So I think the man wants to be fooled because if she doesn't fool him or pretend to fool him, he's not.  Well, I'm not interested, so it's part of the play. But overall, because I want to be a professional and give a compenduous concise answer, who's easier to fool men or women? It's very difficult. She instrumentals to lucro, for barbades and for women. Well, when you want a fool of men, I think you would have to appeal to his ego. I think if you appeal to a man's ego or his sense of duty, it's easier to fool him. And for a woman, if you want to fool her, I guess you would try and appeal to her sense of self and make her feel special and unique amongst many. Which I guess is kind of the same thing. But overall, I think throughout society, I think men are more fooled than women. I think men fall for traps and tricks more often than women do. I think that there are far more men who have been destroyed by a woman than a woman who's been destroyed by a man. So I think men are the most fooled, so perhaps they're the easiest to fool. You know what?  That's it. Well, there's a lot of things I want to clarify in that statement. The first thing is that I was explaining a lot of women today want to get married because they want to have a wedding and they want to show off on Instagram and they want to wear a dress and they want to spend money. They don't want to be a wife and to be a wife is something else. You have to dedicate yourself to your man and give yourself to the man, hence why the father walks you down the aisle and gives you away and you take his last name. So to clarify the initial statement, I was saying the woman does belong to a man. If she becomes a wife, she should be looking to belong to him. That's the first thing. The second thing, there is a girl who has 50 tattoos who also got a tattoo with my name. That's true, but she has a bunch of tattoos. I don't think it's that significant and there's a whole bunch of women I know, thousands of them who don't have a tape tattoo. So I don't own anyone. I think that we're all grown-ups and I think it'd be very misogynistic to assume that women can't make their own decisions and have a woman decide she wants to associate with me and I decide.  want to associate with her and then we're consulting consenting adults and we will do that. If she decides she doesn't want to or I decide I don't want to then the relationship will end. I don't own any women. Cause I'm not married. But if I got married I would see my wife as mine. Absolutely. I would have no interest in a marriage without that degree of ownership. Why would I want a married woman and say she's not mine? She would be mine. Absolutely and artly. Which comes with good and bad. There's bad, there's bad. I have a lot of responsibility. I have to pay her bills and protect her and take care of her and make sure that she has no problems. And she's driving a nice fast car and living in a mansion. So absolutely there'd be some bad from it. But there's also some good. You're my woman. You can't go and party with all those men and drink alcohol. No, stay here with me. If that makes me a misogynist like the BBC wants to say then heaven forbid a misogynist. But I think that's what every rational male and female believes. So I'm going to say it regardless of how they demonize me in the media. It's so...  interesting that I'm accused of money laundry, but from my understanding of money laundry, you had to have committed a crime first, and then you're trying to turn the money legal. What crime have I committed? Where's the victim? What girl? Where is she? This has been two years now. Two years long, this investigation's gone on, and I'm sure Romania has better things to spend its money on. I'm sure we need hospitals and roads and pensions, but for two years, they've tried to find a victim putting me all over the news, calling 2,000 people who know me, calling in people who I've not seen for five or six years, decalte dragonemant to the office and trying to convince them to say they're a victim when they're not, intimidating people, threatening people with jail, if they don't turn on me, all to find a victim so they can say I have laundered money, and two years later, they don't have a single one. It's ridiculous. I haven't laundered any money. If you earn money, and you buy something, that's not money laundry. You have to commit a crime for the money in the first place, which I of course have not done. So no, I've not laundered any money in any regard, because I don't break the law. I don't need to break the law. I have no financial incentive to break.  the law. Why would I, at 35 years age, of age, according to this deco file, who, with millions of dollars, world famous, a perfect life, children, big house, fast cars, why would I decide to then become a criminal? What's my motivation? It can't be money. I'm already rich. So what am I doing it for? Am I crazy? Am I insane? Am I lost my mind? And I want to run around and just be a criminal now? And then I'm going to find invisible victims, ghosts. And I'm going to take these ghosts and launder money through the ghosts? This is the fantasy of a prosecutor trying to catch a big fish. It's all garbage. And if the media is saying I've done these things, well, with all due respect, since COVID, I don't have that much respect for the media anyway. The media told you to get seven vaccines or you're all going to die. So if you still sit there and believe what the media says, you have something wrong with your brain. I'm a victim. It's kind of interesting. Human trafficking unions, when you take somebody and you put them in a place and you isolate them and you don't let them leave for your own financial gain. And if a prosecutor is trying to get a promotion...  off the back of putting me in jail because I'm famous, it seems like I've been human trafficked. They've taken me and they've locked me in a room so they can make money. I feel like I'm a victim of human trafficking. Yes, I am a victim. I've been human trafficked. The only human trafficking in my entire case was me spending not two days in jail for no reason. That's a very good question. Firstly, I see God in all things, and I don't see Emma as a mistake. Just to clarify for everybody at home, Emma was in Romania for six days. She visited my brother, he they met in Miami. Her boyfriend on Instagram caught her at Tristan's house. So she then said to her boyfriend, I don't want to be here. I wish I could leave. Her boyfriend called the police, which notified the American Embassy, which sent Decaught into our house. Decaught came into our house and found nobody else there. Emma was been going to and from the house leaving on CCTV, which has been played on antennae. I've once seen it. She came and go. She was only in Romania for six days. There's conversations with Emma talking to her friend, saying how she's going to lie to the police.  and she will get an Oscar for her lying performance, saying that she was trapped. We have video of her coming and going. All of this was provided to DeCaught. DeCaught let us go after two hours. We were witnesses in the beginning of April. They know she's lying. They have proof she's lying. They have video she's lying. They have conversation she's lying. They still then decided to spend nine months surveying us and wasting their time to come and arrest us again because we're famous and rich and they want to get big case and put us back in jail. It was all garbage, but I don't see it as a loss because I see God in all things. And it doesn't matter if I had to suffer a little bit to expose to ridiculousness of certain judicial bodies and certain prosecutors. It doesn't matter if I had to go through these things because all in all, I think that God gives tests and trials for us to grow. I certainly learnt some things about myself. I certainly learnt some things about the difficulty of life in jail. I learnt how important I am to the people who need me. And I see it as a blessing. So I don't think I've ever lost account with my brother. I have the best brother on the planet. I love him with all of my heart. We are a team. We are united.  It doesn't matter what he does, I always have his back, no matter what till the end. If you kill one of us, you have to kill both of us. I absolutely adore my brother. There's no brotherhood that's stronger than ours. And we've never lost because we are together. And as long as we are together, we will never lose. And in the end, at the end of this clown show, at the end of this circus, the winners will emerge to take brothers, because we've never done anything wrong, we live true under God. Are you a person who doesn't like you? Firstly, at the highest echelons of society, people are very careful about talking about their personal friendships. It's very easy for us to say I've never met anyone, or I don't personally know someone, or I don't recall. And that's just professionalism at a certain level. That's the first part of my answer. The second part of my answer, I have been canceled by the matrix. I was deleted because they said I was misogynistic, because I believe that men and women have different roles in society. I do not buy into the satanism, which is promoted in the West, that women can be men and men can be women and men can get pregnant and women are as strong as men are. And all this absolute insanity deliberately designed to degenerate.  society and create a society of slaves, which is what they're trying to do. They're trying to break down the family units so that men no longer have any instinct to defend anything. And then they can enslave us all like they did with COVID. They accused me of being misogynist for pointing out the pertinently obvious. And I'm not misogynistic in any regard. And then they deleted me. And they deleted me quite rightly from Facebook, Instagram, Gmail, my account, my account, six bank accounts, everything was deleted instantly. And in synchronicity, everything was done at once. So when I talk about the matrix, this is a perfect example of it. If you upset them, if enough people listen to you and you say things they don't want you to say, all of a sudden they will press a button and every single app on your phone will stop working. And the idea is that you disappear and you go away. You have three lives out here in the world. And your ability to tell the truth is heavily linked to your insignificance. You're allowed to speak the truth as long as no one listens to you. But when you have a huge platform, they expect you to shut up. You have to say where the mask take the vaccine, be quiet. Because if you start talking.  about the truth you're gonna get in a lot of trouble like I did and you have three lives. First they cancel you and delete you off the internet hoping you'll pick quiet and go away. If that doesn't happen they try and put you in jail for no reason on a falsified garbage case and if that doesn't happen they kill you. You have three lives if you talk against the establishment and I've used two of mine. I give you time. I've used two of mine and that's a very scary position to be in. I don't think anybody's given up on me. I've never had any private conversations with anybody who's given up on me. There's just certain people with certain arrangements especially sponsorships or large sums of money or affiliations with certain news networks which have to be careful what they say and I respect their professionalism. It's difficult at the highest social norms in society to just be open about your personal relationships. It's first.  I didn't have any information from inside decot. I have information from my life experience and I understand how the world works and I understand that ups and downs are linked like we discussed earlier and light and dark are together. And I said to Tristan that they've tried to cancel us because they don't like that we are telling the truth to the world. If we were lying, they would allow us to lie. When you rip out a man's tongue, you're not proving him a liar, you just prove you're afraid of him telling the truth. They deleted us across all of social media and this failed to damage our influence. In fact, we became more famous than ever before. You get three lives to second life as they try and put you in jail on a garbage case with absolutely no evidence. And I felt it coming because I know how the world works. And I said to Tristan, I think they're going to try and do it. I think they're going to try and put us in jail for nothing. And he said, well, how could they do that? And I said, I don't know exactly. And then here we are two weeks later, a girl who texts her friend and said, I'm going to get an Oscar for lying, watch how I lie to the police and has CCTV, which has been all over the Romanian news of her coming and going from the house holding her.  phone who was in the country for six days managed to somehow get my brother and I locked up. And I think that's because the prosecutors are extremely interested in putting us in jail, not because they care about the truth, but because someone has motivated them. It's unfortunate. This is how the world works. And you cannot shine bright in the world without casting a shadow. And I certainly shine bright. And I understand how the world functions. And my second life is now up. And I have to try my very best to not get assassinated. And that's my concern for probably the rest of my life because I don't want to be quiet. I want to continue to tell the truth because I believe that's why God put me on the earth. That would be a very quick way for me to use up my third life. So for now I'm not going to answer that what what are the demands  I don't think I gave myself away. I'm sure the Romanian authorities are competent enough to know where I lived. I'm very sure they know where I lived. In fact, I was under surveillance for months for no reason. So they knew where I lived. So I don't think I gave myself away. My house is not a secret. Greta and I have had our conversations. We've gone back and forth because I believe she is new world order at WEF. I believe she is part of the global agenda to enslave us all. Call me crazy conspiracy theorist, but that's what I believe. I believe that climate change will be the new excuse to lock us all in our houses and prevent us from going outside to save the earth. And they're just building up to it and people that read our important tools in their arsenal. So her and I have had our conversations, but I don't think she had much to do with my arrest. Besides being part of the matrix and the mechanism, which is unhappy with my existence, I don't think she directly ordered it. I think she is a pawn in the game. I don't think she is any kind of orchestra.  in the game. So I didn't give myself away. Remaining authorities are competent enough to know why I lived and they'd been there before and they turned up again for coffee that morning. So that's what happened. What do you think of the game? Furie or Frika? Yeah, it's a good question. I never lost my iron framework. I did have nightmares because obviously you're in a jail cell and things are uncomfortable but I don't believe in things that take away power from me. I believe the nightmares were a message from God to strengthen me. I see God in all things. I never see myself as weak. When I talk about being invincible, I don't talk about it in the literal sense. I'm sure with enough bullets I would die. Probably not one. Maybe ten. They'd get me in the end. But I believe that I stand the best chance of survival by believing I can resist a bullet as opposed to believing it will hurt me. So I always believe in those things in my mind. That's where my...  of instability comes from. When I was in jail, I was extremely concerned for everybody outside of jail. As said, I had no idea why I was put in jail. I don't speak Romanian. The papers were in Romanian. It was New Year's Eve. It took a while to get translations. There was delays. People were saying human trafficking, which is insane because the two girls in the file are screaming on the news that they're not victims. So the whole thing was a joke. Everyone was laughing about how ridiculous it was. So nobody was clear. It took a while for me to understand how pathetic the whole thing was. But I was very concerned for my children. I was very concerned for my mother. I was very concerned for my staff and their families. And I wasn't concerned for myself. I was genuinely very concerned for everybody I have to provide and protect and care for. And most of my conversations with my brother in that jail cell were, how can we make sure everybody else is eating? How can we make sure everybody else is OK? Most of my time on the phone was spent reassuring other people's state of mind, making sure other people felt OK.  It was never about me. Me going to jail was actually about everybody else. I was going to say that I was the one who was the most stupid. They're quite young, so I didn't have to explain it to them exactly where I was. They just knew that I was away. But it was uncertain how long I was going to be in there. And obviously you have to make a contingency in plan for the worst, but luckily a Romanian judge saw the light and let me out. I either time. Could you now? Good. They're three. And luckily, and to be fair, the Romanian judicial system, the judges have been very good to me. The judges can see garbage when it's put in front of them. And the judges let me free. And I got to reunite with some of my children. Some of my children I've still not seen, because I can't leave Romania. And their mothers are scared to come here because they see the police state as brutal. And they see it as corrupt. So they won't come here. So there's a daughter, which I haven't seen since the beginning of this, because the mother is afraid. The mother is afraid of decal. And I can't leave. So I've been separated from one of my...  I've been a doctor for over a year because of this entire saga. And that's the thing that's so upsetting. Like there's real people involved in this, real emotions involved in this game. When people sit and go, I want a promotion. I want to put a famous man in jail. They don't understand that there's full grown women crying. There's children crying missing their father. It's truly sad what's happening. Could they arrogance on this? I don't think I'm arrogant at all. I like to think I treat all people with respect and anyone who respects me will be treated nicely. I don't often get called arrogant in person. I don't see myself as delusional in any regard. I know what I'm good at. And I'll say what I'm good at. Any delusions I have are deliberately manufactured for my own state of mind, like believing a bullet wouldn't kill me. I think that's the best thought you can have in your head when you're shot. But I understand it's something I've manufactured. I don't think I'm arrogant at all. In fact, I was the nicest person in jail. Please, feel free to go do investigative journalism around.  central arrest. I said, please and thank you to every single prison guard who put handcuffs on me and marched me out to court even though I shouldn't have been there. I said, please and thank you for every single meal I was given. I said, please and thank you to the nurse who was concerned for me because my blood pressure was so high. I said, please and thank you to absolutely everybody. I'm very respectful to people who were just doing their jobs. I know it's not their fault. I'm in jail. I was Mr. Smiley. I was brightening up everybody's day. I was the opposite of Erdogan. There were people inside of the jail screaming banging on the door saying, let me go home. To me, that's arrogance to believe that you even stayed a chance of that happening. I understood that there's people here doing honest work and I'm in a jail cell. I don't belong in and that God will fix out all and time solves all things. And I was very nice to everybody. I would actually had been told many times I was the nicest prisoner they ever had. The old ladies who brought the meal around. They got the most compliments they probably ever had. Everyone else didn't want to eat it. I was telling her how amazing it was. Did you cook this? This is amazing. It's better than my grandma. This is the best. I was very nice to be able to do this. I was very happy because I believe if you make people happy.  Don't make you happy back. If you want to feel happy inside yourself, the best thing you can do is make others smile. That's how I am as a man. That's how I've always been. Like I described earlier about buying somebody else a car. So I spent most of my time in jail making sure everybody around me was smiling so that I could smile. And it was fine. Is the fruit of your life. Very good, Slava. Absolutely not. My brother and I are very different people. I think that's what makes us a strong team. When you have two people who are exactly the same then one of them is always irrelevant. You don't need them. If two people are the same, you can do it with one. We're very different people. He's stronger than me in many ways. We're actually such a good team because we're opposites in some ways. My brother is very good at being permanently positive and not having much interest in trying to fix the situation. I'm the opposite. I'm the one who's sitting there reading all the legal papers trying to learn Romanian law to understand how they can lock me in a jail cell when a girl already admitted she was lying and say she'd get an Oscar for lying. I thought that they'd must have broken European law. And my...  brother was like, let's just relax. We'll get out, God will fix it. So we're very different. I think these differences make us strong. If you look at a chess board, a bishop and a knight are different pieces and they move in different ways, but they're equally powerful. And when they unite and do their jobs correctly, that's when you win the game, same with the king and a queen, same with a man and a woman, same with a husband and wife. I think that's how the world works. And my brother's certainly not the weaker one. He's bigger than me. He's 110 kilo. I'm only 93 kilos. So he's taller and heavier than I am. And we possess unique qualities. And we make sure we work as a team to combine them to always find the favorable state of mind for the situation. And as a team, the tape brothers have never lost. Never once. As a team, we have never lost any scenario ever. We have unmatched perspicacity. And we are ultimately successful in all realms of human endeavor. And I love my brother very much. To nagasheh.  We all sin. I think most religions describe us born with sin. In regards to going to court and access to information systems and these kind of things, I don't even know what that's about. I literally have no idea what they're talking about. I don't think I'm accused of that. That might be one of the girls. I'm not sure I'm not allowed to speak to them. I don't spend much time analyzing my case because the whole thing's such a joke. It's going to be thrown out soon anyway. So I deal with my life. So what sins do I commit in life? Well, we all sin sometimes, don't we? We could always be better. I try every day to make sure I make a positive impact on the world. Please visit TateToPleds.com. I literally restore eyesight to poor people in Gambia and I literally feed children in Syria. Every single day there are thousands of people who eat a hot meal because of them. What do I do that is sinful? Well...  We can all be prideful sometimes. We can all be aggressive sometimes. We can all make mistakes. I'm trying to think of something I do. I don't live a sinful life. I don't drink alcohol. I don't take drugs. I'm more pure and clean than most people on the planet. And I want to make that clear. Most people have been through a two-year decot investigation at the level I've been through. All of their dirty laundry would be all over the news. What dirty laundry have they found for me? Thigh own a nice car? Thigh'm rich. That's the worst they could find. They couldn't find new drugs, couldn't find new prostitutes, couldn't find new late in homosexuality. You couldn't find anything. I'm going to the hospital. I'm going to the hospital. I'm going to the hospital. What are you going to do? What am I sinned? I want to answer the question. Let me think of something wrong I do. I have sex outside of wedlock. That's the sin, isn't it? Should I get married? Maybe. What else? Speeding. I sped once. I did 101 kilometers per hour on 100. And I'm sorry for that. I would like to apologize to the Romanian state and to go. Iосьcreted you for for thisanku, don't you think?  Sure, my brother and I have had slight disagreements. Probably once a year, maybe twice a year, we'll have a five minute disagreement maybe, which will end amicably. We understand that we have enough outside enemies to deal with without ever needing to turn on each other for something petty and small. And there are certain realms inside of life where he has the authority and certain realms where I have the authority. So our roles are quite clearly defined and it's quite easy to pull rank, depending on what we're discussing. So yeah, we've disagreed a little bit, but we've never ever come close to any genuine disagreement because we're tates, and the tates are already under attack by the matrix and the Satanists and the evil in the world, and we must stick together to stand a chance to survive, and we don't have time to be arguing with each other. So no, I mean in jail, we never argued once. Tristan has never complained that he lost his accounts or went to jail because he's my brother, and Tristan, you need to do anything. It's just because your Andrew's brother they threw you.  in there just to try and make a group because they're just making it up. And we never argued about it, you know, we're a team. We approach life together. That means to good in the bad. What's the point in having a brother who's going to cry when he goes to jail with you, but is happy to sit on a private jet with you? No, your brothers, private jets, jail, house arrest, home, court, we approach life together and we're a team and we smile and laugh every day no matter where we are. Jail sell or not. We're going to smile, we're still going to laugh. And I really believe we have an unbreakable bond. I cannot see a scenario in which we would ever stop being brothers. It's just simply impossible. No, it's impossible. We sparred, I mean, training. He's big, he's hard to hurt, but we've never had a real fight. We've never had a serious disagreement that threatened our brotherhood ever. I don't despise my sister, she's my family. We have differences. And I welcome her to her life and her point of view.  She disagrees with a lot of my life and my points of view and she's entitled to do that. Regarding the education system, I think the education system is not designed to free minds. In fact, it's designed to enslave minds and create workers. I think the education system is designed to prepare you for slavery inside of the matrix. I'd never met anyone who's rich and said, how did you get rich? And they said, oh, I went to university. Never. So I don't think that the education system is designed to actually make anybody rich, but only enslave them. And that's one of the reasons why I have the school I have online that teaches people how to actually get rich because modern education doesn't. I think modern education indoctrinated you and prepares your mind for slave programming. And my sister and I have different points of view because of that. But she's welcome to them. She's an adult and she has her conclusions and I have mine and that's the beauty of life is that we're all different. We all have different points of view. That's what keeps the world turning. Right? There are some people who... I've never heard of this before. I spoke to my sister when I left Yale.  We had a conversation and she was very afraid and worried and said that what they've done to us, they couldn't do in a Western country with no evidence. And I explained that God is in charge and God is watching all things and it's funny how life works out and the judges have been very fair to us and the judges will let us go in the end. And she was, yeah, she was concerned as a sister should be. But I have nothing against my sister a lot. That's just internet sensationalism. When you're one of the most famous men in the world, while theories about everything including your own familiar relationships. So... Are you not family or family of your father or father? That's a good question. I mean, my brother, my father had eight sisters. So it was him and eight sisters. So there was a lot more women than him. When you say overtake, that's a difficult question to answer because you have to quantify success. If you're going to quantify it financially, then some of my aunts were more fighting.  and I'm an actually successful than my father who was a professional chess player and was semi-nomadic. But I think that male and female success can be measured differently. And I think that there are women who perhaps have never made any money, but they have a bunch of beautiful children, which they raise, and they're a good wife to their husband. I consider them successful women. So it's very difficult to say how you would measure it. I don't know. I wouldn't say the women overtook the men or the men overtook the women. I think that my family has been pretty successful in all realms, and I love that my family was big. I went to my grandmother's reunion. She's 93 now. She's still alive. I would love to go see her, but unfortunately, I'm trapped inside of Romania for something I didn't do. But when I last saw her, we went to a family reunion and because she had so many children, she had 11 children and they all had children. I saw nearly 80 people in one room that came from one woman, four generations. I thought that was incredible. I consider her exceptionally successful for that alone. So perhaps the women did. I mean, all of the women in my family.  a lot of children and big beautiful families and I consider them successes for that and I'm going to try and replicate that and do my very best to do the same thing. I'm a family and family of the power of the power of the power of the power of the power. Yeah, I don't have any negative interactions with females in my family or outside of it. I want to make that also clear to the world. BBC can print, I'm a massage and it's all day long because I believe that men should go to war and women should stay home. But every single woman I meet is nice to me and I'm nice to her. I've never had a single woman approach me on the street and say anything negative ever. It's never happened. They probably never will and the mainstream media, especially in the West, is nothing that will pop up again in the machine. All they do is lie and try and paint narratives. So nobody believes their narratives anymore. They've overstepped and they lied too much and their garbage isn't flying anymore. I'm a sugenist and no women in my family have a problem with me. Varene Gatmama. No, my mother loves me. I spoke to her this morning. Me and my mother are super close and she's fully retired and lives a life of luxury because of me. She's a millionaire because of me.  I think in regards to her deleting off of social network, that didn't happen because I don't have social media. What she did is she was replying to a media article that was lying about us saying, I didn't raise my voice this way, the media article's not true. In regards to people saying she lives in poverty and looting and lives a bad life, I actually find it quite reassuring that me, at my status with my enemies, both from the legal system and outside of the legal system, because trust me, I have enemies everywhere, have no idea where my mother lives. And they believe she lives there, that's fine with me. I'd be very foolish to come on TV and say, no, she lives in this mansion. My mother's very well taken care of. The first thing I did when I got rich is retire her. She spends 70% of her year on holiday, on cruise ships and on private planes. And I love her very much. She did the best she could for me. And she focused on me and I couldn't have wished for a better upbringing because I believe the upbringing are strict parents and no money. And I had no money and very strict parents. And she's the one who is still alive. Unfortunately, my father is waiting for me on the other side. And I'm going to make sure she lives the best possible life experience in her family.  What for could you give me a few? My duty is ongoing. I don't think my duty will ever be complete. I think the reason people talk about my father today is because I'm such an exceptional person. If I was a nobody, if I didn't get up early every morning and try hard and fight and work and do 18 hour days and try and pull off the impossible and make money and stay in good shape and learn how to speak and come on do television shows all around the world and try and educate people and help the youth and make them disciplined and hardworking. If I didn't do all of these things, nobody would be talking about me and by extension nobody would be talking about my father. My father lives forever. His memory lives on forever because of my exceptionalism. And I must continue to be exceptional so his life story is so integral to mine that he is discussed at length permanently. It's also important that my son does the same thing. All of my sons must be such exceptional individuals that they talk about their fathers, me, for eternity.  That's the point of having children, that's the point of a bloodline and a dynasty. That's how kings have always operated. So I don't think my job to him will ever be complete. If I was just waking up feeling a little bit lazy and not feeling like going to the gym and sitting around in bed, then I would be failing my father because then no one would talk about him or me. But I don't allow that to happen, and I never will. And my children will never allow me to be forgotten either. And in 200 years from now, they'll still be talking about the name Tate, because it will always be the most disciplined, the most hardworking, the most dedicated, the most compenduous, the most capable fearsome predators on the planet. I'm not having children for any other reason, and that's the reason my father had me. So that's my Sarak de Kicekrede? Well, I'm not sure what's believed. But I'm on television here, and I'm within Romania, so let me be very professional with how I answer this question. I think D-Caut seized around 15 million euro. My sum would estimate that's only 5% of my money, and it wouldn't bother me at all. But those people would be crazy, of course.  So I had 15 million and one euro. That was my fortune. And unfortunately, 15 million of it's left. So I have one euro left, which I'm trying to stretch. I managed to get a taxi here. He gave it to me for free. I'm left with one euro. But my people eat. I live a good life. I take care of everyone I love. I think anybody with a brain who understands how money works and understands how the upper echelons of life works understands that if you're truly rich, you don't even know what you have. And it's not in your name and it's spread out and all around the world. And it's very difficult to value certain things at certain times. Sometimes you can have 700 million. Sometimes you can have 900 million. Depends when you sell. But none of this concerns me, of course, because I had 15 million and one euro. And decal took 15 million away. So I have one euro left. That's it. Sorry, ladies. One euro left. That's all I have. And I'm doing my very best to make it last as long as possible. I feel angry with my family.  How much do I trust women? That's not a gendered question. How much do I trust people? We can apply that to everybody. Everybody has their own selfish motivations, but I have a pretty tight circle. Nobody's failed me yet. Women can be more emotional than men, so it can be easier to use emotional arguments on them and force them or scare them. For example, let's imagine you're a corrupt police organization. What you do is you'd call 2,000 women who know a man. All of them would defend him. You'd look for one which is particularly scared and vulnerable. You'd bring her into the office and you'd try and force her to flip and threaten her and make it clear that she might get in trouble or she might have to pay legal fees if she doesn't do what they want. And then you try to imagine victims this way to put famous people in jail. This is what a corrupt organization would do. But I do trust people who are close to me. In regards to the two girls who put in jail, Georgiana is my personal assistant. I mean, she literally paid my electricity bill and did the shopping. I don't know how that makes her mafia, but...  Who knows? The other one, I thought her name was Ellie. I thought her name was something else until she was arrested. I only met her twice in my life. I didn't even know her, but supposedly we're a group. We're a mafia group. I literally didn't know this person, but I met her twice. So they just threw us all together desperate to make an imaginary case. But I mean, they told the truth to the police. They said the brothers have done nothing wrong and we told the police the truth also saying that nobody's done anything wrong. I trust them because I trust it. In the end, most people are pretty good-hearted and I don't hang around with snakes. We have a saying in England, birds of a feather flock together, meaning if you're a snake, your friends are snakes. But if you have a pure heart and you do the right thing and you never snake anyone, you don't ever turn on anyone and anyone, it's not very often that people will do the same thing to you. So perhaps I just attract good people because I'm a good person. Maybe I'm magnetic, I don't know. I don't know the exact answer. A lot of the things I say on the line, we have to-  to remember a hyper bowl. Like when you're online, you exaggerate to a degree. To sit and say that everything everybody says on YouTube, they mean literally is aesonine. And if any justice system or any media organization wants to genuinely do that, they're gonna struggle with every single YouTuber that exists. I've said I'm an astronaut. Does anyone believe I've been to the moon? I've said I'm James Bond. Do I work for my six? No. You say a lot of things on the internet which are exaggerated. However, I mean, I have a pretty happy social life with both men and women. I'm sure there are some women who hate me. I'm sure there might be some radical, hard, left-wing feminists who believe that transgender women are actually men and that men should be able to compete in women's sports and that men can have babies and all this true insanity. I'm sure there are some Satanists who genuinely hate me, both male and female. I have no interest in interacting with these people or finding out how many there are. I wanna stay as far away from them as possible. I want a very nice life with very nice people who are logical and rational and see the BE in the world.  world. And when I meet people like that, they seem to be pretty polite to me. And I'm often pretty polite back. I've yet to have a negative interaction with anybody, male or female on the street, since the dawn of my fame ever in any country, ever. So perhaps I'm actually loved, perhaps, to media's lying. Perhaps when they come along and say, Andrew, the disgraced, misogynistic influencer who believes that men should go to war and women should be protected because he's an evil person who's hated. Perhaps they're lying like they lie about absolutely everything else. Perhaps everything they've ever printed is a lie. Perhaps the beginning of every war they've ever started was a lie. Perhaps the vaccine they put in our arms was a lie. Perhaps everything's a lie. Perhaps people are starting to wake up and realize that all the matrix does is lie to enslave us. And the fact that they hate me so much and try and convince the world that I'm such a bad person is because they see me as a threat, a threat to their monopoly on information. Because it is with that that they purport the lies which instigate the largest injustices on the planet.  Is the main thing to entertain a schoolgirl? Good question. First of all, clarify some of the things you said. One, I said women can't park. Take me to jail. I stick by it. I'm sorry. I don't think women can park very well. I've seen too many accidents. Take me to jail. Secondly, when I talked about the fact that women need to bear responsibility for rape, that is the worst possible rewording of my point ever, deliberately by the mainstream media in the West because they are trying to vilify me because they're afraid that I am telling the truth about what's happening in the world. That is not what I said. I said that as a woman, the primary thing you should do is take care of your own personal safety to make sure that you're not put in a position where you easily could be raped. Because I'll have an argument with a feminist who is saying that men shouldn't rape. And I said, I agree, men shouldn't rape. It's heinous, it's disgusting, men shouldn't rape, but men also shouldn't steal. But guess what, we don't live in a perfect world. And we know that sometimes people do steal. So you put your money in a bank. You don't leave it on the floor outside because some...  and will steal it. For the same reason why a woman should get a taxi home, not walk by herself through a dark park in the middle of the night. Not because she shouldn't be allowed to. Well, she should be allowed to walk home at night. I should be allowed to put my money on the floor, but the world's not perfect and bad things happen. And people should take responsibility for themselves. The same way I will take responsibility for my money and put it in a bank, you should take responsibility for your personal safety and make sure you're not put in a position where something easily could happen to you. And they took that statement, all of the 20-minute conversation and condensed it into the fact that I said that women are responsible for their own rapes, which is garbage because that's what the MSM does. Just like Donald Trump said, fake news. As for being an alpha male, that's for other people to decide. I don't have to sit long and decide whether I am or not. Depends how you clarify it, depends how you want to quantify what an alpha male is. Am I successful? Am I capable? Am I competent? Yes. Can I do whatever I want to do? Yes. Have I ever failed? Truthfully? No. I consider myself an extremely fearsome predator, but it's up to other people to come to the ground. I give you time.  They can decide I'm something else if they decide, but I'm not too interested in anyone else's opinion but my own. So I would have to ask for more information on what an alpha male is before I could properly answer the question. Are you seeing the same thing in Germany? It's the same for you. Absolutely not. And I don't really see myself as a celebrity. Like I said, I treat all people with respect. I think that the hard working average normal man is far more important than most celebrities. I actually have more respect for the man who gets up at six o'clock every morning and goes and digs holes in the road and comes home late at night to feed his family than I do for most celebrities. I'll be honest because he has a much harder existence than most celebrities do. And I will treat him with absolute respect. So I'm respectful to all people. Bianca is very nice last time I spoke to her. She was always nice to me. I have nothing bad to say about Bianca. I can't comment on all of Tristan's love life. I'm not sure what he's up to all of the time, but I'm sure he's enjoying himself.  And yeah, I don't view myself as a person with X amount of views, so I'm above X amount of people. I don't do that. I just live my life and tell the truth and it is what it is. And I'll have conversations with anyone, famous or otherwise. I don't see myself as above anybody. I have no contracts with her and I have not even spoken to her a senior in a long time, but last time I spoke to her it was a very nice conversation and I have nothing bad at all to say about her and her along with all people on earth. I wish her peace and happiness and the best and I hope she is smiling every single day. And if I see her on the street, I'll make sure I say hello as far as it goes. It's so interesting. The press said, I only love my children to get out of jail. If that doesn't prove my point earlier that everything the press says is garbage. That is the bottom line proof. Anybody watching this who is thinking maybe Andrew is lying, maybe they don't just lie all the time, maybe they print.  truth now and again. They said, I only love my children to get out of jail. Think about Asinine and ridiculous studies. Obviously that is false because all they do is lie. Secondly you found supposedly the press supposedly found some ex-girlfriend of mine who supposedly said bad things. If this person's real, which I highly doubt she is because the press who she just makes stuff up, we should go through Bookerrest and interview 20 random men. And we should interview them and we should interview all their ex-girlfriends. And I bet all of their ex-girlfriends probably have something bad to say about them. And we're going to start putting people in jail because men's ex-girlfriends say something bad. I think you're going to have to build much bigger jails. It's crazy. What's the point of being simple? You're the only one who's the only one who's the only one. Yes, absolutely. I love everyone more than myself. I love my children more than I love myself. I would die for my brother. I would die for my mother. I love a bunch of people more than myself. In fact, my entire life is putting people above me, putting other people's happiness above me. I believe that's what men do. Men stayed on the Titanic for the women and children.  When you're a man, you're responsible for other people's physical and emotional happiness. Of course, I wake up every day and work so that other people can enjoy the fruits of my labor. That's all I do. Every single person I love, in many ways I love more than I love myself, and I think that every man who is capable is exactly the same. When are you going to marry me? I see God in all things. I get often asked about my reversion to Islam and people want me to compare it to Christianity or the religions that I refuse to do that because I don't feel qualified. I'm a student of Islam, I am learning about the religion and I don't ever see myself qualified to speak of God in an authoritarian manner. I am below God And I respect God and I respect His plans for me as the best of planners. I believe the world needs more God. I believe there is one God. Perhaps you can see different religions as different languages to say the same thing.  Perhaps you can say the same sentence in different languages that mean the same thing. I'm not here to argue about different types of religion, but I think the world would be a better place if everybody was religious. And when you look at a lot of the problems in the world today, it's because people have forgotten that they are constantly watched and constantly judged. And if they steal with nobody watching, somebody else is still watching and they will pay the price for that. I chose Islam for a bunch of personal reasons. I feel God inside of Islam. It'd be very difficult for me to explain why I just do, but I respect all people of the book and all people who worship God and all people who go to their place of worship and live true lives. Those are my kind of people. And the only people I'm wary of or the only people I'm suspicious of is when somebody comes to me and says, there is no God, nothing matters. And when I meet those people, they're far more intimidating to me than any religious extremist. I think those are the people who will truly snake you or hurt you without any consequence. Those are the people who do the most famous actions.  Africa, I'll be Android 8. Firstly, last time I cried was when my father died. And it's not because I couldn't stop myself crying. I could have easily stopped myself by allowing myself to cry out of respect for him, because I believe he deserved it as a market of respect. And I've not cried since because not because I try not to. I just genuinely don't feel the need. It's not very conducive to a solution. I'm solution and logic orientated, and I don't see the point in crying, it doesn't get much done. So that's the last time I cried. I have fears, I have things I don't like. I don't like. I don't like the ocean. I don't like the dark water. Sharks and I have this crazy agreement. If I don't go in the water, they won't come to my house. And so far, it's been perfect. So I don't want to upset the sharks, because everyone says there are no sharks, but you can't really see in there, there might be. So as long as I don't want sharks to turn up in my door like decal, I'm going to stay out of the ocean. So I don't like the ocean.  Maybe that's it. Heights, I'm not a big fan of heights, but I've been paragliding up in skydiving, but I'm not a big fan of it. But that's really it. Nothing else I'm truly afraid of. I'd like to give a more philosophical and deep interesting answer. But I could give an answer regarding how I'm afraid of failing my bloodline and failing my dynasty and people forgetting the name tape because I wasn't exceptional enough. And I could probably talk for hours about that. But truthfully, I don't live in fear. I don't think that fear can be a powerful moto. And fear can certainly make you strong sometimes when you take it and you feel nervous and you put it in the correct direction. I felt nervous before every fight and it made me react quicker. So I think fear can be useful. But in general, I don't live in fear because I have absolute faith in God and I tell the truth and I believe that he's the best of planners and everything is planned out. Exactly how it's supposed to be and that the bad people will face justice and the good people will walk free. So I live with a pure heart and I'm happy. I don't have time for fear except for sharks.  when danger is generated? First things first, to clarify that initial sentence, I was talking on a western dating show and we were discussing how, when a woman truly loves, a man, she adopts a lot of the man's worldviews. If a woman truly loves, a man, she might like the same interests she likes or the same song she likes or the same political party he likes. It's pretty common in normal and set of relationships. When I was discussing it, another guy crossed me on the panel says, well, I just married my wife and she doesn't like any of my things. And I said, well, probably because she because she had 10 men she loved before and she's tired of it. She's been through a bunch of love and hate and breakups. And now she doesn't want to adhere to any of your worldviews. That's why that's what I answered. And he said, well, how would I avoid her and having men before me? And then we talked about how men who get with younger women, she's less likely to have relationships, et cetera, et cetera. It was a long conversation. That's the first thing I want to clarify there. Second thing, how dangerous is Cobra Tate? Cobra Tate is dangerous when he needs to be. I think any man who is capable is capable of violence. If you're a weakling as a man, if you're a complete weakling who can never be violent or do dangerous.  things, you're not a good man. Instead, you're just a coward and a weakling. You have to have the capability to be violent. The capability to do bad things and decide not to. There is a time and a place for all things in this world, including violence. There's a time and a place for a big, strong man to come along and be violent to protect somebody. So I'm extremely dangerous if I decide to be. However, I have absolutely mental control and I understand when it's applicable and when it isn't. And I think any good man possesses that capability. When a weak man says violence is wrong, who cares about your opinion? Because you don't have the capability to be violent. It doesn't matter what you think. You can't do it even if you need to. Someone could break into your house and assault your mother. You couldn't be violent. So who cares what you think? All good men are dangerous. We just decide to not be dangerous unless we have to be dangerous. So how dangerous am I? Absolutely. I'm a very, very dangerous person. If somebody were to try and hurt someone I care about and love, they would. Example concrete. In India, something else. If somebody assaulted my girlfriend or tried to damage one of my children, they would face repercussion like they've never seen. Thank you, time. They would face a repercussion like they've never seen and could not expect. Can I absolutely.  would be a formidable opponent in all realms. Of course, I would protect my family. Absolutely. I want to know what you've done with your own hands. I can tell you how much you've been told. I don't want to talk about things I've done in the past for reasons, but I am capable of doing what needs to be done to protect the people I care about, and I think all good men are. Far-alimite? Sometimes life is limitless, unfortunately, yes. Yeah, I guess I just want to say, I think there's a lot of confusion from people about why I chose Romania. They don't understand why a rich foreigner would choose Romania instead of Monaco or Dubai or the places they normally move. And I think not a lot of Romania's actually appreciate how beautiful their country is. You have a country which is safe on the streets. There's God on every corner. You can see churches everywhere. You have amazing nature. You have beautiful food. You have kindhearted people. In general, women can walk around at night without danger. Children are out playing without danger. I mean, it's not a perfect country, of course, and it has its problems like all countries do. I think all in all, it's a truly beautiful city.  and I'm 0% Romanian in any regard. I just came here to visit a long time ago. And I liked it, and I fell in love with the place, and I decided to make a life here. And Romania does suffer from a terrible international reputation. Most people outside of Romania who've never been here don't understand how beautiful and safe it is. And I've tried very hard for a long time to make people understand that it's actually a great place. And I feel like I've been a massive beacon for the country for a very long time, because everyone was so intrigued why I chose to live here. And I think the country is improving. I've been here seven years, and in the seven years I've been here, I've seen a lot change. And I guess all in all, I just want to say that I do love this country. I think it's a fantastic place to live a life, and I'm not going to leave. I'm not going to leave because a corrupt prosecutor is trying to make himself famous. I will not leave Romania ever. And I want to stay. I don't want to stay here for a long time. I want to stay here. But even when I can leave, I have no intention of leaving. I want to stay here and live a life here. And I hope Romania's reputation is repaired, despite this.  persons corrupt actions. Thank you very much. Thank you. I want to suggest thank you.