 Andrew Tate, speaking of Donnie, Tate was in house arrest in Romania. Was. And Trump actually intervened to pressure the State Department to release him. Which they're denying, by the way, I guess it's worth noting. And so is the Romanian government. However, the report about it happening claimed that they had like three or four sources on this, that this happened. Well, that's where all these shitheads are. I mean, now we, it's so, that's the next thing we're going to talk about. But the PBD podcast, that's based in Florida, right? By polar disorder podcast. No. PBD. PBD. All right. By Patrick Bet. Oh, right. Bet David. Yeah. Patrick Bet David. Polar by these knots. Yeah. I hate him. These guys are such fucking hack. Fords.  Imagine actually inviting Andrew Tate and during this conversation, he's talking to, I opened this just randomly this morning, watched it live and this little rat fuck is talking to Tate about Epstein's human trafficking. And how he has a Christian is so against it and all this. And I'm like, you are a fucking... They're in the house, too. You're a dumb bucket. You're a bucket of scum. That's... You are morally bankrupt in every conceivable sense. Jump. There's a video of him beating the shit out of a minor. I'm pretty sure she was 17 at the time. Yeah. The video of him beating up that girl, she was 17 in the video. I was 18. We were like 16. Yeah. And he was like a... Play, we were...  playing, doing like, how do you call that fucking roleplay? No, well, I don't know what kind of roleplay. He was being a shite ever, but he was, he was consensual. But didn't she come out and say I was like 15 or 16? That wasn't consensual. I think she did. But that's on tape. I don't think she came out. I think they just figured it out. They figured out her age. They raised her age yet. Well, I don't think you can consent at 16. That's the whole point. Yeah, beat me up. Fucking rate me and beat me up. I consent. So that's on camera. And then he's also on camera during his little training seminars that he used to shoot. Talking about how to defraud. You're fucking, you're working women. How to control them with violence, threat of violence. And these guys are just straight up, straight on their show. It's nauseating. Trump administration presses the Romanian, Remanians to lift a wrist.  on Andrew tape. Why would he care? Why would Donald Trump do this? So, I mean, obviously he's appeared on all these this corner of the podcasting circle, you know what I mean? Did he, in fact, did he interview Trump? I can't recall. He went on a bunch, but anyways, I think somebody got in his ear. So, I think that's overlooked in my opinion a lot, is that this PPD guy and a bunch of other alpha dudes in this sphere, they about six months ago all went on a like a food dinner, they were invited with dinner with Baron Trump. And Trump has said that that's where that kind of connection comes from, because of Baron. So Baron is his son's shitbag. He's super into all these alpha dudes. So in my personal opinion, allegedly, that he probably for some reason.  his son is one of these. There you go, there's conservative shit bags, then yeah, I could see Trump tears. That's the dinner I'm referring to. Oh God, it was his son. Yeah, so I think he's totally facilitating all these things. This is even like the good, like the primo. He's like the most shit tier fucking alpha influencers. Like holy shit, this is Mr. tight pants on his right. I look at that little fucking shirt he has under his. Yeah, of course, he's got to wear the such a fucking Lamo. And not to give Trump any credit on this, because he actually doesn't know what's going on in his administration, because when they're on the press conference, they asked him about like, take just flu in Florida, what do you think about it? He was like, I know nothing about it, who is and rotate like I've never heard about it. Yeah, fuck it. So I wouldn't even give him this come credit because those people are acting on his behalf without even him knowing about it. So yeah.  I mean, it could be. Yeah, I mean, it might have not been Trump that personally ordered it or whatever, but it certainly, it's his camp. Yep. It was very good that it was Dr. B. Anyway, I'm back. The interview they tried to stop. What do you shut the fuck up? Bro, you are such a scumbag. Holy shit. This guy made a living scamming people with multi-level marketing. And now he's running to suck on the cock of a human trafficker who beats children up. What a, dude, the world is crazy. I don't know, what can you say? It's just mad. Yeah. It's just mad. Yeah, it is. Ha ha. Oh, look at, I mean, look. Oh my god. Look at this fucking intro, man. If anything ever made you want to.  I don't know if this music is copyright. Yeah, the rock Jesus. I hate that. I knew I hated him. Yep Tony Robbins the fucking Brett Bolsonaro what's his name? Wait, yeah, oh shit. You're right The former president of Brazil Argentina right no Brazil. Oh, yeah, Brazil. Oh, it's Brazil. Wait. Okay. I was thinking of someone else Yeah, this guy's like the Maga of Brazil. Yes, and then the football guy Oh, no, I was thinking of that other Oh, no, oh, no, don't let don't let cam see this Alex fucking Jones dude, oh no, oh no, I boys even a spin This isn't there. Oh get him out of there He didn't even invite you on one time. I think so all these guys have tried to invite Anthony Wiener on the right that sure is Thank you. That's mr. Wiener mr. Wiener Wow, ironically  he lost his job and was completely annihilated career wise because he was showing his winner to people No way yep, and his name is weener It is a Oh, that's fucking crazy. He was taking weener picks true story And he was caught multiple times multiple time he was like a huge up-and-coming Like everyone was super hyped on him. He was just destined to do that shit on He got caught he kept doing it. So he is mr. Weiner that's kind of not he's kind of packing though to be honest What you've seen it. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I saw one that where you see like it's it doesn't it's not out It's like in his underwear or something. Hmm. Okay interesting. But yeah, anyway, this still we do Oh, Trump was out there. Yeah, I thought Kobe When there was Kobe on here. How long ago to Kobe pass? 2020 so I don't see any branding in the background there what  So maybe this is just like what kind of bullshit is this hold on type Kobe Bryant? When was he on I feel like this is a little bullshit. Yeah, cuz in the other ones there's been branding in the background There's no branding there. It's from five years ago. Oh, wow. He did interview He was doing the show five years ago. Yeah, this is from 2019 and I believe he died in early 2020 so it would have been God imagine if that was his last interview Okay, baby Carrange Oh, so if you specifically wanted the Epstein stuff I sent a timestamped link in the discord there who is watching this shit just look at him Like who wants to watch their dad's podcast He ppd done a couple of podcasts with Tate previously and both of them are like 15 million views Yeah, I know why he's doing it. Yeah, so it's just like he's on the spree completely moral bankruptcy They have no  convictions it is this man has completely sold out his convictions to platform a known child fucking sex trafficker for views and what a hack what a pathetic weasel okay so it's episode five five five with the one and only Andrew Tate we did it one what I'm gonna do this wasn't that great and not worth it I didn't deliver it with conviction at all yeah you were scared to drop it I think so I did okay I see it though I mean I mean he look okay so anyway he looks like let me say how to phrase this in better way but it's just what's with on he looks like Walmart matrix guy I was just about to say the same like his he looks really cheap for an alpha guy who wants to look like  like the richest man in the world. Look at that beard, like God, man, you can do something else with that in the T-shirt. Look at those sloping beta shoulders. Not strong at all. And sunglasses to hide your tears, man. I don't know, that's not alpha. Okay, that's true, that's true. It looks like a thumb. He's all a lot of skin from his lip up. It's just all skin. Well, let's not fault him for that too much. You have, he has more, I don't know, he's got more skin than you. I put the bean in your mouth. Right here, both. There's more skin. He's got more skin in there. Yeah, he's got more skin. The first time I think was in Madrid, secondhand was in Romania. Third time is in the States. He's in the flesh. He's here on the set. Andrew, it's great to have you on. Oh, it's very good to see you. Yes, it's good to see you. It's been a while. Was it been two years? It's been two years. It's been two years since we did a last interview. Let me see what he's got. Oh, he's got a puttek. He's right.  There we go. It's not a rose gold patek. Tate's watches, they're like, next level. What money? I can't tell what kind it is, but that's definitely. Looks like a gold noddle, is that? It's definitely a rose gold noddle, so I don't know what type. But you're looking at at least 150,000 for that up. And Romania, which became right after your friendly meeting you have with BBC, which was fantastic. They treated you royally. You remember that whole setup? I'm not sure if anyone remembers that report or though, I think she's fallen into insignificance. It's kind of interesting how they sit me down and try and grill me when no one even cares who they are. What has to be the guy that we had on, right? The Jake Paul guy. Well maybe, but that aside, who gives it fuck who the report, like what does he talk? What does he talk about? What is the reporter needs to be an influencer? If the reporter isn't famous enough, what are you doing interviewing you? What are we talking about? The interviewer is not clouded up. Please sub me that it really ever had.  because he's actually very good question. Where is she? I don't even know what she does. That's not a good question. That's not a good question at all. Totally mood. Totally mood. Totally. And if I had to guess, she's probably still doing exactly what she did before. It's just like why would you? I'm just going to eat you to leave you. I'll often tell you like following specific journalists, you know? That's what she vanished. I guess the USA money dropped. She vanished. I gotta look at her. I gotta look at her. I mean, these people sit down. I was offended by her for various reasons. The first one being when I was in jail, they were begging me for an interview, promising to tell my side of the story, and highlight how people in Romania can be locked up without charges. And she said that she was going to ask the very interesting and pertinent questions about the Romanian judicial system. Turns out she hijacked me. Turns up to my house with all these stupid hit piece questions instantly to get me when I go out of jail. I had nightmares completely sleep. I mean, like I'm asking you tough questions. Is that what he means by hit piece? Okay, I think I found it. Lucy Williamson is her name.  Is that like the most important thing to talk once you get on the podcast after you've been like jailed for years? So he's like anyways this BBC reporter. That's the main thing. Let's start from here. Let me watch hopefully to where I tuned in before we're well, if you want that time Just read the update thing. It's the time stamp. It's way later, but I time stamp it in the chat. I clicked what you time stamped in. Oh, okay Yeah, that's a way to answer some reason. You should do that. Absolutely, but these people are incapable of having rational subjective conversations ever and that is why we end up in the positions we end up in Great breakdown. We can move on from this topic and talk about something. How about a light topic? We've been too heavy. Let's talk Epstein a little bit Guys Ironie is not On anybody About Epstein how fucking dare you even sit what is happening?  penny since saying no so for and like the like ratio on point well yeah I mean it just happened it's mostly gonna be his fans but yeah I mean of course it's gonna have a good time I get more hate the napstein though you don't he's dead no you definitely don't if you were dead people would stop talking about you to probably pretty soon well people haven't stopped talking about obscene talking about them all the time everybody was talking about him just last week when the government literally Rick roll yeah Republicans their own constituency that cares very much about this topic with a fucking Rick roll video yeah I knew I see people a me more than Jeffrey at this me more than Jeffrey at this day I knew something came to my heart what he does is I think I figured out is he projects a lot it's not a whisper he's actually projecting so it's like part of what I know that I went  I don't get an exam sentence half. I guess pretty decent. Is it good or bad? Is it getting better? It's getting better. You're right. That was a good adjustment that you made. Yeah. Yeah, it's fucking, it's just, the world is crazy. I don't know what to do. I mean, yeah. No, there's human trafficking crap. They hang on me more with no convictions. No, a single picture of a victim. I mean, I've seen the video of you beating up a child. And the video of you, like I shut up, bro. I wish that he would actually get an interview with somebody that would challenge him at all. BPD, biggest bitch. Paul used to the word, just the only one that fits with the acronym. It does. Biggest bitch department. There's a Tristan Tate and Tiggery Drinking. Oh, it's back where you're drinking. Like I was, it's not that crazy. It's crazy. Then it would be pretty big, like no word close. You're right. It's a P B D. Um, pretty bad.  Bad dudes. There you go. They all did. The pretty bad dudes podcast is what I like to call it. Pretty big douche. Pretty big dick is what I call me if I was on it. Oh, okay. That's inappropriate. Sorry about that. Paul G's. Apologies. I don't know. Not a single girl on the news saying I hurt her zero. I get more hate than that. There is a literal accuser in the UK that went to the police and said you raped her, which is why you're wanted in the UK. Team. Well, we've never heard this guy's voice. We only heard the leading voices in the world. I wonder if it's because the people who were on his island own the media. It's people. Have a question, Mike? What is he wearing? Is that an AP? Is that it? His watches are all like diamond out and shit. Just like overkill. I'm curious. Maybe people who are on his list. Especially diamonds on the bracelet. It's like, dude. No. No. Dude. On the media. They're like, no, we didn't do human traps.  This guy did let me tell you the only thing I've ever tried to do with a girl in my house is get her out Because having sex is When he's saying that is he referring to the time when police had to raid his house to free like one girl from His place because he's begging her to leave. Yeah, come get her out Man if these guys even looked into this like at all. I mean do they do they know? Yes, they know I think that's the worst part they know but For some reason this man gets a pass Because as we learned Patrick bad devids and is so much against child Trafficking rape and everything. Yeah pull up that tweet. He wants to like start Desk He put out a tweet saying we should execute He'll be traffickers unless you're entertained  didn't actually add that part. Phil drops it. Nate, stop. You know it's a part of the know, you know? NATO, am I in the thumbnail? No, I'm shooting ropes bro. He's very excited. There's no war on this front. NATO. Very excited. Can you drop his tweet about? It's in the doc I'm trying to pull his credit. It's dropping out. Here it is. Please leave. Please, the taxi's outside. Yeah, yeah, tomorrow. I'll definitely see you tomorrow. 100%. I'm a bit busy. I promise, please go home. Yeah, I'm sure. I'm so sure that that's what your conversations are like. Here is Patrick Bet David. Fuck yeah. The biggest sleaze bag in the world. And 24 last year, the end of last year. So actually, this was like three months ago. Yeah, not that long ago. Is this too extreme of an idea? Any, okay, he's talking about illegal immigrants. Well, he's not, well, I mean, Andrews.  He is a US citizen. No, he's not. He's a US citizen. What since when? He's dual citizen. He was born in US. I think yeah, he's a US citizen. Oh, no, I didn't know he ever lived here. I'm not sure about the specifics, but I've seen that many times. In fact, I in the article I was reading about him coming back to the states they they mentioned that he has US citizenship. Yeah, his sister lives here. Okay. Yeah, there you go. Patrick, bet David support. Oh, yeah. Is this too, is your even idea any legal immigrant who commits a crime should face five times the punishment of someone here legally, but that, especially US citizen, why would you want to keep them in our prison system and pay for them and definitely that does you make well, don't worry the next program. I don't think care that or and an automatic death penalty, automatic guilty of rape, murder, drug or child traveling. I'm going to go on a limb here and say, we just found guilty and he has not even found guilty of this.  I'll say I'll go on a limb and say that I think this stuff is bad even if it's done by legal right? I'm very much against the death penalty but the one people that in my opinion deserve to get that would be child, I mean pedophiles probably. But even then, the thought of just killing one innocent person is too risky of a proposition. They were falsely convicted, you mean? Yeah, I mean, that's happened so many times. Maybe just to be safe. Yeah. I was on clear on what that was even directed towards so I wasn't sure.  Anyways, any hit, the fact that my brother and I get more hate for human trafficking than Epstein shows how susceptible people are to Matrix programming. I mean, let me, before we move on, you don't get more hate than Epstein. That's an insane fucking statement. Epstein is like the most famous like child trafficker fucking dirt bag ever. Like by a lot. Yeah. There's several documentaries about it. Like just like culturally he's like the like face of that stuff at this point. Yeah. Like, it's 100%. Well, coming in a close second might be Andrew. He seems jealous. A little bit. He seems a little jealous of Jeffrey Epstein. I'm going to be honest. I want to make this very clear because everyone at home watching this, you need to check yourself. Check yourself. Do a self diagnostic. If you can get a visceral emotional reaction to somebody you've never met because of something the media has said, you are a slave. I do not have that reaction.  because of anything the media said, I have it from the videos I've watched of you saying this thing. That's an insanely stupid. It's not the media, bro. It is media that you created. He says videos about anyone should never sway your opinion. He's saying if you're hearing it from the media, but in his case, it's completely irrelevant. The videos are videos that he made, that he published, that are freely of it. People share freely on the internet, and you can watch right now of you saying, in your own words, why are you fucking scumbag? Like, it's very straight, like, there's no matrix here, dude. There's sheep. There's no matrix. It's just, there's a one for one, one degree of separation here. Also, where did he, where did he learn about Epstein from? He learned it from the media, so he shouldn't believe that one, I think. Wait, literally. There's no, he didn't know Epstein or Dedy. I'd like to know if he did. Maybe he did. Maybe that's for sure. I'm slave. If the media can sit down and tell you one side of a story.  and make you feel strong. That's a great point, Galle. He's literally saying that Epstein is innocent. Yes. Rehearsing. Resurrect Epstein. Like, damn. Did you see, speaking of that, one of the conservative chip bag influencers that they gave those binders full of Epstein documents, the stuff that had already all been freely available for years, got called out because she has these posts on social media with a free JislaiN shirt on. Who does? One of the conservative influencers that they invited to the White House to give them those binders last week. That says what? Free JislaiN. And what's the, what is? JislaiN Maxwell, like the... It's a joke, right? No. No, just saying. But what's, why are we fringing? Oh, I saw the person. Well, what's... Oh. Oh my god. Just being a savior. You're all, man. You're on a...  She was saying, I don't know what I got covered up. She was saying that she has shirts free, G-Lane, and the reason being that... She thinks it's unfair that she's the only one that got punished and the men that participated in this got off, which like, I get what you're saying, but we don't have to free her. Like that's just like a fucking insane, like a funnish-y-can, you know what I mean? Yeah, it's like, no, she is bad, and it's good that she's in jail. It's like a conservative influencer. And emotionally and angry against an individual you've never met, and don't know the entire story of, you are slave-minded. My mind is so open. Ha ha ha. The actually, my brain is oxygenated, and I'm actually not willing to. It's almost transparent, it's so open, you cannot see it. My brain is so open, you can actually hear the whistle of a wind tunnel between my ears. Confirmed White House gave Epstein binder to supporter who wore free-  3G Laneshire, what? You, she went to the White House and that? No, no, no. Wait, that's her, I recognize her. Yeah, so she, that's so dumb. Or I guess, no, actually I think it's her. And then, yeah, here's the video that she posted, but then yeah, this is her. Which I went with. She was exposed for this, by the way, by Laura Lumer, who is just like, gotta be one of the, she's concerned. Yeah, she's conservative as fuck, but she, I have to imagine was pissed that she wasn't invited. So now she's just like 3G Lane lady, invited. There she is. Let me find the part where he's talking about, there's one little dude who is talking. Bob, that who resist, I still lack evidence. Sit, he do, this little dork who looks like a Western bartender. You see? Shalom. I'm the pay tax. All right, all right, all right, all right.  I'm not but you can't, I'm out, I'm out, I'm out. Here, here was her statement in response. My readers are very familiar with my stance on Jizz Lane. Free Jizz Lane slash convict her clients. That's my stance. Okay. Glad you clarified. You're fucking insane. Why do you wanna free her? Yeah, why free her? Like sure, convict her clients too, obviously. I think that's what majority of people, like this is one of the very few non-polarized things in politics. Yeah, I'm just breaking out. I've spent three years explaining this. Don't you have single mothers to harass Laura? That's all you have to, that's your explanation. That's okay. She wanna call in. I'd like to go through that with her a little bit. I find it absurd that one woman is serving Epstein's 20-year prison sentence while all the men involved are free and unbothered. See, that, okay, like I kind of understand what you're saying. And yeah, like I agree, the men that participate in this should also pay for it. But where does that translate into free her?  Why are we freeing her? Listen, she's very good at what she did. Like she's a monster. She's a motorway doctor. She's a go-getter and she's highly motivated. Great. People like that are hard to come by. It's a shame to lock her up, waste her talents. So that's these dipshits. Rhonda Santis, by the way. Surprisingly. We have no involvement in that. I read about it. Someone who's actually at least morally consistent on this issue. Yeah, this was surprising. He's religious. So at least he's standing on his shit and not being talking to Andriotay and being like, as a Christian, I can't support. Well, theoretically, all these guys are religious, I think. Anyway, someone asked me. It's an agree. The word was he was flying to Florida and someone asked to Santa's about it. Here's what he said. The media, clearly the federal government has jurisdiction whether they want to rebuff his entry into the United States and I have confidence that whether it's...  pambonda your christine home that they will be looking at that i do know our attorney general james myer is looking at what state hooks and jurisdiction we may have to be able to to deal with this but the reality is is um... no florida is not a place uh... where where you're welcome uh... with that with those that that type of conduct i'm in the air and i don't know how it came to this based i mean on ironically he's like it spit your shit right can't believe that there was that saying of a take from and in no subtle baron me baron yeah man and he just straight up was like he is not welcome in florida i mean that's that's about that's not a most calm you know something i'll take it he is not welcome but myer and gaines already made him a bad to slip in so i don't think well you if he's a citizen though i don't think he has much say i i didn't i don't think there's anything he is a dual citizen  there are lawsuits against states in the UK, which is kind of interesting because he needs to be extradited to basically go through those lawsuits because UK was waiting on Romania to finish first. Yeah, the US can hand them over, no problem. Right. I read something about that like that might be not the case and it's just a funny thought that the US would ruin that diplomatic relationship with the UK to save and rotate. It could be it could be once again Trump is playing 5D chess. Get him out here and then ship his ass to the UK. I will let's go Godkin. I will not stand back and stand by. I will not put too much hope in that being the case. If that does happen we need to revisit. I mean Trump doesn't play chess. He plays cards. The playing cards. He has all the playing cards. He has all the cards. He's got the trump cards and all the chips. And all  the treasures. Yeah, I mean that would be extremely funny but unfortunately I don't think that's happening.