 Hello friends, welcome to end of this another video Hello fans and friends. We're here with a very important member of European Parliament We have to be careful what we say of course otherwise we'll get more Euro poll notice is how many times have Euro poll put us on that red list Oh, I've been arrested also So he's the boss for today. So I'm gonna try my best to Be careful the questions I ask him, but we're gonna try and get some truth at the same time You know because he's the most transparent member of European Parliament. I'm a huge fan of it We've got a lot of his videos here where it goes through them all so today should be a very interesting and emergency meeting Glad you're all here for it You  Now, in our home countries in the UK, which we left the European Union and in Romania, we are current European Union member state. Everybody knows what the European Union is and what it does. However, I feel like the European Union kind of overestimates its own global importance. We have lots of viewers who will be joining us from places like the United States, South America, South Africa, who don't know or perhaps don't really care what the European Union is. So you are a member of this organisation. Also in Europe people don't care about Europe, bro. So what is the European Union and what is your job there? Well, hello ladies and gentlemen. I'm very excited to be here. I need to say first of all that everyone taught me to not come here. But I am okay to talk to anybody in the world and this is what true democracy.  So I'm very excited to be here and thank you for gas inviting me. So yes, I'm a member of the European Parliament the youngest man in the European Parliament. I'm 24 and What is the European Union? It's a very complicated organization that is functioning in a very complicated way. So I don't know you want me to explain how it's functioned. Unless in less than 60 seconds, if you're an American who doesn't know what it is, explain what it is. In the European Union, we don't have a president something like we'll have three institutions, four institutions is the European Commission which the president is Ursula Wunderlayer and they, one member country, we have 27 countries in the European Union put a minister kind of. Ursula Wunderlayer is like the ruler of the ministers and we have the European Parliament which is 720 members of the European Parliament that where I call the elect does well. And also we have the European Council which is where every country.  country sends their ministers. So it's very complicated, guys. That's why nobody cares about Europe. It's nobody understands it. And we have also the presidents of all the countries in Europe, the Council of the European Union, which kind of determine the fallen policy of Europe. So to pass a law and a regulation, these three institutions in the European Commission, the European Parliament and the Council, they need to agree together, which they almost never do. They do, but in a very complicated way. That's why there is very slow, there is a lot of regulation. Also there is 70,000 people working in this bureaucratic system, which is interesting. I only need to stay in the beginning. I'm a European lover. I think European Union is helping more than is taking, but we can get into this more later. I love you all. Yeah, there's a very interesting conversation we can have here. And my brother's interested in some specific details, but I must say, I love the fact that you're so transparent, based on...  the fact you were recently elected to the European Parliament and you've taken over TikTok and taken over social media by being so transparent and trying to make people at home understand how these things work. And I was wondering if you could do me a favor, sir. I'm going to ask you some questions and I would love you to answer in one word if you can because I think that this quick fire around, I wasn't going to do at the end, but let's do it now at the beginning and you answer one word, yes, no, or one word. I think it'd be good to let everybody at home understand some things about Europe and understand the world. Are you okay with that? Is that okay? We do that. Yes, all right. Ready? Oh my God. Ready? Okay. Is democracy real? Ah, no, I think we'll have the illusion of democracy in Europe. So no, it's not real. I love how great. So no, that was all right. Does the media tell the truth? No, always.  Do the people in the European Parliament have any real power to affect the lives of people inside their country? Altogether, yes, but the majority are always kind of what the system wants in the biggest party. So they control behind the door the majority and a lot of the times is what the parties want from before. So if you had to say yes in it, would you say members of European Parliament can change the lives of their people at home? No, single members of the European Parliament, no, they cannot change anything. I'm trying to understand the system. I'm fine with getting arrested. Don't get him arrested. Next question. Are members of the European Parliament somehow making a lot of money more than their wages? Would you estimate? Would you say yes or no? Some people are getting very rich somehow. I think it's the minority, very few people, but I think this is true. Okay.  That last question is not yes or no. Which country in Europe do you think has the best leader currently? Ah, I don't know enough information to answer this. I apologize. Oh no, okay. Next question. I would say Hungary. By the way, I need to say that inside the parliament they hate Viktor Orbán. Do you know why? Because he cares about his people. Well, that's why. I could guess why. Well, they have him is the devil of the European Parliament. It is the devil because he cares about his people. So when he came to speak and all this time it was a huge debate for the weeks, do the biggest party will attend there or they will leave him alone to talk in their room. And it's like, it's interesting conversation. But what is this democracy to live from the debate? Of course it's not. I don't know. And the fact that you have a conversation. Even if we like or dislike, I think we should be open to his idea. The fact that the person they hate the most being a nationalist doesn't that say that they  want to have overarching power. It's interesting. Can a country you serve the European Union? EG, if France decides law is X and the European Union decides law is Y, can France go against the European Union or is the European Union in charge of France is in all those laws? I think it depends. I'm not 100% sure, but I think it depends on each topic. There is some topics that the member states can choose, but there is some topics that before they come to the European Union, we agree that this is our common rules that we are. Do members of the European parliament care what the people who represent they're supposed to represent even want? Do they ever talk about what their people want? Do you ever heard a member of the European parliament talk about what their people want? Yes, I think they care, but it's hard because a lot of people don't care about the European parliament, they don't care. So even if nobody questions them, nobody like would see if they voted wrong or not only in the bubble. Nobody if you go and ask in the EU.  streets in the European Union, who is your favorite member of the European, how the European Union factions, what they voted about, these very important bills, mercoses are grim or whatever, nobody will know. And that's the problem, there's no accountability, there's no fault, they can do whatever they want and there is no, and I want to hold them accountable. Do you think they take advantage of the fact that nobody's really keeping an eye on them to just do whatever they want? Well, I think this is human behavior all the time. Of course. Yes, yes or no, what would you say? Yes, I will say, yes, either way, I understand I'm a European lover, but we need to be critic of what the European Union is doing to improve it. Yes, so this is the thing, there is a lot of things that we can improve, the European Union is amazing, it helps like, especially for Cyprus, I'm from Cyprus, I land Mediterranean and it's like there is studies that happen where getting the most benefits in the European Union and whatever we bring to the table.  So there is a lot of beautiful things about the European Union. Does the European Union try to influence the elections in countries for leaders they want? Da, da, da! You dropped the bomb. Da, da, da! What? Uh, is there a question? That's enough, sorry if you can. Well, this is a topic that we need to get with Tristan in to discuss. Yeah, okay, let's go. All right, let's go. I'm ready. Let's go. So I think we'll have similar opinions about this, but recently Moldova, we're talking before that you wanted to say what you think about. What happened in Moldova, what happened in Georgia? These are countries, guys, in the close to the European Union. More tests that are trying to be inside the European Union that they applied and all this time, they're in this process of getting the European Union. Well, the important thing is I don't really believe in interfering in elections in the way that the European Union says that they do. So they say Russia's interfered in this election. Obviously, the European Union...  does exactly the same thing for the candidates. They like in the election. I don't believe in it. Let's say us three or all citizens of Moldova or all citizens of Spain or France. And this guy here off the camera, this guy is making videos for Candidate A. Okay? We're watching Candidate A and what Candidate A has to say because he's making videos. Let's pretend he's Chinese. It doesn't matter where he's from. If I as a citizen of France see a candidate running for the parliament of France and I like what he says on video and I cast my vote as a Frenchman, I don't see that as interference at all because the people inside the country still have voted for the person who they want to win. You see what when they say the European Union is influencing or Russia is influencing, Russia's not sending millions of people to Europe to vote in the elections. They're not changing the ballots. They're just maybe putting the voice up. Maybe putting the voice out of a French of a French candidate who they want to win in France. I don't see that as interference at all.  As example, my country side is very small. So any interference from the United States to make some money and to interfere in the election, like, do we really, do we want to allow this in democracy to happen? Well, how do you, how do you define, not how do you define interference? Because you got voted for because you went really big on social media. People like what you had to say. Now, let's say I liked you and I'm a British man. I liked you. And before you ran, I was resharing your videos. I have a very big following. I have millions of people who listen to what I say. Does that count as British interference if more people see your videos? Because I've shared them because I had a massive platform. Then you, is that British interference in the election? Because it's your words convincing your people. Well, it's interesting. Well, how many of you, but what is an organization, an organization that's happening, a lot of people that have vested interest for you together. And so it's like for you, because you are independent, I think, and you have the right to do it, I think. But when countries come and do interference.  But I think this is not exactly the conversation that we need to have. Because what the European Union can, let's say in Moldova, the European Union went and did a lot of streets, they paid a lot of money, millions of dollars. And they're not a member of state. And they're not. They brought them. But the same thing Russia did in a way. Like they went and gave to a lot of older people, money and all this stuff. So this is the question, why do you draw the line on interference and influence? And it's like, this is the hard question. But this is a broader question for all laws in the world today, even nothing to do with politics in the European Union. The broader question is this, laws have now become so far reaching and so subjective. Everybody is guilty of everything all the time. Of course, the European Union influences politicians. Of course, outside factors influence politicians. Of course, somebody's opinion on TikTok and influence of opinion. Of course, everybody is influencing everything always. What they do is subjectively choose and decide who they're going to accuse of these.  crimes, lie by omission when the other people do it. Think how insane it is to accuse a country of being influenced by Russia because of some TikToks when the entire MSM apparatus within that country is pro-European, fought sponsored by the EU and pushing the EU agenda and then even talking about influence. So it's just selective choice. Everyone's influencing everything and they just selectively choose and decide who to prosecute and who to purport as the bad guy. That's the actual true red pill against nearly all laws. And whenever they have any 1% of an inkling or an idea, an idea that Russia in any way, a Russian TikTok account or a Russian YouTube account has posted X number of videos. It doesn't matter that no Russians are here meddling with the votes. They claim Russian interference and they interject in the elections and they try to call them unconstitutional, which I think is extremely scary because there is not a single reason. And I'm going to say this is going to get me into some trouble. And I'll talk about Romania as well. Romania, Moldova, Georgia, all these states that have historically, they have a very long  history with their local superpower. And this is something that I want to get across to all voters in Eastern Europe, whether it be Poland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, what you have to understand is there are three major superpowers in the world, China, Russia, and America. What's crazy to me is how the mainstream media convinces people in Moldova or Ukraine, like they did, that their local superpower isn't Russia and they convince people in places like Moldova and Ukraine to look in the mirror and see Western faces. Moldovan people after listening to the media will look in their bathroom mirror and say, you know what? Yeah, we're NATO. We're just like the Americans I want to be on their team because I'm speaking as an American here and not a European. If you put a Russian and a Ukrainian and a Georgian and a Moldovan in the same room and make them speak their own languages, every single American will be like, oh, it's a bunch of Russians. To America, they're all Russians. However, they've nitpicked these very small differences between Russian culture, Ukrainian culture, Moldova culture, Georgian culture.  and they somehow convince everybody in Eastern Europe that their local superpower and their best friend is all the way over on the other side of the Atlantic. What is wrong, I'm asking you as a member of European parliament, with a country in the European Union wanting to be friends with its local superpower, which is Russian. I have another, I actually have another argument towards it. Go ahead. And my view on all of these things is simple. They need a boogie man. Oh, they need a boogie man. The whole world needs a boogie man, right? What do you mean by that? I mean that. A monster, an enemy, a unified. So you need to have a boogie man. You need to have a villain. You need to have an enemy. So the truth is this, if you do not say Russia interfered in the elections, then you have to admit that you're going against democracy because democracy is a lie. As you just said earlier yourself, and I've been saying for a very long time, democracy is not real. The European Union doesn't want anyone to vote in a competent nationalist. If they do, they want that to be overthrown because democracy is not real. They can't admit it's them. So they want to blame someone else. They can't, who they going to blame? They have to blame somebody. So they just choose Russia.  When they explain later what you mean that democracy is not real because we had a conversation because it's very controversial statement to say that democracy is not real. Yeah, but when they have elections and they don't like the outcome of the elections, they give you two choices. Now the thing that's actually interesting is usually those two choices are on the same team. If you do manage to get two choices on opposing teams, if the opposing team wins, they have to get rid of that person, so they redo the election and they have to blame Russia. They either blame Russia or China because there's no one else to anyone else will believe is powerful enough to somehow affect the election. I think it's garbage head to toe. Most people with a functioning brain realize it's garbage head to toe. Why is it when you always vote for a competent nationalist who cares about his people, more than he cares about the European Union, it was somehow Russia. And whenever it's anyone else is all fine and there's no talk of the example before you interject the examples is this. Moldova votes for the pro-European candidate, they want to be European Union. Everyone's happy for Moldova, okay? They all speak Russian in Moldova by the way, almost 100% of the population they speak Romanian and Russian, they speak two languages.  Georgia does the same thing. And Gagaloo's. And Gagaloo's, the Orthodox Christian Turks, you know, more about Moldova than I thought. Well done, sir. Yeah, they speak Turkish. When Georgia does the same thing and they vote their non-European union person, why are their protests, riots, unrest, fire bombs going on in Georgia? And why do the people who sit in your house doing the same job as you say, yes, we need to be with the Georgian people who are protesting on the streets? Why didn't they do that with Moldova? Why is Russia the bad guy? Well, that's exactly where I agree with you guys because I don't like that we are stating us the European Union, we are the good guys and they are the bad guys, which we are doing is the same thing, trying to influence the country to come towards us. So I think the label in the other people as, but I think if tied to influence as much as you want, give them money for roads, give them, but when they decide, they decide, they don't make it, that is post-antemocratic, this was a bullshit election, say all this  that label them all to your favor. That's my problem that you are making the other persons, but you are doing the same thing. What? Go on, Tristan. So, why, as a Cypriot, and I guess Cypriot, I mean, Cyprus used to be part of the British Empire, didn't it originally, and Greece is considered to be part of Western Europe, because they never fell behind the Iron Curtain. It's a more Western European country. If you're Greek or if you're Cypriot, certainly ideologically, why does the European Union not want any Eastern European nations to be friends with Russia, which is their local superpower? Why do they oppose and call candidates pro-Russian, pro-Putin, when really they just want to buy cheap energy and be friends? Why do they hate that so much? I don't know. It's a good question. But I think, like, do you know, Messheimer, Professor Messheimer, is a very cool guy, and his philosophy, I agree with him, that we are living an arkiic world. So, with countries, we don't have democracy towards the countries together, we have democracy inside this country.  kind of like we said. So the strongest person in the jungle, it's the other people. And we see this kind of result with the United States. They all started like 20, 30 words in the last 40 years. So the strongest person. So this is kind of a power game who has the more power because they can get the most away with. So but now is the first time that, okay, someone is rising to power and challenging the United States. And yeah, it's like bullshit that I'm very much that we are even talking about what what what it's crazy that we this stuff with now putting and Zelensky and the United States there with the missiles and all this stuff is the first time that we. So you are 24 years old. You are the exact age. I'm a bit too old actually. Thank God. But you are the exact age of the men who they round up and send to go fight and die in stupid wars. That's your age right now. Why does the European Union for a country you claim which is not in the European  which historically has massivized to Russia, both in blood and history. Why are the European Union members, I guess, so willing to round people like you up and talk about going to die in Ukraine? When it's not part of our history. It's crazy. We vote all the time in the European Parliament for war to keep sending guns, not for to stop peace talks, not to keep sending guns to keep funding the war. And the majority of it. So I think we talked about it before. I think I know some people that they are voting for the guns, but when you talk with them, they agree with me. But because they are in this party, they are party put them in their country, for example, Germany or something. So they cannot go against because they will lose their job because in the next time they were not going to put them for reelection. And that's the problem for democracy, because you do two years, two, three years your mandate. And then the next two years you care about the reelection. So yeah, it's...  Let me just confirm, so you're saying that there will be somebody there who understands funding the Swars wrong, but they'll agree to fund the war because if they don't, their party will not put them up for re-election and their parties controlled, so therefore they have to vote for war even though they know it's wrong to keep their job. Unfortunately, yes. Here, here's a really interesting TikTok you've made. Let's play it. The European Union is considering creating its own army. Right now, the European Union has 27 different national armies, but the last years, the idea of developing a unified military that will work alongside national armies is getting more popular. By having a common EU army, we could share resources and knowledge which might help Europe respond faster to threats. That will make the EU one of the most powerful entities in the world alongside China, Russia and the United States. But wait, it's not all good. It might be some countries that disagree on how to use this army. And this unified...  might also mean that the countries will lose full control over their own troops and national security. Also, we already have big military alliance with other countries like the United States called NATO. So we will need to rethink how this common army will work within NATO. But what do you think? Is the creation of a common European army a good idea? Let me know in the comments below. I have a question about your video. I'm curious to see what do you think guys do you think we need army? All you think is a dial well, well, I'm going to ask you the question. You say for the European Union to respond to threats. Who is threatening the European Union with war and death and armies? Who are we at threat from? Well, it's a and I'm curious to share your question. But the argument that is a good for to have to unify the army because we don't matter in the world now. We don't have a unified army nobody cares about that. It's like France, the Hudson and the f***.  Bu ne? Bu ne? Çünkü biz çizimden sonra da tüm kere. Yani ben şarkıları bir kere, Rusya'nın şarkıları bir kere, çünkü Rusya'nın territoriesi bir kere. Yani bu kere, OJET'in için bir kere, ve sen de, if anyi, bu kere, bir kere, Libya, Syria, Afganistan, Iraq, anyi, bu kere, aramaya, yorupin oradayla, bu kere. Rusya'nın, Rusya'nın, ne? China.  North Korea? Has anyone actually attacked Europe or are they making this army to attack others? It's a legit question, but when you have army you have also leverage our power. You can't people are afraid of you, you can't get stuff when you're asking like you I don't know I'm just making the case you're right, but you you are part of the organization. A small part but you're a part more than myself, my brother. What would we do with this army? How would we leverage it? We would be threatened. Definitely, I don't trust those who live on their land to decide about this army. Sure come on, we're coming in us. Yeah, because the only blood I'm an old man, I'm older than you, 12 years older than you, and the only blood I've ever seen spilled in the European Union on our shores. The only people I've ever seen killed, massacred, etc, etc have been killed by people who the European Union just let come into our countries. Why would you send an army to defend a country if you leave  the border wide open and anyone can arrive on a boat and they can kill people inside of that country. What's the point in going being a soldier and going to die to defend a sovereign nation when the enemy is inside of it? Because Europeans die all the time. And half of the enemy are enemies on the other side. The German side. I've got to just kill a bunch of people. I'm asking why would I be a soldier for Germany to go and protect German interests when the enemy can just turn up on a boat, come to Germany and live for free with the point? Well, that's a whole question about the migration that we did a debate before as well. So it's a very complete, good. So if you cared about defending it sovereignty, why is it have open borders? So Europe doesn't care about defending it sovereignty. All it cares about is pushing agendas and banker wars trying to make money off the bank. Because they could send you, you yourself, they could get you into this European Union army, send you to fight their war in Ukraine and then your wife and children at the Christmas market at home will get murdered by some psychopath who comes from a brawl anyway. What good is a European army if our women and children are still dying right here where we live? Well, I'm just saying that this is a more common  We're going to get into this. We need to get into the topic of the immigration to understand if there is some cases that is good There's some cases that is bad the immigration illegal immigration difference in this war is done immigration So yeah, it's a the whole different discussion I'm really curious in European parliament have they discussed Nord Stream? I'm not sure since I was there. I don't know. I don't think so. I was going to know anyone said who blew it up Because they blame the Russians the mainstream party. Do they mention Nord Stream and your German energy and the fact that energy bills are too high Do they talk about Nord Stream or they never mention it? I don't think they talk about it a lot isn't that crazy because that may be the single factor that put the nail in the coffin on the German economy German Germany no longer has energy it can afford it can't make cars anymore can't grow food anymore because his energy prices are too high and The European Union what kind of things do you talk about so you've been a member for six months correct? What issues  the European Union fixed in those six months. So, I need to say, guys, I'm new to the European Parliament. I'm also 24, I'm not too politics anyway. So, I'm going to probably say some wrong stuff here, but this is how you improve, how you learn, you say your opinion and you move on to the topic. But it's interesting. What we did in the European Parliament in the last six months, okay, the European Commission is now formed. So now they will start sending us a regulation. But actually, we did almost nothing. We just vote about the resolutions about our opinion, about the topic. And we were talking, I want to mention this again now to have people watching it as, like, you find this interesting, interesting. So, how do they pass these resolutions and these regulations? A lot of the time, there's some regulations that are good, but I'm going to talk specifically about this, that they're trying to pass their agenda. So, we're mentioning about, we did a regulation, a resolution.  opinion about something that happened. This is what the European Parliament does mostly. Our opinion about this, our opinion about this, our opinion, and we agree about the text. And this, how they did it is like about they were talking about Crimea and that's three prisoners that they were harassed and all this stuff so you can find. And they were saying, because of that, that's why we need to have against Russia's actions and more money and more money to Ukraine and all this stuff. So you are they are using this to influence the politicians. You cannot vote against these three people to be against them. But you can find so many, this is what Elon Musk is talking about with information actually to say the narrative is where it's the most important thing. You forgot all the other things that happen in Ukraine, countries in Europe and all this stuff, the bad things, but you are only saying the bad thing that you can use it against your opponent. They lie by omission. They leave out most of the story and they choose to part the story they want. They did this to us when you were probably a very young...  I remember about nine years ago they did this to us. There was a child on the coast of Spain I mean, there's a three-year-old boy and he drowned and washed up on the beach in Spain trying to cross in the dinghy and Photos of that kid drowning which is of course very very sad. I'm a father myself. I can't imagine how horrible that is Pictures of that kid went everywhere everywhere this kid drowned in the Mediterranean This kid drowned in the Mediterranean It was everywhere for three whole months and then the invasion started Hundreds of thousands of people started coming every week as it all we need to use the Navy to help them because we don't want any more kids drowning All we need to use our ships to guide them in bring them into Europe. We can't have any more kids drowning so Every single person that's been killed in Europe by somebody who came across illegally in a boat Does their life does that child's life outweigh the lives of Europeans because when you're talking about this Crime a situation and you want these three men free. Okay, sending guns and weapons means thousands tens of thousands of young Romance  Ukrainian men, you're right. But we never hear stories about the half a million Ukrainians that died. We'd never hear it. It's like that's why like they're keep voting. If there is always stories about this kid died He had a family had 20 cousins. They're kind of his mother is can never forgive the Russian people there is like You know what jokes are Stalin once said He said 10 people dying is a tragedy 10,000 people dying is a statistic You can imagine the life of one person or two people and get very sad But when they say numbers like five hundred thousand it loses all meaning That's why freedom of speech is very important here Because we need to hear both of the narratives all the time We and all we need to have freedom of Free flow of information because if if they decide who is who did what and what they're going to promote the media and all this stuff That's why I'm very happy with Twitter and all this stuff now with the  freedom of speech and it's like we don't we have censorship in Europe. Like I put a tiktok about you that I'm going to come here and I get like hundreds of thousands of views every time I post and my tiktok got 1000 views. So it's like they are censoring some stuff and we need to see like I never on the understood where is the line what they draw misinformation this information why they censoring your own thing like what because how they define and they a lot of the times when you don't know who is censoring what they're censoring it's like it's not right so we need more transparency well just to know okay these are the rules these are how they're censoring yeah that's but it's changing so I said but the rules in Europe allow even if if Elon bought eggs the regulations and the rules in Europe they are forcing him to comply with this stuff so he's banning Russian media by the way Russian media  one, it's also Russia is banning hundreds of media outlets of the Western world. So they are doing even worse. But we don't need to ban it. We need freedom for measure. And with the citizens decide what we believe. So I'm American and very luckily I'm an American with an American passport. So it's very hard for Europeans to tell me I broke any speech law because I'm protected by the First Amendment. I'm an American citizen. But America, the good people in America certainly are very free speech. It's built into our constitution. It is the First Amendment. Why is Europe so anti-free speech? Because it is. Compared to the United States and many other countries, why is Europe so pro-censorship? Why? Andrundhli Hama. I certainly do, sir. I have a whole bunch of answers. But in fact, that kind of leads into a question, which is interesting. I'm going to play your next tick-tock. I'll ask another question after that. There is something I hate about the United States and it is.  They are foreign policy. Now, I'm a member of the European Parliament, but before, I was a professional YouTuber living in Los Angeles for three years. And actually, I love everything about the people and my experience there. But there is something that I hate about the US. It is the country that has been involved in more wars in contemporary history. The US has bombed countries like Syria, Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan, Serbia, Panama, Somalia, Vietnam, Korea, Laos, Cambodia, and the least keeps going on and on. Even though not directly participating, the US has funded so many wars. Like the ones that happen now in Ukraine and Gaza. And on top of that, the US has overthrown several governments in the name of Freedom and Democracy. To me, this is deeply concerning. The most powerful country in the world should not use its influence to create wars and wars.  But instead promote peace and diplomacy. And I hope the new president of the United States will follow these values. But what you think? Do you support the foreign policy of the United States or not? And do you think it will drastically change with the new president? Let me know in the comments below. Well, I agree with you 100%. As an American, I agree with you 100%. You're totally right. So one of my questions is, in your experience, can you think of a time that the European Parliament has ever gone against the interests of the United States? Can you think of a time America wanted something? And the European Parliament said, no, America, we're independent and we're going to do what we want, as opposed to what the American deep state wanted. I don't know. I'm too young. I don't have a lot of knowledge about this stuff. What experience? Yeah. So since you've been there, there have never been any conversations that said in any way to go against the foreign policy of America? No, I don't think so. So every time America decides to be a bloke, because most of the countries in Europe are inside NATO.  the times United States controlled the decisions of NATO. Let's imagine in a fictional world there's a conversation, there's a scenario in which America wants one thing, and the Europeans want something else. What do you think would happen? Well, America wants it with the European problem. I think what America wants. That's right. So it's not really even any democracy at all, I guess, is it? So when you say, I can't find people to vote against giving money in guns to Ukraine, that's because the American establishment, the previous American establishment, the current American establishment, want money in guns for Ukraine. Is that a coincidence that they just align perfectly with the European Union? Who they need, by the way, if the European Union said, no, no money in guns for Ukraine, they couldn't move it through Hungary, they couldn't move them through Romania, they couldn't move them there, the European Union could stop this. But they don't. I would love for you to ask the European Parliament who built Puglu up Nord Stream. I can ask a question to my friend, Ursula von der Lennl, let's see who else asks this thing, what she says, who blew it up? I think it'd be very interesting to know who blew it up because it destroyed the entire Germany.  economy. Yeah. Do you think the members of the European Parliament are genuinely concerned about the fact that nobody trusts them or likes them or they don't care? They're just smiling on all the way to the bank. Do they ever wake up and go, oh no, everyone hates me because I keep voting against interests of my people or do they just don't care? You know, it's not that the people hate them. People are so ignorant of them. So they don't even know about them. Like they think that they're the center of the world and nobody cares about them. There is like 10 media that they're writing articles about these 10 TV stations that they're covering this with very few people watching. But actually nobody cares about European politics. Like European politics was never cool as in my experience. So yeah, I think the politicians now are very scared. You know, not scared, but they're a bit confused. How this kid 24 year old kid came and he gets more attention. Like politicians wants attention for that idea. And they're current. And I'd like to ask you about that because the European Union.  after what happened in Romania, which I'm not going to go too much into because I live here. And, you know, the system here is very scary. You've seen what's happened to me over the last few years over nothing. They're starting to talk the Romanians and now the European Union as a whole about the danger of TikTok. How dangerous it is. You're a man who got elected. Let's be honest, because of TikTok. If you didn't have TikTok or maybe some other social platforms, no one would know who you are and you wouldn't have your seat. Why are they scared of TikTok? And what is it about TikTok specifically that the European Union think that we need to ban and get rid of? So I will talk from my personal experience. I don't know 100% what is happening in other countries. But the polls were showing me one week before the elections 2%. And I got 20% of the vote. So I'm just saying that the people are changing their behavior now. They're getting different their information there. And also by the way guys, I stole your strategy.  Thank you because of I understood from you becoming famous and all this stuff I saw and I was paying attention. It's like you are making podcasts and then you're cutting the clips Short from content in shorts, reals, tick, talk and all this stuff So this is what I did basically as well. This is how I was elected live streaming all this stuff But not only just my opinion. I was trying to give value to the society This is my rule of thumb like I was trying to break the word record that of registrations of the elections for people to register to vote I did some things Anyway, so I was trying to advise you to society This is what all the videos about to educate people on things and all this stuff with the podcast So I watch the work is changing and it's very interesting because I I'm just a stupid YouTuber that just decided to run for the elections like the statistics of me even before I run The person that got the most votes it was 2000  votes as independent, I got like 70,000 votes. So it's like, the what is changing. And I'm very excited about this new world, because it gives us the power, people more power. But I'm curious to hear your thoughts about direct democracy. Well, I would say first and foremost, you're right, the systems are outdated. And it does not surprise me at all. The polling systems, the police are don't understand, and because they don't understand, they label this as something. They're scared of it. Because because I don't think the young men, it's probably young men and young women who vote for you in your country. That's what I like. 40% down the 30 they voted for me. So I don't think those people who watch TikToks and think I'm going to vote for this guy participate in polls. Yes. Never been. No, no, no, no, no. They don't do. They don't participate in. So let's explain to the people how they do polls. They call 16,000 people. Only 1000 people answer their phone. And they're extremely biased now.  All those 15,000 that they, and that this is actually statistics from Cyprus polls only 15,000 rejected and these 1000 people they're set the type of people to answer their phone and talk to for halval our term polydeges the people that they have alive and they are taking decisions that they don't have the time so they reject so by default your your measure is wrong so we need to come up with new ideas of how we do polling with social media and how do we judge and everyone in the european parliament their speeches was it's impossible for you to have 20 to 3% of the votes and then magically you get the majority of the votes but like they're dinosaurs they don't understand at all so we so wouldn't a good solution we could sorry sorry to interrupt you going on we could argue that they're dinosaurs and they don't understand social media i would argue that they do understand social media but they cannot control it and they fear what they can't control because they're trying to push narratives because they have to purport garbage to ensure that everybody stays inside of the matrix mind because i was about to say a wonderful idea if i was in charge of the european union would be ban  TikTok. Band TikTok. Fuck videos and people like him, he can never get elected because we banned TikTok. There's no TikTok, there's no social media. We could troll everything again. Well, let's look at something that Fideas recently said on TikTok and we'll talk about why the European Union would be scared of videos like this because they're true. This is the truth and they fear the truth. There is a crucial aspect on the war in Ukraine that almost nobody is talking about. And that is the actual will of the Ukrainian people. First, I must state that I'm against the Russian invasion in Ukraine. Having said that, I also feel the need to acknowledge that before the war, Ukraine was deeply divided into two groups. In the northern half of the country, the people were mostly Ukrainian speaking, pro-Western, whereas in the southern half, they were mostly Russian speaking, pro-Russian. You can clearly see the divide in the election result over the past couple of decades, where each one of these groups, the pro-Western and the pro-Russian, was  represented by different political parties and different presidential candidates. Now, here is the question, what do people in each one of the regions of Ukraine really want today? And not just the ones that are living in the free part of the country, but also those in areas occupied by Russia. I believe in the context of any future peace talks, an absolutely essential step should be to organize referendums under the United Nations supervision. In order to take into account the will and the needs of the people of every region of the country and to ensure a long lasting peace between Ukraine and Russia. So no more conflicts between these two countries happening the future. But what are your thoughts about what I am saying? Let me know in the comments below. That is a very reasonable and very intelligent standpoint for someone of 24 years of age, because most people your age have been completely brainwashed by the media, and they don't understand  is happening there. To people inside of European Parliament share your view on those things. Why not? Why not? It's very sensitive to what's going to explain. What I mean by this video is that there is a lot of people in the Ukraine that they were oppressed. Like guys, inside schools, they were not allowed to talk Russian. And if you speak English and inside your school, I force you to speak Greek. Is that discrimination? Is that not a problem? So they were trying to, before they were oppressed this type of people. I'm not saying that anyway, this invasion is justified. But let's also, we need to, and a lot of the comments in this video, it was like Zelensky was the president and they voted for him. Zelensky was the president because he was a Russian speaking person and everyone thought that he will have peace with Russia. That's why a lot of people voted and you can't see elections in the past elections.  But the country is divided in votes. This Western part and the Russian part, they vote completely different. Ukraine and pro-Russian. So we need to take the will of the people in account. Like we don't need to decide about them. We need to ask them. Let me ask you a question, because most people don't know this. And this is a Romanian issue. And as a man who lives in Romania with Romanian children, I am tied to this country. And I do care about Romanian issues. I really do. Ukraine hasn't learned its lesson. Because in the pro-Western part that you highlighted on the map, maybe you do not know this. There are some towns and villages, some relatively small ones, not quite cities, but some small towns and villages that speak the Romanian language. The people are ethnic Romanians who speak Romanian, who dress in a Romanian manner, and have their Romanian traditions. Has Ukraine learned its lesson? Because just recently, since the invasion started, in the last year or so, the Zelinsky regime is cracking down on Romanians banning the Romanian language in their schools, banning Romanians from putting off Romanian-  people into the parliament and banning their cultural traditions, banning their cultural dress and forcing them to assimilate with the Ukrainian population. Do you think this is okay? Because Romanians were in the European Union, also the Romanian country. And we have people tied to this country by blood and ethnicity over there in Ukraine who are getting fucked by the pro-European regime. How pro-European? Why nobody's talking about this, European Union? And we are done here, example, on the resolutions that we vote about this. And we only hear about the stuff that we are interested in to prove to the world. I have a question. As a member of European parliament, have you ever had a chance to stop guns being sent to Ukraine? Yes, we are voting all the time. Every session we are voting, but everyone votes the majority. Like, when we have voting about the award in Ukraine is like majority. Like, 500 people vote for and 200 people vote against. So it's like far, by far the majority. So you can't win? This crazy majority always pushing for war.  Is that good for Europe? Because the idea of any government, the United States government, the Russian government, the South Korean government, every government in the world, I guess it's number one priority should be the safety security and the prosperity of the people who live there. So if you are the European Parliament, I guess your priority, and we're going to move on to some other topics after this, should be the safety and security and the prosperity of Europeans. Is this good for Europeans to be bankrupting ourselves sending money to Ukraine? Yeah, I don't think it's also where we're making it conflict. Always the solution is peace talks. Like, guys, like live matters here. Like people are dying. We need to start peace talks now. But I'm curious because we're talking about the votes. We voted recently about abortion. Oh, interesting. What do you guys think? I voted for pro-choice. So I'm curious to pro-choice means that this for the woman to be allowed to have a abortion. But it's a very difficult...  debate and I was very overwhelmed by the discussion that we decided to vote and I'm curious to hear your first question. You're going to go first or should I, Andrew? You can go first. So I understand that there are cases where abortion should be a course of action in danger of the mother's health, rape victims, perhaps things like this. I actually do understand this very well. What I'm against morally and as a Christian is abortion as a method of contraception. You know, people say, what about our choice? You have the choice to have sex. You have the choice to have unprotected sex. You know, I believe that from conception because a baby has its own unique DNA code, just as you me and he does, that is his own unique person. And I believe that they need protecting. Do I believe abortion should be completely illegal? No, I don't actually, and I'll get some pushback from my fellow Christians and right wingers in the United States for saying it shouldn't be illegal. But what we shouldn't do is trivialize the issue and pretend it's something it's not. We shouldn't call it healthcare. We shouldn't say that, oh, it's fine because the baby's not a-  person, we should, with every abortion, I think, no matter what your reasons for going in to it, there should be a half an hour video you need to watch about how it is a unique person with its own DNA code. But you should have testimonies of people who didn't have abortions and had the baby that grew up to be very happy. So you can't, the public that is not good to have an abortion. They should know that you are ending a human life and it should be treated very seriously. It's the pro-choice people like, I guess like me, because I guess I don't want it illegal who I think at least are sensible, but many pro-choice people, they think the issue is, oh well no, we can just have as many abortions as we want. I think that's really evil. I think it's truly evil. So you vote pro-choice? If you have to vote, yes. If I was the king of a country and I could mandate the rules, I would have to vote pro-choice and I'll tell you why. Let us know in the comments below guys what you would. I'll tell you why. Because unfortunately people are liars and people are evil. They are. A lot of people 10%  20%. The world is not full of good people. In an ideal world, you would say, if you're raped or if there's medical issues with a baby or the mother, then you should have an abortion, but you can't have an abortion just because you want, just because you didn't want the baby. That would be ideal, but you can't do that. You know why? Imagine you're a smart man. Let's see if you can work it out. Imagine you say to women, well, you can only have an abortion if it was rape. Do you not think false rape reports would go off? Oh my God. Do you not think that women who had consensual sex with a man who they don't really care about was like, Oh, okay, he raped me. Give me the abortion. So unfortunately, you can't let us under the case of the exact case. You can't let us like you can't legislate for a perfect world because people are imperfect. So what we need to say is, yes, this should be legal, but my daughters who I'm raising, because I am a father are going to know that this is also fucking murder. And it should be the least, the last resort for anybody to murder.  What are a number one? Well, what we're really talking about as a spiritual crisis because the problem is the slippery slope of legalizing it, which means people think you endorse it. I don't endorse it. I'm like, I agree. I'm pro-choice. I don't endorse it. I don't think it's a good thing. I don't think it should be seen as a standard form of contraception. I don't think it's something that women should be able to do willy-nilly. It's not something to be celebrated. It's actually a terrible last resort. However, when you say your pro-choice, people then take that as mandate to run around saying abortions are great. No, they're not. Not at all. But I would argue that society can't benefit from forcing women to have kids they don't want. How can that child be raised well if the woman doesn't want the child? They did that. You talk about, you're a dad and communist Romania and we had orphanages filled with children who spilled it onto the streets and been in the hospital. You're going to have orphanages, you're going to have child abuse, you're going to have a whole bunch of new problems. So I don't think forcing people to have children they don't want is the answer. So I am pro-choice, truthfully. And I know that's going to upset a lot of people. However, the problem is with the world as soon as you say your pro-choice, then you have side...  who take that and start thinking abortions are to be celebrated in their standardized healthcare, especially in America where people have really lost a mind with or not. It's a choice, but it's a negative, unhappy choice that some people should be able to make in the right circumstances. That's my personal view. I'm gonna ask you about the digital euro. This one's really interesting. Because my view is my view is that in fact, I won't tell you my view. You know what I talk too much. Let's see. No, don't talk too much. I'm surprised. He doesn't talk too much. Today, he gets cut in jail. We're gonna get new cases after this. We're gonna watch this and you're gonna tell me what why you think they want the digital euros. Let's see. My question is about digital euro. I ask a question in the previous meeting of this committee about digital euro. He got millions of views and tens of thousands of comments in my social media platforms. And it is clear that the people of Europe are very skeptical about digital euro. But they seem to favor ideas like cryptocurrencies and especially Bitcoin. My questions are do you take into consideration what people think about digital euro and  what's your opinion about cryptocurrencies? First of all, if you have contact and a big opening to millions of people, I'm going to enlist you support so that we can have a better understanding of what Europeans and particularly young Europeans think, because we believe in getting client feedback, in getting Europeans views in order to make sure that we frame the right product. When everything goes digital, why should central bank money continue to consist only of essentially banknotes? Our belief is that we should also have, say, a digital banknote. That's essentially what we want to have, something that is secure, that is safe, that is cheap, and that all Europeans everywhere in Europe can use, which gives quasi privacy, not complete privacy, because AML anti-money laundering has to continue to operate and because we continue to be accountable for financial stability, that's what digital...  The first question was about cryptocurrens. She completely ignored my question about cryptocurrencies. Even though in the beginning she promised this. Looks like she wasn't being honest. But I'm curious why you think she skipped it. Let me know in the comments. I will tell you why. I think she skipped it. Do you remember in your country when they stole everyone's money that was more than a hundred thousand dollars? 2013 guys in my country. That would be incredibly easy to do with the central bank digital currency where they controlled all the tokens and so where everything went. I think that just like TikTok and a force that they can't control, I think she doesn't want to acknowledge things like Bitcoin because Bitcoin cannot be controlled. And I think that that's what scares them.  Are you a fan of these digital currencies? Well, first of all, I need to say about this video a bit. I feel a bit bad because in a way, I'm manipulative the conversation for people to like her or dislike her. I made a voice over. So now I was just going to leave the facts and let the people decide not to do some voice over to say that she didn't like she lied or not. So I am improving. I want to spread love in the world and not try to spread it yet. But yeah, what is this is very interesting. I I asked I was in the room with the people that they did it. And I'm not sure if they if they understand what is this. Yeah, honestly, because I asked very basic questions, I ask what do podcasts? And I dig in and I keep asking and the people I'm not sure if they really understand that they are making. I was also in the European Central Bank recently with Christine Lagarde and another nine in peace. It was five hours of them explaining us and all this stuff. So I will explain you how I understood it. This is like because in the last days they have  all these master crafts and visa and all the stuff and they get all the money kind of these companies they don't want the money to go to other countries and all the stuff they want them to have control and have euro but this is in a very way limited because they said in the beginning you are not going to be able to have more than 20,000 dollars in your bank they are you know so there is a lot of limitation and it's like my question really is like this will cost a couple of billions for a European citizens to they really want it is it like in Kabul this will be ready in 10 years yeah there are a lot of it in 10 years we're going to have crypto currencies and stable coins and I don't know so maybe it's a problem or a draw or solve that nobody wants to solve that the solution is already there so let me ask two questions the digital euro will give the bureaucrats that nobody trusts more power true I think so the European central bank would have more power have you ever since you've been in European parliament seen them pass any laws or resolutions that reduced their past  power. I don't know. So you're saying every day they discuss laws and resolutions and every single day they get more and more powerful because there's new laws and resolutions. Because it's an interesting thought. If every single day, if every single day, I like that without me saying, yeah, so no, he makes his narrative, but I agree with you most of this. Every single day they discuss new laws and resolutions and all of the equal more power on a long enough time frame does it result in slavery for the population? I'm not sure if he's slver, but less power over the population. If you gave me more control over your life every day, would you eventually become my slave eventually? It's an interesting thought. I mean, like if I smoke a little bit of this cigarette every minute, will it eventually go to zero? If you give me a little bit more power over your life every single day, will you eventually become indistinguishable to a slave of mine? But...  Okay, let's, did you finish with your, you're not effectively the point I was making the reason they want digital euros because so trying to control everybody's money because so trying to enslave the population because Europe is trying to turn to a communist dictatorship and they want to ensure that everybody is right at them and they're all. Yes, because I was going to make two points on the topic of Bitcoin. One, doesn't realize it. Are we not leaving is you're not leaving itself in the dust now that Russia, China and America are all interested in Bitcoin and getting some. And two, if Europe is such a strong, great economic powerhouse, like they talk about it being all the time we've letting all these migrants so it must be powerful now because everyone's working. Why not use a fair system like Bitcoin where you can use your economic power to buy Europe's share of Bitcoin. America has it, China has it, Russia has it. Would that not be a very fair system? Yeah, I'm probably going to decentralization and give more power to the people. It's always good. I agree with this 100%. And this takes away the power from the people properly. Did you know that?  In your experience since you've been in the European Parliament to nation states or the European Parliament itself used the judicial system to give people false charges to try and shut them up. How much do you know about law? Or did you just ask questions actually that I wanted to ask you and I didn't get to ask you guys. You probably learned so much about the law fair like you probably became expert in the last couple of years. If you're considering the nutshell what you learned like what they're doing in a way. I'll tell you and also recently you got this news and the case is a result of something. Yeah, it's resolved. It's never going to go to trial. It's not a case. It can't go to trial. So law fair is exactly what we were describing earlier when we were discussing influence of elections. Law fair is that everybody is guilty of everything all the time. Everybody is permanently guilty of crimes and whether they decide to charge you or not simply depends on whether they like you or not. Yeah, nobody is innocent under the law. Nobody understands the law. Nobody has read the law. You cannot sit there and say your law abiding in your innocent because you've never read it. You don't even know what it means and it changes every.  single day, meaning every single person is guilty all of the time and the second you annoy them, they pick you up and they find a reason to charge you. Nobody is safe from law fair. In fact, we have an example from your country, which is actually a perfect time to play this. This is going to be interesting. I'm a member of the European Parliament and there is a big crisis happening right now in my country, Cyprus. The Supreme Court just fired the auditor general, Odysseus Mejali who is famous for fighting against corruption. The decision seems to be against the will of the people. As thousands of citizens have taken the streets in protest, and recent polls show that 80% of the population oppose him being fired. Like the people of my country, I'm also against this decision and I have serious concerns that this was manipulated by corruption. As a member of the European Parliament, I have the power to request to the European Commission to start an investigation regarding possible bridges of rule of law in Cyprus. They must answer to me in three weeks if they will proceed with the investigation.  And I will keep you updated. What happened with this? Oh, they answered me they will do something in the future. In the next report in one year they will mention so they didn't do anything in the European Union. But I will explain the situation in Cyprus which is very interesting. So the auditor general is responsible to find tax fraud in Cyprus. So he exposed so many people this guy, the president even and all the stuff, doing illegal stuff with them. And because he was touching the wrong people, they found like it was so fun. They were probably similar to your case as well. I'm not sure. But they were accusing him. The result that he had a kind of he was a noisy character. He was making some problems where it shouldn't be. But this is his job to say that he did something to get the research. So it's like they accused him of something that is nothing.  like people were super mad again. Is there a side of corruption in Cyprus? I believe, maybe I'm wrong. You know, I'm not normally one for personal favors, because I like to be an independent man. I don't like to ask for favors. And you're allowed to say no, but I'm gonna ask you a favor here, sir, if you don't mind. Ooh. Romanian state and decal broke 111 pages of laws and their investigation against us. 111 pages of laws, we have all of them. If you could request to the European Commission to investigate why they broke 111 pages of laws and have not faced any kind of repercussion. Now, the reason I ask for this is because if they stuck to the law, they have nothing to be afraid of. They can just show they didn't break the law. But the fact that the Romanian court themselves have already said they broke the law, I would really truthfully appreciate it as a political prisoner who's done nothing but try and do the same as you, which is promote free thinking and democracy. If you could ask Europe to ask Romania why they allowed us to go to jail and suffer at the hands of a corrupt justice system.  When they broke 111 pages of law you don't have to you've got more important things to do But if it ever crosses your mind I would genuinely appreciate seeing that reporter Well, I will answer very honestly. Well, I don't mind doing this But you know what's my problem with doing this because then I'm caught up myself because there is so many cases of other people That read these true and if you ask me because we are here and you are right I'm I'm That's an amazing point of voting. That's an amazing. So how many people do you think suffer the hands of the justice system unfairly? It's a huge problem in Europe Yeah, maybe we can ask this something some general questions about it Because I would argue there's a huge problem You can ask to another interesting thing we have a lot of tools guys in the European You know some there's so many stuff you can there is like a lot of people that work just to do research for the members of the European party So we can ask for a research of what how many cases were similar to this how many cases were similar to this about this topic I will discuss it with my team. I will see  if there is something that is not corruption. Yeah, because primarily it's people who are speaking freely and want to tell the truth about things which are suffering the hands of the justices. Or even their opinion, the justice system is being weaponized to shut people up. This is an interesting take-to-key main. Perhaps I'm one of the most qualified members of the European Parliament to talk about social media platforms. As myself, I'm a social media influencer by profession. I believe the Digital Service Act is a positive step forward, but I want to focus more on an important aspect of it. I strongly believe the way to fight hate speech and this information is definitely not censorship. Instead, I will propose that we encourage the platforms to create organic, fact-checking systems to inform their users about the validity of the information they receive. A good example of this is community notes of Twitter, which allows its users to highlight information.  when they believe that it's factual incorrect. Now, in an era of artificial intelligence, more than ever, we need to focus on what is actually true, not by censoring, but just by letting people know the facts and freely decide. Here, I'll take an example from America. America, I'm a mixed-race man, I'm a half-black man, once and once only America tried to ban a word. New York State tried to ban the word nigger, of course. My opinion on it as a half-black man is sure the word's offensive. However, let's let everyone who wants to say it say it and protect free speech, because then we know who the racists are, and then we know who's retarded and who isn't. Do you think that shutting people up, say someone has a controversial opinion about something that happens in your country, or Romania, or Germany, or France? If someone has a controversial opinion, don't you think that shutting them up just buries the problem and no discourse happens? But the so many examples like this with...  and the Wuhan lab everything was shut down all these YouTube videos were shut down and now is the primary, the scientist, among the scientists this is probably the most likely scenario so something that your information is my means information or this information and your this information is my information who get to judge that's why we want a public debate and allow everything and this is very very important in the work that we are living now but I want to ask you a question guys since we are in politics I want to hear are you going to do anything the career in politics seems that we they influence it and especially you guys I was I was doing pranks in my videos I was doing dumb things I was a clown so but you guys are talking about important things and what is that did you thought about doing something in politics it's crossed our minds yes we have a long and interesting future ahead of us I think that we would be pretty good leaders because we're pretty rational and I like the idea of a world where people like us are  allowed to be in charge and have any semblance of power. But I feel like the matrix is cracking. In fact, have you met Elon? You've met Elon Musk? Yes. Elon, I think, along with Chris Owens rumble, these two guys have been instrumental in changing because you cannot have responsibility without accountability and sunlight is the best disinfectant. That's why what you're doing in the European Parliament is so important. Every time now they do something stupid, they have to worry, did he make a TikTok? And I think that that is extremely important because when you remove all accountability, people are simply just going to act into most corrupt and evil ways. And now that we have Twitter and now that people are starting to finally speak and understand these things, that's why this podcast is so important to understand that a member of European Parliament itself is saying the same thing as I've said, that democracy is not the way you think it is and it doesn't work the way you think it does. And people understanding these things is the first step. So when everyone understands that and the matrix is fully broken, I love the idea of trying to help my fellow man in working in politics. Yeah. As it currently stands, I'm not prepared to sell my soul to the...  party so I'm not prepared to send money to Ukraine because I'm supposed to so I don't think I'd ever be allowed to take power. Yeah, it would be something very small. It would be something in say eight years time I perhaps. The British system, my town has two members of parliament, Luton North and Luton South. I, because I'm uncorruptible, because no amount of money in MP can make, could possibly matter to me. I have my own money. I have my own back in place. We make, I can't be in $12,000, $13,000 in mine. The guy has nothing. There we go. And it is nothing. And English members of parliament. And English members of parliament make a lot less. So I would definitely like to do something like that to take care of my own town, invest my own money. So put my money where my mouth is and show I'm a truthful politician, and that I can do something good, at least for my hometown. If I do anything after that, I don't know, but I would one day probably aim for it. We have a lot of your TikToks. I'm going to play a lot of them on another emergency meeting when you're not here, because we're running out of time. But I have a question for you. If you were a genie and you had three wishes and you could click your fingers and fix three things in Europe. What would those three things be? You click your finger.  and it's done. Fixed, bang, fix this. Boom. Europe is just mandated. Whatever law you say. You're the king of Europe for free wishes. Oh, maybe be careful what you wish for because you're a lot of consequence in with the stuff that you wish for. I don't know. You're building an app for direct democracy or something. I was I was say freedom of speech is one of the most important. You're getting freedom of speech. Thanks. That's a good one. I like things. I think I will change the way that the institutions are functioning so people have actual power in the vote for their president or the someone campaigns on policies that they need to do for the general public or a member of the European parliament as allowed to run as the president of the European Union. Kind of how it works. More power to the people and more power for the people they put in charge. And I will change. I will have actually the same language as somehow. In a way, you're have an app that all translates with your voice in different language because I want problems.  that you have is like misunderstanding between the countries. You cannot see the problems of one country, you cannot relate because we don't speak the same language. And what European Union is, anyway, it's an illusion the European Union with our minds doesn't exist. We cannot punch European Union. So in our minds, in this way, it's about people believing it. So people to believe it, they need to communicate and have some shared values about this stuff. So I will, these are the three changes that I will make. What would you do if the parliament says you have to stop posting on TikTok? Well, I will make a TikTok about it. Do you think this day will ever come? Well, I don't know. And I was going to ask you guys as well. Because now Elon Musk is posting my stuff, which is extremely important. Like they get 40, 50 million views when he promotes 34 times a week, whatever. And like the first time that I start asking myself about 20 security. And it's like, you guys seem to work.  with the hybrid security people everywhere and you take these extremely serious, I say so many Kha'ai miras in your house. And I, yeah, I don't know, I might say that that. But you get three lives, before they try and hurt you, they're gonna try and lock you up. So just prepare for a criminal. They'll cancel you, then they'll try and lock you up, and then they'll tell you. So you'll know it's coming. Hopefully I'm very young, I don't think I did a lot of. Has anyone in European Parliament complained or about your TikToks yet? Yes, there is a lot of people that are sending things to European Parliament, that this guy's making fun of the thing, the institutions, you need to close his, everything, yeah, there's a lot of complaints. They're trying to shut you down, so. But you know, among the people, I am liked, among the members I think, the people take pictures with me in the corridors, they are asking me questions because it's something new, it's something refreshing, breath of fresh air that they are not used to these things and they are curious to understand. By the way, there is good people. Of course, we made the European Union look very bad.  But like, no, there is good things as well. These people are trying their best, they're having to, you're the second member of European Parliament to sit here on the emergency meeting. Yeah. Our friend Tieri from the Netherlands is number one. We know there are some very good people in the Netherlands. No, you have to understand that a person can be good, but people can be bad. And systems can be bad while the people in the Marguerite. And what we're trying to do is just highlight this. So they understand, it's not just simply a matter of everyone being evil. So a matter of different influences and different forces pushing in different directions of very large bureaucracy, which is difficult to understand, a lack of public interest, all of these things. And I believe that public interest is actually one of the most important things for reform and change. And you're doing a wonderful thing. And you're doing a fantastic job and we're super glad you came on this podcast. And you have so many interesting TikToks that we want to talk about. In fact, we have one here, one more I'm gonna mention. I want to ask you a question about Brian Johnson. Oh, absolutely. Sure. Let's do it. So we have one more. This one is, do I play this one about Ursula? This is interesting. This is interesting, a lot of people at home understand this. It was, like,  There is a new president of the European Council, one of the most powerful institutions of the European Union. This position is not elected directly by the citizens of Europe. Instead, the president of the European Council is chosen behind closed doors by the 27 heads of states of EU countries. This means no public debating, no campaign and no voting by the people. The president of the European Council has a lot of power, but ordinary Europeans have zero say in who gets this role. The decision is made in private meetings between national leaders, living the public completely out of the process, which I think is completely anti-democratic. For the next five years, the person that have been chosen for this role is Antonio Costa, but what he will actually do. Well, his main job is to chair meetings of the European Council with the 27 heads of states of the EU.  In these meetings, big decisions for EU future are made. Like how to handle global crises, the economy, all tackle climate change. Antonio Costa will set the agenda of these meetings, giving him a huge influence over Europe's priorities. The European Union is a big advocate for democracy, but it's most important positions they're not very democratically elected. Why do you think this is happening? Let me know in the comments below. Don't get him in trouble, Andrew. I'm not asking questions. Is this democracy? Well, it's funny, actually. This guy, in my comment section, when I uploaded this video, it's like Porto Giaz guy and they said he was a prime minister. They get rid of him and he was the most horrible prime minister that we had in Portugal. And then to put him to find him a position because I don't know how much power he has or something. They just put him in favor that he was one of the worst prime ministers in Portugal that put him...  Responsible for to set up the agenda of the European Union leaders what they are going to talk about the presidents of the European Union So the problem is like it's not only that is anti-democratic like this is not transparent method We don't know why they chose him. We don't know who chose them. We don't know Oh, they did campaign Ursula Wonderland and the other leaders just put them there So that's the that's we need more and we are the biggest advocate for democracy It's cool. And it's so he put critic on that all our positions called the matrix This is the point we push democracy democracy democracy and we're absolutely hypocritical because it's called the matrix As you said some hated Member of parliament in Portugal can all of a sudden become one of the most important people in Europe Even if he's a bad person and nobody has ever voted for him ever It is the matrix This is the exact point that you have to go along with these agendas and you cannot go against something as important as a Ukraine war Otherwise you're ousted from the system. I'm not sure if you're familiar with George Carlin  But he said, it's a big club. And you ain't in it. And you ain't in it. And you're probably one of the first people ever who's joined that club and is showing people how that club works. And you're doing extremely important work because only transparency will ever build any kind of semblance of accountability. And truthfully. And trust as well. And trust. And you know what's interesting. Members of the Parliament of Europe should not be afraid of your TikToks. Why would they? All you're doing is talking about their job that they're supposed to be doing competently. The second anybody complained about your TikToks, they probably have a lot to hide. So it's very, very interesting to work your doing. I think it's absolutely fantastic. And we wish you the absolute best in your political career. In the future, maybe you'll be the next Ursula one day in 10, 15 years time. Stop us, Kate. Will you investigate Romania if you become the new Ursula? Ah. But where? Okay. No, no, no, no, no, you're putting it. Well, when it's, I'm set to the question, what is the beef with, but I don't know some, man. Oh, no, no, no. Okay, let's enter it. There's no beef with Brian Johnson. But the point I was trying to make is, Brian Johnson talks about I was going to live for a,  and all of these people who are super health nuts talk about their biological age as opposed to their actual age They say I'm 45 years old, but my biological age says I'm 25 because I've done all these markers And I've done all these tests and the amount of X in my blood or whatever it is when they tickle their pills That's a lie and the reason I know that's a lie I compared it to fighting because I'm a fighter and I think that fighting is the ultimate form of male competition But we can compare it to sports in general when one of these 60 year olds who has a 25 year old biological age Starts beating 25 year olds in sports and Olympics then I'll believe you I'll believe you're 25 then but if you're 60 and you're saying you have a 25 year old biological age But you cannot outcompete a 25 year old at anything You're still 60 and it doesn't matter what test you're doing because that's all garbage I don't believe that people are actually younger than their age I believe that time is the fire in which we all burn. I believe it's cope and I think people saying oh I'm 50 but I'm actually 30 because I'm taking a bunch of pills. It's just a weird obsession and a waste of time That's all Well, I love it there guys. He's very good  And I didn't say he's not interested. I hope he lives forever. I'm saying he's not 25 Yeah, I hope he lives forever But no matter what test he does he ain't 25 and the best way to see that is to get into the cage Because none of these people ever managed to compete past professional fighting ages No matter how much they take and professional fighters Which are also some of the most healthy people in the world doing a lot of the same treatments Don't get to compete past professional fighting age and age comes your two old times up Yeah And you're doing a set out question you can technically become the president of the United States Technically yes And also don't shoot him he's not playing And also the prime minister of the UK Yeah, so it'll be a busy 60s. I'll do the UK first I'll fix it And then I'll do America I'll get them both wrapped up And then afterwards perhaps if I do a good enough job They'll give me Ireland They'll get we can become president of Ireland They'll give me some shadow job in the European Union Before you know it I'll be sitting there with you making TikTok So that'll be a fantastic ending for the life We'll see hopefully we can clean up the mess Brother thank you so much for coming on we know  It's been brave to come here. It's been super inspiring. I'm gonna watch all of your TikToks I always do and please keep educating the people at home Please keep showing the people at home how these things work because it is the transparency Which is gonna build the accountability which is gonna build a responsibility? I truly think you're one of the most important people in Europe today I'd argue you're more important than Ursula herself truthfully. We love you guys. Medic Christmas So friends that's it. Hope you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video and We will meet next time again with a new video  of Andrew and I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Andrew date. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only way. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly. So that's it see you again. Goodbye.