 If you wake up each day and go, I don't owe anybody anything. I don't have to prove anything to anybody than you are a loser because you are absolutely not the incorrect. You must prove yourself to other people. You must prove yourself to your bloodline as we discussed. You must prove yourself to God. God hates the lazy. He can't stand them. If He gives you all these genetic dispositions and these natural God-giving gifts, if you have two arms and two legs and you can think and you're not trying your absolute best, that's the reason you're not lucky. He doesn't like you. He likes the people who show him the beauty of his own creation. He likes to give somebody building blocks and them to build something amazing. It's the best thing about being a man you have to build who you are. But you can decide if you want to be a funny comedian or a musician or a kickbox or a world champion. So you decide whatever you want to be. Never seen anybody dedicate themselves to something completely and fail. I've never seen somebody eat right, go to the gym every day, train really hard and not be in good shape. I've literally never seen it. The universe is extremely giving. If you actually try and you actually want it and you're actually not making excuses.  lying, talking shit. You're gonna get what you want. So when I see people who don't have what they want, I consider them losers. And this may be elitist, I understand that. But if I put myself through endless pain to end up where I am, it's very hard for me to have sympathy on the man who's afraid of pain. You're avoiding pain. I've been through endless. I now have everything I've ever desired. You have none of the things you desire. Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Because you took the easy way out. Am I supposed to look at you and go, oh poor dude, no. You were a fucking coward. You didn't go through the shit I went through. You didn't put it on the line. So you deserve your substandard reality. That's what you deserve. You're a fucking loser. Because if you actually wanted it and you actually tried, you'd have it. You could have anything you want. Universe is super giving. You want a fucking Ferrari? You can have it. You want that bitch, you can have her. You can have anything you want in the planet. There's not a girl I look at that I want that I can't have. Not one. But, it's my reality. There's not a car I can't have. There's not a house I can't buy.  But I want to go to a yacht, I want to go to Antarctica. No, I want this nothing I can't have. Bam. Because I've decided to become this man. It's the same for absolutely every single one of you at home. If you want it, you can have it. If you're sitting there saying, oh, but I tried my best, then I still didn't get it. You're lying. You didn't try your best. That is a fucking lie. The universe gives it to everybody who genuinely tries. And I know that to be a fact, because this world's competitive. We're all competing against each other. And the majority of people don't try. The world is hyper competitive. If you're going to be a man who's going to sit and say, I'm just sad, you are always going to lose in competition to men like me. And there has to be losers for there to be winners. I am tired of sympathy. Sympathy doesn't work for anybody. I'm not going to sit here be sympathetic for people who say they're too sad to try hard and be their best. Guess what? Perhaps I was sad every time I did exactly what I was supposed to do and trained anyway. Perhaps I was afraid when I fought anyway. Perhaps I was tired when I worked anyway. This is how you get ahead in life.  I don't have a fucking ounce of sympathy for these people who sit here and say, well, I feel this way so I can't. Then don't do it. Stay down there. The winners are at the top. And the winners at the top don't give a shit about how they feel. We wake up when we perform regardless of how we feel day after day. So I'm gonna ignore my own feelings. I'm certain I can take into consideration to anybody else's. Why am I gonna ignore how I feel and make sure I'm constantly performing regardless flawlessly and then sit and go, oh, but he doesn't feel good so he's allowed to fuck up. No, you are not. You're not allowed to fuck up to your ancestors or to God or to yourself. You have to perform. This is how it, this is what being a man is about the baseline of masculinity. He's doing things you don't feel like doing. I can't comment on being a woman because I'm not one. But the baseline of masculinity as a whole is the thing that makes a good man a man is that he does what he doesn't want to do. He doesn't want to work and he works anyway. He doesn't want to go to war and he fights anyway. He doesn't want to get up. He gets up anyway. That's the whole point of it. We didn't want to die in the Titanic. Guess what happened? We died the Titanic. You can't sit there as a man and say, you don't feel like you're not allowed to not feel like you're supposed to do.  Anyway, regardless. So when a man sits or says, oh, but you don't understand, I'm struggling with motivation. If you are struggling with the motivation to be a winner, then stay a f***** loser. No problem. Stay a loser. Don't care. Because in my circle, there's no losers around me or energy is disgusting. I find it revolting. I don't like weakness around me, even near me. Even people coming up saying hello to me. If you're depressed, don't even shake my hand. I don't know. I've time for losers on any regard. Winners only. Yeah. If you're the person who waits up, just work is fantastic at it. It takes three days off. You're going to lose. They say a hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. That is completely true. You have to be consistent. You have to decide. Are you the kind of person who wants to make a lot of money in this life? You don't like this way. Or are you the kind of person who wants to look back? Are you 30 on his 20s or 40 on his 30s? And look at that decade ago. What did I do in that decade? Well, I didn't get rich. I didn't travel the world live like they didn't take a conference. What did I do? Well, I had a day off here.  The day off there, a bunch of nothing days, and now the main to the decade of nothingness. And you're just wasting your time. If you want to win, you need to be consistent. You don't need to be the smartest. Not at all. But you have to be the guy who's there day after day. I guarantee you, I will guarantee you right now. I, too, have nothing to do with us. What is going to turn it into success we're going to be is, are you there in a recent day? Are you doing what we're supposed to do? Day after day. I can also plan how to say it. I need you guys. Ooh, we're terrible. Back in my day of sales, you start to call companies. I was smooth. I was best. With some other guys who were smooth, and then the deal gone by my scar of never a decade. A few days, I'll take it easy. We had people who were terrible. When I said terrible, I mean, they had a thick Indian accent. Didn't speak English that well. Didn't know the script that well. Didn't know the answers. But they were always in the talk. Twenty percent of the company. Because they just hammered the vote. They just were on it. They needed to feed their family in bang with it. They didn't give a fuck. They were just calling that it day.  And then, you can't have the day when you are long to break these up the fall. You can win with hard work alone. That's what's amazing about the universe. And I say that. God will give you anything you truly want. If you truly want money, and you truly try hard, and you truly listen to us, you are going to have a bunch of money used to ball-spare and desire. But if you think you want money, but you kind of want something else, or you're arrogant, or if you're lazy, you're going to end up somewhere in the middle if you're lucky and talented, and if you're not talented, you know what you're going to do? Because we're going to do your work. You don't get to do amazing things. What's interesting is none of you have had a normal life. You've had a unique and individual life path. The things you've gone through, nobody else of the planet has gone through. You've lived certain experiences. The school you went to, the time you were picked on in that class, the girl who broke your heart, every single thing you've been through is unique. Like a figure of print. A completely unique life. Somehow, you've managed to stay completely non-unique. It's almost impressive how you can have a completely unique life experience and still end up in a garage. But then you...  You're like different than everyone else's and you still look at fog and sound and act like everybody else. Like a dummy. That happened because you're not paid enough attention into analyzing your life. Self analysis. Every single time something good happens, you have a single time back something bad happens. You're not spending enough human hours sitting and thinking and trying to work out why it happened. How to make sure the good things happen more often. How to make sure the bad things happen less often. What was God trying to teach you? You're trying to teach you something. You think God always does not scare. No. God sent you a lesson. We didn't pay any attention to it. Do you understand? Everything that's happened to you and then sent. God himself guides you on unique path. Nothing good, nothing bad. And the point of the unique path is that you went up a unique person. But you are failing. You're a full run man. You should feel deep shame. The fact that you can't do what I can. Yeah, I'm talking. I am your superior and every human metric.  Anyway, you possibly measure humans, I subass you. Yes, I agree. But you should still be angry in your heart that I destroy you. So easily, you should feel sad about that. Why you need life, huh? And let me just have a very unique human experience and talk to you with a respected man on the face of a planet and a little person, huh? Everybody loves talk to you. All the women wanting, the men want to be in, that too I am. A unique life path has only been a super unique person. And you're a unique life path is a solid and fucking nothing. You're still a fuck up and you're still average and you're still a loser. The best story you could post to me, tell me about the happiest day of your life when pale like a person to my average fucking Tuesday. And it is your fault. God is unhappy because you don't try to hurt him. God hates the lazy. God wants people to try and understand. They know us. They're looking how we see the ones who are really trying. See if people don't try it all.  I see people like you. Most of you are in this pathway. Somewhere you convince yourself you're trying. You tell all our people you're trying. Eat the dark. No, I'm really, you're done. I'm trying. A lot of people come to me and say, how do I become successful? I say you're lazy. I'm not lazy. You are fucking lazy. Everybody is monumentally lazy. Nobody understands what genuine work ethic in you saw Sidney false is. And for me, it's hard to understand because I struggle to not work. I struggle to sleep. I struggle to relax. I can't sit and watch nothing. I can't sit and play with you. If I can't do the dumb shit, everyone does, all I can do is conquer earth. I can't even turn my brain off long enough to become unconscious. So it's very difficult for me to understand people who sit there. I want to be successful, but I can't find a moment. They should be waiting a second. You need to be working. And I'm going to handle every excuse because I want to answer this question. Yeah. Compendiously. Because most people who come to me and say, oh, I'd love to be rich. No, you wouldn't. Because if you'd love to be rich, you'd be. Now people say, well, I don't know what to work on. That's another one.  And the reason that's lies because it's always low work to do. Now how much you care about something is directly correlated to how much work you find to be. If you truly love a coin, you can polish it forever. Right? You can find work to do. If you sit and go over my workstun, you can't try to find it. You can always find it. I don't get a shit. I'm a carpenter and I finish my work. You drop me and it's my company. Oh, I don't want to do that. I want to stay here. There you go. There's your fucking answer. So you can find work to do in any sphere. My entire life is work. And when I say that, people think that's depressing. No, it's not depressing. I love it. Every single thing I do this work. When I go to the gym, it's all my fantastic shape. I can call it when I'm brokey and then I don't want to come up to get my streaks and all fuck them up. Work. When I come here and do a podcast and I'm in a nice conversation with you, tell me. Life is work. Existence is work. Yeah, that's a mental trick. You have to rewire your brain. That's one of the things you have to rewire your brain to do. And the reason your brain needs to be rewired is because anyone who is watching this stream below the age of 30, your  Your brain is already broken. And I'll tell you it's broken. I'll tell you why. Watch your friends when they're on TikTok. How long can they even focus on a video before they have to change? Half a second. I'll say hello. All of your minds are broken. You can't even focus on anything anymore. You are calm. You're distracted to the point where you can't even appreciate the good things in your life. You're distracted. Your minds are broken. You need to rewire your mind and resist the slave programming. How? They have broken. I'll tell you how. First thing you have to do is identify it. You have to identify what is happening to you. I use my mind to break the trap. What I do is I allow my enemy to manipulate me on purpose. And then I use my mind to break the trap and punish the perpetrators. I will sit on TikTok for a day. I'll just enjoy TikTok. And by the end of the day, I'll watch myself. How fucked, how quickly I'm looking to be in a...  how little time I give a video, how fucked up I am. And then I'll blink and I'll cure my fucking brain. You must allow yourself to manipulate it and you must fix it. All of it. You just talked about not appreciating the things you have. Then blink and cure your brain. It's a conscious decision. You're letting other people control your mind. You're letting all of the distractions. The Matrix is trying to control your mind. They're very good at it. That's what they do to control all of us. You have to break the trap. If you cannot control your own mind, let me make this point extremely important. If you cannot control your own mind, then you are just a feather in the wind of life. Because your own mind is the only thing you can control. You can't control the weather. You can't control people. You can't even control whether your heart stops beating. You might have a heart attack tomorrow. You can't control anything besides what you think. If you cannot control your own mind, then you go through life with zero control. Zero influence. You can't control anything.  You're just a feather in the wind waiting for life to blow you from happy place to sad place to happy place to sad place Completely hoping on the gods to be fortunate to you because if any genuine discomfort comes your way you're fucked It is trained like everything else in life. It is trained So if you find yourself not appreciate what you have those gone then you must blink and cure your brain If you find yourself unable to focus or concentrate on tasks You must blink and cure your brain if you find yourself unable to go and dedicate yourself to something you don't want to do You must blink and cure your brain because our all of our minds have been under constant assault for years The genuine the way the mind functions the way people interact has changed so significantly in the last ten years You wouldn't believe if you go to a party today as opposed to a party ten years ago They look completely different people are acting differently people are on their phones now that it used to be even now people will go to places  only to get an Instagram picture even if they don't enjoy the place. It's all about pretending they're having fun as opposed to actually having fun. The entire paradigm of society and how we interact has now changed. Every single thing in the world is attempting to influence you. If you have another paradigm that people may understand, I ask people, people have these beliefs. Doesn't matter what their belief is. Doesn't matter. They believe in something. I say, where did you get that belief from? And they don't know. Oh, I, well, it's just how it's supposed to be. We're just supposed to wear a mask, whatever it is, right? Where did you get that belief? Who told you that? And does that person have your best interests at heart? Think about it. Think about all the things you truly believe. Think where you learn it and think of that person actually gives a fuck about you. Because the only thing you should be learning from is personal experience with people who genuinely care about you and love you. Most people are out here believing things and repeating things that are told to them by people who don't even fucking like them. By their enemies. Everyone's mind is fundamentally fucked.  all of it. Look at me. I'm a guy who decided to conquer social media. I blinked. I cured my brain. I used basic indifatigability. I used perspacacy. I used compenduousness. I used my mind and I focused and I fucking conquered the world a few short months. It's not difficult. There's just no competition because everybody's fucking distracted. They're getting distracted by this, distracted by that. Watching a fucking Netflix jerk and off to Borne Hub. Like fucking jackasses. It's so easy to win if you can control your own mind. But it seems nobody fucking can. And that's how the people who run the world keep the world running because they have all the slaves exactly where they need them to be permanently distracted and semi-depressed. Working their asses off in jobs which will never satisfy them and never pay enough money. That's the matrix. It's a cycle. It's a cycle. It's a repeating cycle. Like people like they coordinate to and the problem is to schools. Schools like don't really teach the best things. I like.  Tools are designed to spake you a slave. You're set up for slavery. Whole things are fucking scam. The education systems are scam. The judicial systems are scam. The medical systems are scam. Look at these last few years. You're living in Canada. You don't learn that everything's a fucking scam. All of it. Oh, but don't worry. If things don't go my way, I'll get to go to court and have my say in court. Yeah, that's fair. We learned that that doesn't mean a fucking thing. The law doesn't mean a thing. Your rights don't mean a thing. It's all a fucking scam. The only hope you have is to cure your brain, see the attacks which are coming from from the matrix, get a strong network of individuals such as the war room, and then learn how to escape. Most people are so deep inside of their programming. What did Morpheus say in the matrix? Most people are so hopelessly dependent on the system they will die and fight the defendant. Most people sit here and pretend that the world they live in is just unfair because they are fucking slaves. So, you have to break the slave mind to truly resist the programming you have to understand what's happening to you.  And this is only the beginning. I could talk about this for hours and hours and hours. But the basic answer to everything is you must control. Everybody always says, If you tried your best, that's all that matters. The best is all you can do. If you tried your best, it doesn't matter what happens. It doesn't matter if you lose if you tried your best. Most people have heard that before. But there is a secret to the universe that most don't know. If you actually try your best, you can't lose. Not pretend to try your best. Not try your best, not try your best 90% of the time. Not try your best with excuses. If you genuinely try your best all of the time, all day every day, it's impossible to lose. So when people say, if you tried your best, it's okay to lose that as a logic fail. Because if you lost, you didn't try your best in the first place. If you actually try your best, it is impossible to fail in this life. God is watching and He rewards those who want it the most. If you want it the most, you can have it. It's a competition. Every dollar you want, the house you want, the car you want, other people want.  You have to win. You have to want it the most and genuinely do your best because most people aren't capable of doing their best anymore To get up every day Whether they feel like it or not and perform regardless That is the secret you cannot fail if you try your best So if you don't have the car you want the woman you want the relationship you want the friends you want the house you want You haven't been trying your best because I guarantee you the second you do you have all of it I believe there's only three reasons people in Orange one of three reasons. They're either stupid arrogant or lazy Stupid is actually the smallest category People think all you know they're lost stupid people there are but I know a lot of stupid people a lot money Right, there's so much money in the world to be too stupid to generate money I think it's less than 5% of the population for a genuinely too dumb to ever make a good wage Then you have arrogant and lazy and these are the two most common lazy because people just oh, you know But I need time to myself. Oh, you know, but it's the evening or you know, it's high  for competitive, there are people who do not need times to themselves, there are people there's an Indian and Islam or there's a guy in Islamabad who do your job online for $3 an hour, he doesn't sleep. You're gonna lose, right? So if you're gonna be lazy in any regard, you have to understand there are people like me who are billionaires who work 18 hours a day. When I finish this, I get into my car and I open my laptop and I work on my way to my next appointment. I'm gonna work all night till the day I go to sleep. I close my laptop and I'm asleep in a minute, man. I work. That's all I do. Lazy is a big problem because people go, oh, but I just want to relax. If you just want to relax, that's fine. But you're competing against people who just don't want to relax, you're gonna lose. And the last, and I'd say that's around a lot of people have that element to them. A lot of people are lazy. That's about 50% of people. But the main reason people are not rich is because they're arrogant. If you were to take somebody who says, I'm doing my best, I'm really trying. And you were to get an exact schedule of their last week and find all the times they've wasted time. You'd say, look, you've wasted time, wasted time, you know what's actually amazing? Most of those people are not even self reflective enough to go to your right. I'm watching.  I'm not a message, you know what they'd say? Well, I have to, we're asked sometimes, well, I have to have a social life. Well, they'd be so arrogant, because they're arrogant. I have to do my face, but, yeah, yeah, you'd even show them. Here's where you fucked up. Well, you know, I have to, you're crazy. And then they go back to me to loser. A lazy person thinks he's working too hard and a successful person thinks he isn't working hard enough and we're doing 20 times the work they are. And we're like, oh, I could have done more, I could have done this. Oh, I missed that today, can't miss that again. I'll should've taken that call, I should've flown there. I should've, you know, we have guilt about it. They don't give a solitary fuck. And even if you point it out to them, they'd sit there and go, oh, yeah, and they'd make some excuse for it. It's the brutal arrogance of people. Perhaps 50, 60 years ago, you could be a normal man, the normal job, have a normal life, and a normal life, and a normal house, and a normal car would be happy. But what we are now living in is proving that being a normal man is nothing more than slavery. Being a normal law, biting sits in with a normal income, and a normal wage, and one passport, and a normal wife, was in a leony depressed. So it relates to the leony viewed again.  that fucking suicidal and miserable. This is what I don't understand about people, especially men in the world today. Why are they so worried about being afraid? Why are they so worried about? I was afraid of time I fought. I fought anyway. Like, I don't let fear guide what I'm gonna do. I do what I'm supposed to do regardless of how I feel. So I don't see anything wrong with feeling fearful. I don't see anything wrong with feeling stressed or under pressure or anxious. All these things men are trying to get rid of. And I talk about men specifically, I gender this because I'm a man. I don't know how it feels to be a woman. But all these things that people are trying very hard to get rid of from their brains, I don't see why they need to leave. I will argue the point that if I feel anxious and pressured and stressed and fearful, I will get more done than it was happy. I think I was happy. I'd just be head and stick and just wasting my time. I think that you get a whole bunch done with these negative connotations and negative emotions. And I think that life is suffering and pain. And you're here to go through it. And you're at that sooner you get used to the taste. The more successful you're gonna be. I have no interest in trying to change the flavor, my friend. The flavor of life is pain. And I-  eat all of it and it doesn't matter if they put me back in jail or not. I'm not sitting there going how can I be happy in jail I will sit in jail and say yes this sucks is supposed to suck yes I'm not enjoying this yes I'm anxious and paranoid and yes that guy might stab me and yes I can't sleep and I miss my family and this is what's supposed to happen to me and this is how I become the best man I possibly be and I'm gonna succeed regardless. So if you're not the person who's waking up every day going How do I improve my existence? Then nobody is. Nobody on the planet is considering improving your one spin on earth. Nobody else cares. So if you don't care then you're fucked. So you need to wake up and care and it's amazing to me like you're saying how did I find my mentors? I just tried a bunch of them like when I had no money I would try very hard to listen to lots of different people or I try different things and I wasn't I wasn't scared to invest in myself because I understand that look there he's taking time out his life and I need to reward him for it and actually and I tried very hard and I listened and I paid attention and I was never lazy. I don't believe there's a person on the planet who pays attention tries their best.  is never lazy, is on time, works hard, has a mentor, and is given it is all who is at rich. I don't believe it. I think that if you do all those things, you're rich. And if you don't have any money, you're missing one of those key elements. Now, you can fool yourself, and you can fool everyone else, and you can pretend you're doing them, but if you're truly honest with yourself, am I finding people who are trying to teach me what I want to know and am I trying my best? Nancy's fucking no every time. For YouTube, a come rich and successful is gonna require pain and suffering, and you have to understand exactly what your dream was life is to make the pain and suffering worthwhile. Think about it. Have you ever been to the gym and seen a person in fantastic physical condition to strong the rip, they're large, and you say to them, how did you get so big and strong? And they say, I don't know. Oops, it kind of just happened. Or have you ever found a really rich man or a very successful man? I said, how did you become rich and successful? And he goes, I don't know, bro, I just woke up one day, and it kind of happened, and now I'm living my dream life. No, there is a very detailed plan and roadmap.  If you have to become strong, you must eat a certain way. You must train a certain way. If you have become rich, you must earn money a certain way. You must understand exactly how you're going to make money, whether you're going to be a public-facing figure like me or a man of the shadows with millions of dollars. Unknown, but extremely powerful. You have to design your dream life. What house you've been living. Who's your woman going to be? Is she blonde? Is she brunette? What car are you going to drive? Have you even gone on the internet and spec'd your car? You can design your dream car right now. You can choose to car. You can choose to car. Is it a Lamborghini? Is it Ferrari? Is it a McLaren? How much does it cost to the dollar? You talk about your dream life. You don't even know what your dream life is. How do you expect to get to a destination when you don't know where you're going? The last thing I am is a hair. If you make a bunch of money and you pull it next to me to Lambo, I'm going to be the guy who sheds your hand. It says, gee, boom, you escaped the matrix. Congratulations. Welcome to the free world. That makes me happy. I want all of you to...  I'm not here, I'm not out here hoping I get to win and you lose. If you lose, you deserve to lose because you didn't take action. If you take action, you will win. You deal with procrastination. Why are you asking me that question? Why are you on this podcast asking me how to stop procrastinating? Turn off YouTube! Go do something! Jesus Christ! What's wrong with people? This is exactly what you were talking about. About asking a question when you already know the answer to, you know the answer is to stop doing things that waste your time and apply yourself to something important. Now this may not be a waste of your time, but let me tell you. You're a dumbass. Clearly, it's like googling how to get fit. Like you just said, everyone knows what push up is. Do 10,000 of them a day. Stop wasting your fucking time. I've never had to deal with procrastination. I've never had to deal with not being motivated because what is the alternative? Literally, be a loser forever. I am sick of reading shit on the internet saying, yeah, you know, some people are special and they take longer to bloom and your time will come. Let me tell you something, 99.0.  9% of people who are born broke, live broke, stay broke, die broke. That is the reality for almost everybody. The internet in there, it's all gonna come to you at the right time. Bullshit is fucking a slyop to keep you down. You already know the answer. You don't need me to tell you. Why the fuck are you asking four men who do not know you personally? How to stop waste your time? I don't even know what you do to waste your time. You already know the fucking answer. Can we ban this guy from our feed or do you guys want to hit him first? Yeah. You nailed it. For procrastination, I'm not gonna try and change who you are as an individual. I don't know you. Have fun staying poor. Have fun staying. I don't know your genetic makeup. If you were a warrior, you wouldn't be as a man. So you either get to become a warrior or you need to adopt the ways of a warrior or you need to accept your position in life, which is just to suffer the pain of being a loser forever. And get a job at the car wash. Maybe I'll tip you one day. Enjoy. I agree with what they're both saying. On a very, very practical level, me and Andrew were talking about this on the day. Just this morning on the way to...  Watch, I guess, or this afternoon. It's being perfect on purpose, man. Like, that always tell people like, shoot the fucking gun, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot. And as long as you're aiming in the general direction you're supposed to, no matter what you do, the first time you shoot that gun, you're going to have to adjust the scope. So shoot the fucking gun so you know how far you're off. Every business pivot, every workout plan is gonna pivot, everything is gonna change. You have to shoot the gun to know how far you're off, and then you start honing it in. And then you actually have a little bit of positive momentum that'll get your ass up and going. So shoot the fucking gun, miss on purpose, be on purpose, don't purpose, take action over everything, because you're never gonna do it perfect anyway. So just go, go, go, go. I hope that what these two gentlemen said, just now about you being a loser and me staying broke, pisses you off. Yeah. Because if it pisses you off, you might actually do something. Yeah. That is actually the blessing that these two just gave you is pissing you off. Or I'll see you in the car wash. I don't care.  If you turn your life around, I don't know you. I don't care. There's not many truly, like if you put effort into the universe, I think it's Newton's second wall, right? Equal office of course. The people always say, oh, I wish I had something to work on. You could work hard on anything. You could be the most jackass thing. You could work hard on, I don't know, fucking. Whittling. Whittling twigs. But if you truly work your ass off, it's difficult for a time at negative impact. Maybe you'll end up with an Instagram page, the best Instagram page on tweet, Whittling. Who knows, right? My point is that it's very hard to find truly, truly negative energy that's directed in a semi-positive direction. It's hard to say, I'm working my ass off the ex and it's made my life worse. You know, you're not doing anything and you're asking the question, hope that I'm going to give you some magical answer that's going to allow you to be motivated forever. The motivation isn't real. Everyone says, motivation isn't real discipline. I do not feel like training, but I still train because I'm a disciplined individual. Don't get to go through life only doing the things you feel like doing. Do you know who gets...  to do that. Women. Beautiful women. Beautiful women gets to do what they feel like doing. As a man, you have to do the things you're supposed to do. As what we said earlier, it's absolutely true. It's a player versus player. Now, if I wake up, I've already got this massive head start over you in life and you're the average genetic gift plus all my finances plus my network. And I wake up and I decide even though I don't feel like working on my ass off. And you wake up way down there, being on it and you can't be bothered to work. What chance do you have against men like us? You don't stand a chance. You can't get the girl. We'll take the girl off you. We'll bankrupt your ass. We'll kick you out your house. You name it. You don't stand a chance. Now, if you're going to wake up and look in the mirror and understand that you're absolutely not only crushable and you're a rabbit and that lions exist and that's not going to motivate you to do something about it that your lost cause. And there's no point asking us a question. You know exactly what you need to do. If you want to stay killable, then stay killable. But I can't live that way. I would refuse.  to live that way is a disgrace to my bloodline, such a disgrace to my parents who struggled to raise me, for me to be anything other than the best version of myself. That's honor. I honor to my last name and to my ancestry. It would be disgusting for them all to fault saber toothed fighters. So I can wait my lazy ass up, jerk off all day, and ask on YouTube how I can stop being a fucking loser. You understand where I'm coming from? No, 100%. So this is down to you, my friend, and listen. You may be filled fired up for 10 minutes after this little talk. You're not going to feel fired up forever. You need to put systems in place. You need to get disciplined. And like Justin says, you need to get an atmosphere of people around you who are going to keep you accountable. And not making easy for you to continue to be a fucking nobody. And then you're going to fix your life. Otherwise, you're going to stay in nobody. That's your problem. But ain't my problem. It's true. But also, we need people at the college. When I go to McDonald's and I order a burger, someone has to make it. I used to make them. I even hate it. If you're in McDonald's trying to beg yourself, working your job away, good.  for you, work under side hustles, work under self-heist, work at fast food, but we need people to make those burgers, because sometimes, and like us get home. Anybody who's ever lived with me have been around me, it's just the same thing, and very the highest energy person I've ever been. If you're awake, which seems to be always, you are doing something. You're never just chilling, you're never idle, you're never just TV, you're never I need to relax, you're never let's sit on the beach, sit by the pool, no, go, go, go, get shit, I really look at their lives and though you've had all these hours that there's nothing remarkable about them, imagine being alive for thousands and thousands and thousands of hours, and you're dedicated, none of them, towards excellence, literally precisely fucking easier, you've got enough work to pay your bills, then you want a little bit more money, that's what you call ambitions, to have some more money to satisfy your greed, that's your ambition, that's it, you don't wake up at the end, you know what, I want to be a bad most people have absolutely and other ways to their fucking lives.  You're watching this, I want you to know that 99% of you have wasted your life. So far, all the hours you've been alive, the majority of them, the conscious ones, you're not being a lazy fox, you're not wasting. You could have dedicated them towards brilliance. You could be an amazing piano player, you could be an fucking trot, didn't you? I could implore achievements out my fucking ass. Better than anyone you have. I have 20 achievements larger than any single individual achievement you have ever done, and I've got 20 in the same human time. And if there's any spark of that machine, if you're any fraction of a man, what I've said to you should resonate and you should bother you and you should change. You should blink and cure your brain. I was walking to school one day and walking to college six months. I had four friends, you're firing at best. And I was like, yeah, how's that grow? How do we get one of them? What do you mean done? I was doing it bother you and me as four in the grand for a car. Doesn't that angry you that he has 400 G's?  car and our parents are broke out of council statement. Look at this. That's the average man. But the other man has known fire inside of him. I'm 16. I couldn't sleep for three days to saw a rarion. I'm all-arried. Name's name's a single attribute for masculinity. We're just going to come from a place other than trauma or pain. I talk about this all the time. People say I've had a traumatic life. I say, well then you're very, very fortunate. You had a traumatic life. Now you may have missed used that trauma. You may have misplaced it. You may have accepted the matrix telling you the now but excuse to fail. I suppose to use and get to grow. But every single man of value went through trauma and they went through pain. It's going to be painful to get strong, painful to get rich, painful to become important. So be painful to become good with women. Your heart's going to get broken a bunch of times. You have to be prepared for the pain. If you're not ready for pain, you're never going to be anything that that matters. My pick walks and coach used to say to me, I used to come in the gym. I said, what do you hate the most? I hate money. I said, okay, you're going to run. I said, why it goes, whatever you hate is what you need.  Whatever you hate is what you need. I wanted to spark bad work, pads, no problem. Running, I didn't want to run, but that's what you need. And that's what life's about. You're not gonna be able to go through life avoiding pain and also becoming a man of quality. You're gonna have to be that guy who's been through so much shit that he can wake up and go, they say nothing. This ain't nothing compared to back then. This ain't nothing compared to that time. You know, and if you're not gonna be that guy, then you're gonna always suffer the consequences of not being that guy. There's pain to become important and there's pain and not being important. So you have to make a choice. That was 23, 22. I didn't know shit. I'm 35 now. I'm on the smartest man in the planet. And when I was 23, I didn't know shit. When you're 35, you're definitely gonna still be a dumbass. So when you're 23 like you are now, you don't know anything. Your only attribute is to fact you have Wolverine like healing abilities. You're not using it. Stop talking. Start listening. Get out there. Get her. Get the fuck back up. There's nothing that God hates more than sloth and laziness. They've got...  God would have created a man, and that man would sit around and do fuck all. God will frown upon you. It's why you're never lucky. If you're listening to this, you think I'm never lucky. I'll tell you why, because God dislikes you because you're fucking lazy. Start the work. Start to show God the beauty of his own creations. You'd be amazed how lucky you'll become. God is unhappy with these people. And inside their hearts, they're unhappy. We talk about depression, anxiety, all those things you mentioned to me earlier on in this podcast. You'll load your own weakness. You'll load your own laziness. This is what all of these things are. I don't feel depression. How can I feel depression when I'm the most powerful version of me that I could ever fucking be? Most men are walking through life and they don't realize that it's constant competition. Every single pound they want, someone else wants. Every single girl they want, someone else wants. And they're just sitting there just fucking floundering and wandering through life, unaware of how competitive the world is. And this is my point. If the world is truly that competitive, you do not have time to be depressed, because it's a non-competitive mind state. You could be depressed for X, Y, Z, whatever. I'm not depressed. And I want the money you want, and I want the girl you want, and I want the status you want, and the car you want...  I'm gonna get it and you're fucking not. I don't give a shit. What happens to me in my life? I don't care how bad it is. I don't care if the worst, most heinous things I can possibly imagine happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression, will be temporary. Because I will never stay lost. It is against my creeds, not my dead. All of your minds are broken. You can't even focus on anything anymore. You are called distracted to the point where you can't even appreciate the good things in your life. You're distracted. Your minds are broken. You need to rewire your mind and resist the slave programming. If you cannot control your own mind, then you are just a feather in the wind of life. Because your own mind is the only thing you can control. You can't control the weather. You can't control the people. You can't even control whether your heart stops beating. You might have a heart attack tomorrow. You can't control anything besides what you think. If you cannot control your own mind, then you go through life with the zero control. Zero influence. You can't control anything. You're just a feather in the wind. Waiting for life to blow your-  I'm a happy place to sad place, to happy place, to sad place. Completely hoping on the gods to be fortunate to you because of any genuine discomfort comes your way, you're fucked. It's so easy to win. If you can control your own minds, the seams and nobody fucking can. Your own father's chained me. And you don't even feel fucking motivated to do shit. It's a fucking shame. You're to go and look your father in the eye and say, you know what, I could have been a fucking... I could have been a UFC champion. I could have been a multi-millionaire, I could have been a race car driver, I could have been a fucking... Nukes or physicists, could have done all these things, but I was busy on forno. Do you think he's we proud of you? Fuck no. People who go, yes, I'm wasting my potential. Those are the ones who have potential. The ones who stand up and go, I am wasting my potential. I could be anything and I am no. That, yes. They have a chance. This is your prerogative as a man. When you meet me in still with a sense of duty, due to your bloodline, you must... Want it. You need to want to deep inside your soul. I can't die as anything less than emperor. As a man, if you don't make yourself valuable, you have no value.  You have to get up and do it. Just like a video game, you start with fucking zero. You have to decide if you want to complete it, you have to upgrade your character. So I find it amazing that MetaGrader gonna play video games and fuck about waste of time instead of upgrading their character. Everyone knows what to do. You know what you have to do. If you add the most dangerous, intelligent, respectable man on the planet, you know you're supposed to be legit. You know you're supposed to train, learn how to fight. You know all these things. You don't do it. That's your decision, you're a braugative. I didn't make that choice. I made the choice to do it all. I decided all. I had every single man watching this to do the exact same thing. Which is why I have very little pain. When I do these streams of people think I'm arrogant or I'm rude to people. But if you know if you've made a fucking reason to be less than you should be, then I believe you should be mocked for that. And me as a man, when I put my fell through hell, when I have had such exacting, such stringent standards for myself, why would I then have less exacting stringent standards on the people I meet? Why would I put my fell through hell to be me?  and then meet someone who didn't put themselves through hell and then treat them like my equal. No, fuck you. And I suffered when you did it. So you're not my equal. Because you decided not to suffer. You have enjoyed comfort when I have it and that's fine, but don't expect me to look at you as my equal because you're not. Because I put myself through hell. But myself through hell because I decided to throw comfort away. For 10 years of my life, I was never comfortable. My basic premise is that I refuse to believe in things I think I'll ever wafer. The idea that I believe that if you feel depressed, something is depressing you, and you should try your best to fix it, you should take control of your life and your best to fix it. Unless your girl leaves you to start to feel depressed. But you believe in the idea of depression. You're now going to start diagnosing yourself as clinically depressed. Self-hit, no-sing yourself, and then hypnotizing yourself to being clinically depressed. And it's amazing how you can speak things into existence. I cannot become depressed. Because I don't believe in it. Let's pretend I'm going to put you in wrong, right? The best option, the best thing to do, is still to get up. Be in at all, control your emotions, be stoic, and do the things you're supposed to do today. Laying and bad and doing nothing is never going to be the best option. The best option.  is still to go to the gym to work hard to run your business. So it doesn't matter. We're talking about the different positions on the chest. But if the rules of the game remain the same, regardless of the position you're still trying to win, you still have to do the same things. So does it even matter? At this point, if you come along and say he's depressed because of X and he's depressed because of Y, he's depressed because of Z. And the answer to all of them is still the same thing. But I don't give a fuck why you're depressed. Yeah, what I'm saying is you're playing a game in a specific competitive game, and you need to build a mindset that allows you to be ultra competitive. You want to sit there and say, no, I want a non-competitive mindset. Then fine. You know what you call people who do not win competitions. This is correct. This is just a bottom line of life. And it's kind of interesting because everyone pretends they give a fuck, but nobody does. Especially women. Women truly don't give a fuck. If you ask a woman what kind of man she wants, you will never say depressed or sad. Ever. She wants a man who is ultra capable, ultra competent. They want someone who is fun and spontaneous and charismatic and successful. They don't have time for sad dudes. They don't care. So.  So the world doesn't care. The world has never given a shit about sad men. So if you're gonna sit there and self-diagnose yourself as a sad man, you're gonna have a shit life and nobody's ever gonna give a fuck and you're gonna potentially use forever. And as your decision, I am so scared of being that person. The idea of that terrifies me to the point where I don't even want to accept that as a reality that compulsively exists. I don't give a shit what happens to me in my life. I don't care how bad it is. I don't care what worst, most heinous things like a compulsory imagined happen to me. I know that my sadness, my depression, will be temporary. Because I will never stay loose. It is against my creeds on my hand. Say try and convince you, don't worry if you're being a loser because people will feel sorry for you and you get attention for it and you'll be okay in the end. And it's all this temporary fixes of dope in me by saying, I'm sad, don't worry bro, you'll be okay. But it's bullshit. They don't care long term. The world doesn't care. Nobody really cares. Chicks don't care. This doesn't care. You are going to fail. You can have anything you want in the planet. There's not a girl I look at that I want that I can't have. Not one. But some are really. There's not a car I can't have. There's not a house I can't-  I want to go to a yacht, I want to go to Antarctica. There's nothing I can't have. Ben, I've decided to become this man. It's the same for absolutely every single one of you home. If you actually try and you actually want it, and you're actually not making excuses, lying, talking shit, you're going to get what you want. So when I see people who don't have what they want, I consider them losers. And this may be elitist, I understand that. But if I put myself through endless pain to end up where I am, it's very hard for me to have sympathy on the man who's afraid of pain. You're avoiding pain. I've been through endless. I now have everything I've ever desired. You have none of the things you've done. Am I supposed to feel sorry for you? Because you'd be the way out. Am I supposed to look at you and go, aw, for dude? No, you were a fucking coward. You didn't go through the shit I went. You didn't put it on the line. So you deserve your substandard, really. That's what you deserve, you're a fucking loser. Because if you actually wanted it, and you actually tried, you'd have it. You could have anything you want. The universe is super good.  If you want it, you can have it. If you're sitting there saying, oh, but I tried my best and I still didn't get it. You're lying. You didn't try your best. That is a fucking lie. The universe gives it to everybody who genuinely tries. And I know that to be a fact because this world's competitive, we're all competing against each other. And the majority of people don't try. But I've achieved this amazing life and I've tried very, very hard. But it could have been harder. You get to a point where you're like, you're tired of hearing your fucking excuses. That's bullshit. And you become to a degree, yeah, cold and psychopathic. It's true. That's what happens. And I get it all the time. I get thousands of emails a day. Everyone I grew up with, people I know. I get it all the time. They'll message me. Hey, man, you know, just unlucky. You are not unlucky. You are a lazy fucking loser. That's you are not unlucky. You are breathing. You're lucky. The unlucky ones are gone. You're alive and you are a lazy loser. Does anybody who does not have everything they want have the drop of the hand?  when I was broke, I couldn't sleep. I don't know how those broke people out here sleeping just fine at night. Going home, you know, inflation is 20%, gas prices are six times, everything on the news is a lie. I never stand a chance for every getting rich, worth my pillow. Like, what the fuck are you all with, you people? But I'd go to bed at night. As a teenage, I'd looked it up on the internet who's a Honda Civic Type R on one of ones 38,000 pounds, like the money. What's 50 pounds, what bank? I'm good and for it. I looked up how much a Ferrari cost, 210,000 pounds. And I said, it's sad, my cousin brother, I was like, there are people with 210,000 pounds for car. How? If I worked my job for six years and saved every penny, if I walked to work and didn't eat, I couldn't buy this car. I believe in the works, but a little harder. I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work.  It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world, but I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmo's gonna smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift. You understand? You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go, I work smart, I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I am absolutely not really a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life is work. This podcast is work. I'm getting the car and what's another meaning work. I'm gonna fuck a bitch. That's work. She's gonna be on my arm at the fucking can on the film festival. That's more credibility. I consider it work to fuck her. That's work. I'm gonna go to the gym so I'm in good shape. Work. It's all work. My entire life is work. And people don't...  I want to look at life that way. They want to talk about work, life, balance, and being lazy and all this crap. I don't believe in anything that I believe in. If you want to win, you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work. This player versus player. If you're going to sit there and go, I don't want to work more than an hour a day, well, the guy who does want to work more than an hour a day is going to beat you. And no matter how smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And this is why we talk about things like passive income. Passive income is a fucking scam. I'm tired of people. I'm tired of people coming to me saying, I want to make passive income. And I sit there and say, what methods of passive income would you say this come? It's not about it being a scam. It's about the mentality towards it is a scam. I'm, look, everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep. I get it. You need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money, you run out of time. You can't make enough money. I understand all those principles. My point is, if you have no money and you're coming to me saying, I want to make passive income, why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and  Work first because there's no such thing as completely truly 100% passive You're gonna have to check on it. You have to maintain it. You have to find a new tenant for that property You're gonna have to make sure that DeFi crypto farm your in-disagotus zero is on a rock pool You're always gonna have to keep an eye on it, right? But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is amazing to me You should be worried about active income if you show me if I'm a broken And you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour I don't sit there and go okay, but how can I make that passive? I go cool. I make an 18,000 dollars a day Cuz I'm gonna work You don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time I look at passive income because I have 18 hours a day I work when all 18 of those hours are done and my workload still is finished I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive either via staff or whatever else And that's how I work smart I use all of my time and when all my time is done now I have to become more efficient so that I get more done  within the same time frame. To sit there and say, I don't want to use my time, so I won't pass a income. He's dumb at, he's dumb shit. The 16 year old making 45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me, go, I don't want to make the tip talks. I want someone else to make a passive that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working. You have to just work. Some point you have to buy a bullet and just work. So when someone comes to me, I talk about passive income and they're a broke you. I'm like, you are just lazy. You are lazy. You will never get anywhere. Lazy people will never get anywhere and like, doesn't matter what age, I'm everything, tennis or money. If you're lazy, you're never going to get there. That's true, but it's fucking true bro. They're lazy and the other thing about people is they're quitters. I can't stand quitters. We have a thing that's like a house in university. If someone is unsubscribed, I ban them. Is it? You're not allowed to rejoin. And they email me like, oh sorry, I had a problem with my card. I don't rejoin. I don't need members. I got money. I do not need your membership. I do not need you. It's not a business where we need you. You need us, right? So if you're going to kind of person who's going to quit because it's hard, then fuck off. I don't even want your energy around me.  Because quitters are the worst people on the planet you can give a quitter absolutely everything and they will still fail You can give it doesn't matter what it is if you go to IKEA and buy a flat pack Fucking table put it in front of a quitter. You will never have a table. You'll look at it You know quit Quitters can have every single advantage Quitters can have all the information Quitters can have all the tutelage Quares can have a mentorship Quares can have someone who messaged them every morning. Hey bro. Let's get it And guess what they're gonna do at the end quit They ain't never gonna have shit. So if you're a quitter. I don't even want you even inside my organization I don't want quitters you were near me because you're never gonna be successful and the people who join and then quick Because they had to do an hours work and the people who come along and go take to the system maybe it's a scam Idiots peals they will stay brokeies and waities forever leave them there Right, you need the people who don't quit. I don't quit every single Facet of my life is testament to the fact that I don't quit when people see my plane in the sky You can you can say whatever you want about me. You can call me arrogant. You can go anything you want You cannot call me a quitter. I didn't  So that's the difference when it was hard I did it anyway as who I've always been and if you don't have that kind of tenacity You're never gonna be anything so the people who come along talk about passive income. They sound like quitters to me It's not people don't want to work. I love work. I'm ready to work. I'll dig a hole Bro, you offer me a billion dollars right now. Give me a shovel. I'll dig a hole. Give me the shovel give me the money I will dig a hole. I'm not afraid