 I'm going to do about the story. The time, my brand new Aston Martin got stolen. I only had it for two weeks in the most failed society on earth, London. So this story starts with me quitting gambling. I quit gambling. I know. I shouldn't have done that. I quit gambling and everything went wrong in my life. So I quit gambling. I was gambling all the time at this one casino. And I made some money. I lost some money anyway. I lost like 15 grand. I went back the next day and I won like 20 grand and I'm up. And I was leaving and I saw on the wall ban yourself, self ban. And I thought, you know what? Everyone bans themselves from the casino when they've lost lots of money. I'm going to ban myself when I just want a bunch of money. I'm going to beat the casino. I'm going to win the house. So when they're the manager going to ban myself please. He was like, really? Because he's never seen someone ban themselves after a big win. It's a yellow and a bad mindset because you just made money. You're going to come back. No, no. That's what you're doing.  What you want, that's what I'm going to do. No thanks, ban me. Feel out the paperwork. Ban myself from my favorite casino in London. The sports minute was called. Ban myself with my winnings, thought out with the G. Went home with all my money. I've quit gambling now. I quit a winner. The only man to beat the casino. And one week later, I just bought this brand new Aston Martin Vantage V8S. There's a picture of it here you can see. The pow. So I'm cruising. Am I asked it? Being cool. Like I am. Cruising. I drive past the casino. I do kind of feel like gambling. But I'm ban. So whatever. Driving, driving, driving, driving. Then London traffic hits. So hit traffic. And I hit traffic coincidentally directly outside a different casino. So I'm sitting in traffic. It's casino there. It's like two in the morning on a fucking Sunday night. I don't know why there's traffic. Some road works. London is the most shit city. Two a.m. on a Sunday. You're sitting in traffic. Sitting there. Sitting there. Five minutes. Ten minutes. Cars ain't moving. Casinos there. Cars ain't moving. Pull over. Go into this new.  casino. This is where the story gets bad quickly. I go in this new casino, I sit down, blackjack, pow pow pow, whatever whatever, I lose 6 grand. I come out 6 grand pour, my car is not there. Now I parked in a disabled bay. There's like a disabled area, but it's 2 in the morning on a Sunday. There's no traffic wardens, plus I'm a G, I do over the fuck I want. So I parked there. So when I got out of my car right in there, I was like, they must have towed my car. They towed it for parking into disabled bay because you can't steal brand new Aston Martin's. It's a brand new car. It's an Aston Martin. You can't steal that kind of car. It's not like it's a fucking shit old car. Now I've never had a car stolen before. So I went, I looked at the sign, I called the number up, called the tow truck guy. I was like, hi, you've towed my car. Because what car is it? It's an Aston Martin. Because there's no Aston Martin here. I was like, okay, well, it was in a disabled bay. I take it and he goes, yeah, we do have a couple trucks out tonight, but maybe they haven't gone back to the compound yet. Sometimes it takes them half an hour, 45 minutes to get back here.  with the car, so give me a call back. So I'm like, oh, fuck sake. So they picked up my car, they're still in traffic, they haven't gone back to the compound yet, whatever. Hours gone by, call up my man. Yo, I asked him, I need to come get it. He goes, no, I've called the truck drivers, there's no asked him, we don't have an asked him, I'm like, what do you mean you don't have an asked him, you told me to call back. He goes, yeah, I've called the truck drivers, we didn't pick one up, it was not us. So then I was like, are you sure he goes broke? The guy in the phone goes, your car's been stolen. I was like, you can't steal brand new asked him, I get these calls every day for Ari, ask him, I'm Lamborghini, someone stole your fucking car. I was like, no fucking way, they stole my car. So I never had a car stolen before, so I call the police. Hi, my car has been stolen, they go tell me what happened, I said, my car's been stolen, I was in the casino, I just lost some money, I'm at this casino, I'm in central London, two o'clock in the morning, central London, I said, it's called stolen, it was bright white lights, clear lights as clear as day, and they stole my car. It's not like it was hidden, it wasn't anywhere dark, it was on a fucking public road, they stole my car. And what happened was this, when I got out of the car, and,  locked the car. There was a van, maybe 20 meters ahead. And when I pressed the button to lock the car, they somehow picked up the code of the key and a laptop. And they replicated the key code. This is like fucking fast and furious shit. And on CCTV, you see me locked the car, go inside. Five minutes later, these dudes got on the back of a van, dressed as traffic wardens, dressed with the fucking full uniform. So no one suspected a thing with a laptop, pressed a few buttons to car on locks. There's three of them. Two, one and get any other side. The one, the third one goes to the back, opens up the boot instinctively. Goes into boot, takes out my fucking briefcase. Passport, six grand cash, debit cards, a laptop, iPad, my second phone. Everything was in a fucking briefcase in the boot of my car. Can I take the briefcase, closes it, thing. They sit in the car for another three to four minutes, bang, they get started and they fucking speed off. Unbelievable. So now I know my car is installing. So I'm sitting, I call the police back and go, it's been a fucking hour, where are you guys?  My car is in fucking stolen, my car is in stolen. We're sending someone, we're sending someone, yeah, it's very busy. So we need this fucking busiest 3 a.m. on a Sunday. Only in London are people getting murdered at 3 a.m. on Sunday. Only in London is there enough crime on a Sunday at 4 a.m. that the police are overworked. So I'm sitting there, sitting there, sitting there. I had to wait two and a half hours for the police to turn up, in central London. In the middle of London, the most busy metropolitan area of the great United Kingdom, I had to wait two fucking hours and eventually guess who turns up. Two women in a corsah, two females. One was about five foot two. Bro, she was like this big, had a little hijab on. Little Muslim girl, this big. And then her counterpart was a little bit bigger. These two little, little girls, turn up in a fucking Voxel Opel corsah. Oh, hello, Mr. Tate. I was like, who are you? Where the police take a statement? Take a statement. Oh, and take a statement, I'm gonna fucking car back. By now it's almost 9 a.m. I've been calling the car salesman because I had his personal.  number, bought the car from, saying the car has been stolen. No, it's 7am, I remember, because he woke up at 7am, 7.05, he calls me back and I said, what happened? He goes, okay, I'll find a way to get the tracker activated. So I'm sitting there with the girls and the car has been called back, goes, okay, we've got the location of the car, it's still in London. But I said, the police women, I know where the car is. Let's go. Do you know what they said to me? We can't chase your car because it's too dangerous. What's what do you mean? Oh, we don't send, we, in car thefts because people never stop. We won't send the police to chase them because it's a public hazard. I was like, you telling me people stole my car and the police won't chase them? London is the most failed society. So I was like, what do you mean? She goes, well, we're not chase trained anyway. I said, what does that mean? She goes, oh, well, our car is not prepared to chase and we're not chase trained. I said, why did they send two fucking police officers who aren't chase trained in a car that can't drive fast to a car theft? So what kind of bullshit is this? She goes, we're just here to take a statement. Okay, statement, my car was stolen.  Done. Statement. She goes, no, no, we need to take a proper statement and if we take a proper statement, maybe we can get the helicopter out. Okay, fine. So I'm sitting there. I'm fucking frustrated now. So I'm sitting there. Alright, statement. Let's go. Let's get this over quick. Let's get the helicopter out. Let's find the fucking car. She goes, okay, on name, Andrew, tape. Date of birth. I don't have time for this shit. My car isn't fucking stolen. What do you mean name date of birth? Where you live? What happened? I went in the casino and then I came out. My car wasn't there. My fucking car was stolen. You fucking bimbo. I ain't got time for this shit. So right in front of the police officers, I call my boy. And I say, fahead. Get the fucking Ferrari. We're going to fucking chase this car. The police also goes, uh, excuse me. You know, you can't chase it. I said, whoa, the police are going to chase the car. I'll chase my own fucking car. So I call my boy. I said, he's coming to get me in 15 minutes in this Ferrari. We'll fucking chase the car. You're telling me your car can't catch it. We'll catch it.  And they go, no, no, no, that's unlawful behavior. She gets on the radio saying, he's going to chase the car, he's going to chase the car. Over the radio, I heard them discussing detaining me. The men, police are now threatening to arrest me to prevent me from fucking chasing my own car through London because it's a public health hazard. Unbelievable. I'm saying, is this the fucking clown world Britain has become? Are you serious? That we know where the stolen car is. You won't even fucking intercept it. And when I want to go intercept my own car, you're threatening to arrest me to prevent me from damaging public health. What kind of fucking, what planet is this? What planet is this? They're on the radio back and forth, back and forth. And I heard the little one, the little jabi one, say, maybe we need a male officer. Basically saying, we can't arrest this dude. He's two little women who can't arrest me, but threatening to. Can't chase anyone, but tell him I have to fucking sit still. So I said, okay, I agree. This is my public declaration. I got my phone out and start recording. I wish I still had this fucking video. This is my declaration. I agree, I will not chase the car.  I'm saying now I'm free to go, I'm not a criminal, I'm free to go, I will not chase the car. And they were like, they knew I was lying. They were like, you're going to go chase the car. So you're free to go, I've left my statement, I'm not going to chase the car, I'm going to cost a lot of coffee. I'm going to have a coffee. Thank you, officers, thank you. I'm leaving now, but I don't think we'll have no reason to arrest me. So I was saying this, and they were saying on the radio, they were sort of explaining what's going to happen on the radio. Eventually, eventually, someone half sane over the radio said, okay, we're going to send an interception unit. And they sent the attuned BMWs in England, the Met Police have these supercharged BMWs. They sent the attuned BMWs to the location. When my boy Fahid pulls up outside, I jump in the rally in front of the two stupid ass bimbos standing there watching me, and we fucking speed off. So by the time I get to the car's location, the police are already there. And what the theft the thieves have done is they've taken the car, stripped it of all my briefcase everything, and they parked it. And the reason they do this is because they know luxury cars have trackers, so they park it.  like a hidden location and they leave it for like two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, and they wait and see if it gets found. And if it doesn't get found, then they worry about what to do with it because they don't want to do anything too much of it while it's a tracker on it because they get caught in the car. And they have a lookout. So they have a lookout watching to see if police turn up. So once the police turn up, the thieves know the game's up. So when we got there, the police were already there and the police were like looking in the windows and around and goes, yeah, in one of these council houses, they have a lookout who's been here waiting for us who's probably already told the thieves that the car had a tracker. So is there any way we can find a lookout? It goes, no, it's just going to be like some cousin or some friend. Someone who you can't link to them in any way. There's a lot of houses around here. It's impossible for us to say who it is or what it is. So basically all you can do is take your car back now. I was like, okay, and I got to, I went to open the car to sit in and sit inside of it and there's a newspaper. And there was a newspaper folded in half so I could newspaper like this. And I had tape on the bottom, some tape. It was like this and I had some tape. And it was on the passenger seat. So I get in the car. I didn't want to touch it.  I sent to the police. That's not mine. It might be some prints or something. They left that there. Police officer goes, ah, okay, it gets, puts his gloves on. Takes it, picks it up. It wasn't in a newspaper, and so I was a fucking knife. So it's two or three pieces of paper like this. It's thin. This is to handle with tape, and it looks like they're holding a piece of paper, but they can just fucking stab you, never see it in a million years. Fucking a knife was sitting there. So if I would have intercepted them, if I would have come out at the time, it could have got fucking messy, because we know how people get stabbed in London. And it wasn't a small knife. It was a good knife, like you'd be fucked. So there's a knife there. So they take the knife for DNA. I take my car to Ashton Martin to because they drove over speed bumps to fast fuck the whole car up. So next day I get a call from the head of organized crime for the men, and he said, hi, my name is whatever, whatever our camp members name now, mark something. I'm the head of organized crime for the Metropolitan Police, the gang who stole your car, stole $40 million with the cars in the last six months. This is an epidemic that's played.  our city, it's going to damage our economy, we cannot have people coming here with luxury cars and the cars go missing. And your car is the first major breakthrough where we got DNA and fingerprints from the weapon that's been recovered from the car. Can you come down to the police station ASAP? And for once I thought you know what, through all the incompetence, I mean obviously the two female officers were incompetent, women are incompetent. We all know that, women can't do anything. As soon as I needed police help and two women turned up, I knew the game was fucking you, I knew they were useless. Of course they are. They're women. But finally a man has called me a real person and he's the head of something and he invites me down to the police station. So I got on the police station and he goes, your car, I didn't know any of this, there's three brackets of theft and because your car is worth over 100,000 pounds, it's like grand theft. It's the highest value theft and these people are going to be looking to do five to six years. We now have their DNA and fingerprints, we know who they are. Also, the police impressed me. What happened was the fuckers when they took my briefcase, took on my debit cards and they had been running around stores because they didn't know my pin code, contactlessly buying things.  and Tesco and shit. And like generic shit, like washing powder, food, bullshit. So the police in 24 hours had already had all the CCTV from all the Tesco stores when my card was used and had all their faces. So now we have their faces and we have their DNA and we have their fingerprints. And we had their receipts of things they were buying. So I'm sitting there in front of the in the met head of met and I was super impressed. I was like, wow, so you know who they are? You got their faces? We know everything they've bought, where they've been. Because literally after they stole my car, after they parked the car, they just want to have fucking shopping spree. So it goes, we're gonna be making arrests in the next two days. I was like, bam! And how long are these guys going to jail? It goes minimum five years. So I was impressed for once. Impressed with the police for once. So I went home, two days later I got a call from the guy, bad news. Who was the bad news? He goes, they fled the country. Months and months and months never heard anything. Never heard anything, never heard anything, never heard anything. About two weeks ago, as a reason I'm telling this story now, two weeks ago I finally got an email from the police officer. The police officer, it's been, this is maybe three or four years ago this happened. Four years later, I don't know.  about the youth and the police officers. You know what you said? Hi, just give me an update, Mr. Tate. One of the men is in jail for life, and the other two have fled the country and haven't returned. I was like, okay, well, can I call you? So I called him and said, so where's the two going? He goes, well, they fled the country out of Morocco and we don't believe they're ever gonna return to the UK, because the three of them were involved in a murder, a double homicide, and we only call one of them. So one of the guys stabbed someone to death and is now in jail, and the other two have fled the country forever. Now they could have saved that person's life. The person who got stabbed to death could still be alive today if they arrested the fuckers when they stole my fucking car. But instead they let him run around London, watching them, let's just watch them while they fucking committed crime after crime after crime, and then stabbing someone to send guy to death. Some dude who's like 42, like four kids. Some fucking normal dude stabbed him to death for his fucking wallet. So one's gone to jail, two are in fucking Morocco live in the high life. That is the British justice system. The only person who fucking was getting besides to do it in jail, I had more threats of arrest than the other two. The other two fuckers were even getting threatened to be arrested. They were gonna arrest some...  me for trying to get my own fucking car back. London is a failed society. So I'm in Cannes and the French Riviera. It's blazing hot. I remember thinking this is France. Why is it so hot? It felt like the fucking desert. It was like 38 degrees. It was crazy hot. I've been out drinking the night before. I woke up in the morning. I was there with Tristan and a good friend of mine. The good friend of mine we're going to give alias. I think a lot of people who know me well might know who it is but if you don't know me that well we're already from Malice. We're going to call him James. So I'm with James and I wake up in the morning and James is at breakfast with these two chicks. So I went to sleep unsuccessful if he had two chicks with him. That's James. So we're sitting there, we're having breakfast. These two girls obviously want to leave. They have the walk of shame. They still got their dresses and their heels and everything. It's blazing hot. I keep saying that because maybe it's because I was dehydrated or maybe because I was hung over but the heat was super bothering me. It was super super super super hot. France shouldn't have  never be that hot. It pissed me off. I'm angry at France for being that hot. So we're having breakfast and we're sitting there going, what should we do today? We said, you know it's so hot, let's just go chill by the beach or let's chill by a pool or something. That's all right, cool. So we walk out and we go to get in this taxi. We've got beach clothes on. So we've got like shorts and some vest on. So we get in this taxi and this dude turns to us, the taxi driver goes, hey man, what are you doing today? We're like, oh, take us to a beach or a pool or something. He goes, hey, I know an amazing pool party, a really good pool party. And we're like, oh, we don't, we just want to chill. He goes, no, you can chill. You can chill. It's not, it's not crazy. You know, you can just chill there. We're like, okay, because we're not really in the mood to party. We just want to go sit and relax and we're like, I know this amazing pool party. I can get you in. And I thought, okay, this is weird. Why is a taxi driver trying to get me into a pool party? Well, I thought maybe you get some commission. This happens in places. They get commission or something whatever. Then he goes to me, hey, are you on steroids? To me, I was like, no, he goes you sure? So yeah, I'm on steroids. Why? Okay, because you're not allowed into party if you take steroids. That's like, no.  weird. Okay, well no I'm not on steroids, I'm not taking steroids in my life. I do get that a lot though, people say hey you're on steroids, I'm a G, I don't need steroids, come on please. Blessed. So anyway, you confirmed I wasn't on steroids, you start driving to this party. So we start driving and it's kind of like the Hollywood Hills of France, you start driving and driving driving up these hills to these big huge gate ad mansion. So we thought okay it's a pool party, a big mansion, we're like all right cool. So what a whose party is this? And as we start to drive, we start to slowly give more and more details. And he basically turned us and goes hey man you know this is France, you know they like to party crazy in France and we're like okay what does that mean? Anyway as we get closer and closer to the destination he starts to give more and more details until the point where we get basically outside the gate and he goes okay so this is a nude party and we're like all right, nude is not gay or anything is it? He goes no no no it's couples, it's a man.  a woman, couples only, or single women, no single men are allowed except like three or four, and I've chosen, and I know the owner, and I've told him about YouTube guys because you're in good shape and you know, YouTube guys can go as to single guys. So knowing what I know now, what basically happened is I got selected by a taxi driver to be one of the, in the, in the land of this singer talk, bulls like one of the big bad boy who fuck all the women. That's what I've been selected to do, but up until this point, even though they told me this, I was still quite ignorant to everything. I was still kind of a bit like a few single guys, lots of single girls. Why would single girls go to a party naked? I don't know, French are weird, the French are weird. So I'm like, all right, cool. So let's go. So me and James, we get out the car, we walk up and they got fucking security all around this mansion, security all over the place. We go up to the front, the taxi driver gets us in, he talks to the lady, the lady goes, no,  No, no, no, no, no single men, taxi driver comms blah, blah, blah. Okay, okay, you two did it, gives us a wristband. And then before you can go any further, you're supposed to get completely naked. But there were a few people in their underwear. So I thought, you know what, fuck it, I'm gonna go down to my underwear. I'm not going around my dick out, fuck this. So I got down to my underwear, I said it to you. We walked into this party. And we were there at the very beginning of the party. It was about two o'clock in the afternoon now. Two o'clock in the afternoon, the party, it not just started, the party had just, all the weirdos had just turned up and began to converse. No one was fucking yet. But all the weirdos were there. And like, so I'm sitting there trying to get away the land. So I walked in, there's a pool, and I thought, fuck it. It's trying to go as normal as possible. Let me kind of sit on the edge of the pool with my feet hanging in the pool, get a drink, and just chill. So I'm sitting in the pool with my feet in the pool, James here. We've got a few Vulcan lemonade for sitting there at Chilling. And I'm noticing the weirdos are starting to appear. They're starting to come in in couples, mainly couples. They said single girls. There's maybe three or four single girls.  girls loads of couples. There's me and James and then there was the other dude which we're gonna get into in a minute who had been chosen as a bull. So we're sitting there and as the couples would come in like a man would walk in with his wife and start introducing I thought he was introducing himself to people but no he was introducing his wife to people. So they're all walking around introducing their wives to each other. It clocked. I said ah okay I see what's going on and then in the corner there was a door and up the door the door to depravity there was bedrooms. So I was like okay well you know what maybe this won't be too weird because a bunch of people are gonna meet by the pool and they're gonna go upstairs and fuck and I'll just sit here by the pool and have a few drinks and then I'll leave. That's my goal. I thought it wouldn't get too bad it wouldn't get too out of control. So I'm sitting there chilling. Now the problem with swingers and this sex party stuff the problem with all of it is the same. It doesn't matter if you're in France or anywhere in the world. It's never beautiful people.  I fuck beautiful women, genuinely beautiful women. And the problem is with all this swingers and stuff, it's never supermodels. Because if a girl is that sexually liberal, and she's genuinely hot, she's on a billionaire's boat. It's not a party that anyone would end up in on accident or something. And they certainly wouldn't be banging random French dudes, even if it is a nice house. Like, they're prostitutes for the highest possible level. They're that sexually liberal and they're actually hot. So the problem with all swinging and all examples of swinging I've ever seen is that they're just not hot. So I mean, a couple of the girls were sevens. The dudes, bunch of dudes, bunch of girls were like fives and shit. It wasn't hot. It wasn't hot. I don't want you to think for any moment, it was 1% arousing, because it was 0% arousing the whole time. So I'm sitting there and I'm like, ah, and it dawned on me why I'm there, because everyone keeps looking at me. Just looking at me, because I have no shirt on, obviously my muscles are out and shit. So once in my life I'm...  I try to not look big. I'm trying to just chill a bit, like fucking leave me alone. So I'm sitting there. Anyway, girls kept coming over and guys kept going over introducing themselves to me. Like, oh, hello, what's your name? Hi. Hi. I'm reluctantly talking to these, like, being as polite as bare minimum, but saying as little as possible to these people. And James goes, there's no way we're going to come to a sex party and not fuck something. And I said, bro, you can fuck what you want. I'm not fucking anything. There's no way. None of this is appealing to me. None of this is 1% appealing to me. I do not find this sexually attractive or arousing in any regard. I just want to get out here in one piece. This is weird. This is some hills have eyes, shit. And he goes, no, I'm going to fuck something. I was like, bro, you can fuck what you want. I ain't fucking anything. So we're sitting there. I've had like four or five drinks by now. And the more I drink, the less I want to fuck. I'm not getting drunk and going, yay. I'm getting drunk and thinking, nah. Anyway, so I'm sitting there.  chilling. Anyway, the third guy that must have been selected from the street, the third dude to fuck the women, walks in. And it's some big black dude from fucking fuck nose wear. The deep dark Sahara. He was as dark as the night about my size black. And when he walks in, it goes into full depravity because as you know, all these cucks and these weirdos like the idea of their wives getting fucked by black guys. I don't know why, but that's just how it is. So my little safe space, which was the pool and garden now starts becoming an orgy where this black dude starts running around fucking anything at random. And I'm saying this, I'm not being racist because I'm half black, but all the brothers out here know I'm telling the truth. These motherfuckers don't care. Black dudes will fuck anything. They don't care. He came into the party and where I was completely, I was disgusted and upset by what I saw. To him, it was like a candy shop. The excitement.  in his eyes. He loved it. So this big black dude, now naked with his boner, is running around having sex. One girl, like 10 seconds, another girl for a minute. I go just, so to my little safe area has now started to become an origin. I'm like, fuck, now I can't escape. Now there's sex everywhere. Sex noises. You know, like you're trying to have a, you're by the pool, you're trying to have a vodka and an orange thing and it's, you can hear it behind you. I'm like, why, why is this happening? Why am I here? James turns to me and goes, now we have to fuck something. And I was like, man, I don't wanna have sex with anything here. I don't want to have sex with anyone. Anyway, there's this one girl, the whole time I've been saying this in this whole story who'd been eyeing me up. And she's the only girl who's actually kind of hot. I say she's a seven and a half. And she didn't look French. She might have been Polish or something. Blonde. She was, you know what? She was hot when she was 19, but now she's 27. One of them. So this girl's been eyeing me.  up the whole time. I know what she wants, I already made a conscious decision, I'm not going to fuck anything. But then I also made the decision, everything goes wrong and I have to fuck someone. I'll fuck her. And what actually made her a choice for me is that when the black dude came and tried to stick his dick in her, she was like, no, no. And was only, she wanted me, only me. Some loyalty amongst the sex party. And I find loyalty attractive in females. So it's like, okay. So I'm sitting there anyway. James is like, we have to fuck someone, have to fuck someone, no. And by now, and I want you to understand, it's a full blown orgy. Everybody's either having sex or whanking, besides me and James. And we're sitting there trying to not look around us. It reeks of desperation. It felt like a zoo. There have been the zoo and the monkeys start having sex in the zoo. And it's kind of like a bit, not embarrassing because they're just monkeys, but you're kind of a bit like, is that necessary right now? That's exactly how it felt to me.  It felt like I was in a zoo, it felt desperate. There wasn't sex, it was pathetic. Like it was just, every, just sex everywhere. All around me. Anyway, in the midst of the chaos, I finished my like tenth drink. So I'm semi drunk, and I'm still completely unappealed on the thing. This girl, the Polish girl, comes up to me, and she goes, I prefer privacy. And I said, yeah, me too. And she goes, do you want to go upstairs? And James goes to me, and I'm sitting there, and James was super jealous. He didn't say anything, but I could tell he was jealous because he wanted to fuck her. So that made it a little bit more appealing. And I was like, oh, you know what, this ain't really my thing, that she goes, oh no, we'll just go upstairs and talk. You know, there's private rooms, so we don't have to be around all this. And I was like, all right, okay, let's go. So I thought, maybe she's normal like me. You know, she's the hottest one here. I'm the hottest one here. Hot sky, hot squirrel. Maybe this is all unappealing to her. Maybe this is all, you know, it's a bit too weird. And she wants to go to a private room. I mean, obviously she wants to fuck me, obviously.  But you know, it's just us alone. We can fuck and like, it hasn't gonna be completely degenerate. It hasn't gonna be completely weird. So we get up, we start walking up to the top. We go, we walk past one empty room. We walk past another empty room. I go to go in, she goes, no, no, no, it gets my hand. It carries on walking me up another flight stairs. Okay. She's in front of me, hold my hand. I walk up to her front stairs and she opens this room and we walk in and there's eight dudes naked. All standing around the bed and she gets on the bed. I'll fuck it. So you just tried to get a ninth guy. So here I was, she fooled me. She made me think there was some slither of normality in this bitch. It turns out she'd been scooping select guys one by one with her fucking eyes and putting them all in this room and making them wait until she got, I don't know, 10. They gave me this magic number. I was guy number nine. And then we're all gonna fuck her. I guess that's what she wanted. So when I walked in, that's all these other dudes. I was like nah, I'm leaving, bye.  I turn around and less, and I heard the most thing in French, you, you, you, you, you, you, I can guess what they were saying. Why come here if you don't like to do this? Probably complaining. I didn't want to jump in like a fucking French weirdo. So when I came back down, James had now vanished, because he was pissed off now, because I walked off with the hot girl, everyone's having sex, but him, and he vanished. So I'm backed down by the pool by myself now. And a rumor starting to spread, why am I there if I'm not fucking? I'm like, I could be a journalist, or I could be for courting. So now rumors starting to spread amongst people, because people are looking at me weird. And me walking out of that sexual encounter must have been the beginning of it. I don't know if there's an alarm or something. I don't know if they sent a text message. I don't know what they did. But by the time I was backed downstairs, security were looking at me weird. People were looking at me weird. Everyone was looking at me weird. Now, the owner of this whole thing was a real, real fact, dude. And he was the DJ. So the DJ is a super fat guy.  who's organized all these parties. And the most annoying thing about this fat cunt is that when he's DJ, he MCs. And when he MCs, all he says over and over again is, oh my God, like that. Now I know it doesn't sound annoying, but when you're sitting there, and imagine, you're at a pool, everyone's having sex, it's unattractive, there's sex noise everywhere, there's a big black dude having sex with everyone at random, you're trying to drink and be left alone, every three seconds, some French prick on a mic who's going, oh my God, over and over and over again. Who's like a personal hell. So anyway, this fat guy comes over to me and goes, what's your name? I was like Andrew. He goes, oh, you want to talk over here in a second? I was like, okay. So he took me to the corner and he goes, you have a problem with our party? I was like, no, I've just never been to a party like this before and it's just unusual for me. So I'm just trying to relax, he goes.  Hmm, if you are getting some suspicion, if you do not want to have fun, you should not be here. You're people are suspicious. As I know, look, there's nothing crazy like that. I'm just not comfortable. He goes, okay, well, then he turned nice. He goes, but you must come to the real party later. I was like, what, this isn't the real party? He goes, no, this is the lunch party, the real party's tonight. I was like, okay, and he gave me his card. So took his card. It's like, thanks. Anyway, by the time I get back to the pool, James is sitting there. My James will happen. Bro, don't talk about it, let's leave. I was like, so basically the same thing that happened to me, what happened to you, or worse. But he was, he was trauma-sized by whatever happened to his ass. So I got a fucking, let's get out of here. So we get up, we go to leave, yeah? We go to leave, and we go to this curtain, we go, where can we get a taxi? No taxi, no Uber, nothing, nothing. We're like, well, we need to get the fuck out of here. We're up in a mansion. It was a 20 minute drive up a hill, where it's the top of the hill. We need to get the fuck out of here. How do we get out here? Then some old guy comes up to me and goes, ah, hello.  One of the guys introduced himself to me earlier, I was like, hi, he goes, you're leaving already? I was like, oh yeah, I'm gonna save myself for the real party later. So I said, smooth. He goes, ah, yes, yes, the real party is tonight. And then I said, where can I get a taxi or an Uber? He goes, just take my car. I was like, oh, what, you're driving? He goes, no, no, no, just take my car, take my car. I was like, well, I guess if you're gonna let everyone fuck your wife, it reminds people that people drive your car. I guess it's just how they look at life. I was like, well, what should I do with the car? He goes, pocket in central can, send me location, leave the key underneath the tire, no problem. It's okay, so it gives me his key. It's Mercedes. It's not a great Mercedes. This is a C-Class Mercedes. Remember, I am fucking drunk. So me and James, we walk out, we leave this party. I wanna leave this party, which is a sigh of relief. And I could hear, as I walked out the gates, I could hear the fading sound of clapping, like, of sex in the background. From outside the gates, you could hear the... And all the...  Oh, it was fucking disgusting. Nothing about it was good, bro. Nothing about this. I'm reliving this, I would genuinely never go to one of these parties ever again. The whole thing was vile. So I go when I get in this car, I'm fucking 20 drinks in, I'm completely hammered, and I ate my car, so I'm driving like a complete dick. You know what, about drunk driving? You can actually drink, drive fine. The problem with drunk driving, isn't that you can't coordinate, it's that you become too arrogant. If I were to drink, drive, I'd actually try and drive normally, be fine. But when you drink driving, you deliberately for some reason want to drive a cacun. Something about the drink makes you want to think you're fucking Michael Schumacher. And especially me, I am Michael Schumacher, so I really, so I'm driving this guy's fucking, for our, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, fucking Mercedes like a dick, tire screeching, overtaking everyone, or like a complete cacun, which we stopped making it to be fucked. Anyway, I get the central can, don't crash, come to professional. Can't have the tire, whatever, whatever. A text to guy, here's a location for the car, because I just, he gave me his number. His location for the car.  He goes, ah, okay, perfect. See you tonight. So I run back to Tel-Tristan, because Tristan wasn't at any part of this. So I go to Tel-Tristan, me and James sit there with Tristan and we tell Tristan the whole story from start to finish. A Tristan goes to us, when now you've got to go to the real party. I mean, if you've seen that, and that's how fucked up it is, you've got to go to the real party. And I was like, do I? I know I'm gonna hate it. What I've seen already, I really hate it. And that was just a lunchtime thing. Do I have to go to the real party? Do I have to? Tristan's like, you kind of do have to. So I sat there, got another gin tonic, continued to stay drunk, and about 8 p.m., I looked at the card and had the address for the real party. Getting the taxi, give the dude the address, normal taxi driver this time, takes us. It's a tiny little, I think it's a nightclub. Inside it was a nightclub. I think it was previously a nightclub that didn't make any money and it got closed down and maybe these perverts bought it or rented it or something, because inside was really shabby. But it had a few poles.  And it was a nightclub inside, it was a nightclub. Walked in, saw all the same kind of faces as before, the same people, but there's a whole bunch of new people as well. And the same DJ, playing music, oh my God, over and over. I can't explain to you on this tape speech how many times he said, oh my God. I want you to listen to a song, and every 11 to 12 seconds say, oh my God, over it. And after an hour, a guarantee you feel like murdering somebody. So, walking to this club, we gave them a, we said we were at the part earlier, bubble out, the woman who's there. But I recognize you, yes, I know, welcome gentlemen, all this shit. Walked in, no one's having sex yet. Just like the last part, you have one's kind of, you know, introducing each other, a few girls got their tits out. A couple dudes just starting to get naked. You know, the French are weird. One dude, you must've been about 50. Got naked, then go on the dance floor and just like start to dance. Just like, why? Why? Why?  Why would you do that? Why would you get completely naked? If you want to dance just why would you get completely naked and just to go to your shit dancing? Everything nothing made sense so The black dude's still there. He's of course naked He's he's in the corner where these two ugly women having sex with them and Just like the last party there's a little Stairway upstairs, but by this point I'm done with being polite I no longer give a shit about these people liking me. I don't give a fuck anymore So I was like, you know what? I'm gonna go see what's upstairs. So I'm gonna look so I've experienced the whole thing and get the fuck out of here James goes, yeah, let's get the fuck out here So we went to walk upstairs to the private rooms and this is where it got super weird So we went upstairs and we're talking talking about like the party and how super because we're fully dressed now We're fully dressed as normal and we got there and as a guard he goes How do you naked? It's like fuck sake and James goes you go. So all right, so he stayed there you had to get completely naked So I've got completely naked  and walked through the curtain, the velvet purple curtain and went through. And when I went through even though I was only making footsteps people turned to me and went, shhh, shhh, shhh. So you're not allowed to make noise. And what it was, it was a corridor with like three rooms. Room here, room here and room at the end. Yeah, see if a room at the end of room here and you have a room here. And there's people having sex in all the rooms, and then the people in all the corridors stand there and just wink. So there's just dudes' asses all lining the corridor because they're all looking out at the sex. And I'm kind of like walking naked in between all these dudes' asses, trying to see what's in the rooms. And it's just, to private, it's just 42 year old women getting fucked by three dudes at once in one room. Another room, some young girl, she was young but she was ugly as fuck, getting  some guy. It was just terrible. There's nothing sexy about any of this. It was horrible. These must be the most sexually deprived people on earth. These are people who don't get laid. There's no other way you could possibly like this. And a bunch of French men jerking off. And the weirdest thing about it was everyone was silent. All you could hear was sex noise. There wasn't even any groaning. Even the women who were getting fucked weren't making noise. It was just pure just all these dudes fucking. So I walked to the end. I walked back. And as I'm walking again, I must have made too much noise. Some French guy turns and looks at me and I just looked them back like, what? I'm not going to fuck out. I'm annoyed. It's too fucking weird. I go and put my clothes on and say, James, just play this too fucking weird. It's it fuck out of here. So you're going to be going to leave and the woman at the first time goes, oh, gentlemen, why are you leaving? Why are you leaving? They get super worried about you leaving because they think you're going to like bust them or tell the police or I don't know. If you leave before.  the party ends to get super worried. The problem is James is now hammered. So when I was upstairs, he must have done it. I made drinks to drink. We haven't been drinking all day. I was drunk, too, but he was fucking hammered. When he turns to the girl and goes, this party's disgusting. You're all fucking ugly. I was like, bro, she's like, oh, it gets on the phone to call security. So we opened it. It was a fire escape door. Open the fire escape door. Walked out to the main road. Just fucked off and that was the end of it. Long story short, never go to sex parties because they're not sexy in any regard. They're not attractive. There's nothing about it that's interesting or fun. There's nothing like, oh, experimental. The whole thing was horrible. The whole thing was nasty. The worst thing about the club, which is something I missed, is that in those confined spaces, you could smell it. Stunk of dick and pussy and be oh and sweat. Oh my god. Oh, I'm going to take my story about Jamaica. I've been to Jamaica once in my life and I will never go there again.  So I had some business in Jamaica. I was putting a very nice hotel. When you get to the hotel, they say we have restaurants, we have clubs, we have everything inside the hotel. Don't leave the hotel. We have everything you want here. And it was fine for the first couple days, but after a while of seeing fat Americans over and doled on the buffet and go into this club, which was garbage, I'm sure you can imagine. You get pissed off with sitting in the fucking golden prison and you decide to go and explore for yourself. So I said, fuck it. I'm in Jamaica. I'm going to go find some actual Jamaican fun. I know some Jamaican brothers in London, they're a little bit crazy, but I don't know Jamaica's a dangerous place, but whatever. I'm a dangerous guy. A bullet probably wouldn't kill me five might, but I can take one. So I decide to go out exploring in Jamaica. So I go up to reception, so I need a taxi. I'm going to do my Jamaican accent. I can't do it on the smiling. She was, what do you need a taxi for us? And I'm going to go out and look around to me and she goes, no, don't, don't do that. Stay in the hotel. We have, we have bar in the hotel. I was like, no, no, so she wouldn't give me a taxi. So I fuck you then. Reception will literally  wouldn't order me a taxi. So I walk out out the hotel down the long road all the way out to the main road. I think I'll find my own fucking taxi. See a taxi? I wave, dude stops. I say bro I want to go have some fun. He goes get in the car man I'll show you around the island. We have fun. That's all right cool. So I get in the car. This is what's your name I said Andrew. I go you and he goes grim. I said grim. He goes yeah grim Reaper. Start laughing. I was just like yeah all right grim Reaper. This is a warning. Dude tells you your name's grim Reaper. She got the fucking car. But maybe in my arrogant jackass self. I'm like all right grim cool. So we're driving. Anyway, Grim's accent was so thick. He had that Jamaican accent and he's spoken that part. It was so thick. I couldn't understand the guy. He had this music on this hard vibes cartel like loud music and he's talking shit and I've not yet been saying so he said where do you want to go and I'm like bro I want to part. He's like what kind of part do you like girls?  And I know from being in all these countries, I've been to 72 countries, taxi drivers say, do you like girls when you say yes to take you to strip clubs to get commission? But I also know Jamaica's super homophobic. So I can't say no, I don't like girls, and I also don't wanna go to a fucking Jamaican strip club. So I'm like, yeah, I like girls, I don't wanna go to a strip club, I wanna go find some normal girls. I didn't actually care about girls, I'm not really looking to fuck it to make a chick. I just wanna just look around a bit, but you can't say to a Jamaican guy, I don't like girls when you're shot in the head. I'm like, yeah, I like girls, but I don't wanna go to strip club. Anyways, he starts ranting off. Bum bum bum bum, but he's talking, talking, talking, talking. And he was driving like a fucking idiot. So I'm focusing on the road thinking, maybe I'm gonna have to grab the wheel or some shit. It's not a fucking thing, but they kill me. Talking shit. And when he finishes, he pulls out about 5,000 American from his fucking pocket, when he was pocket on a shirt. And he goes, you like that? I have no idea to this day what he said. He must have talked about two minutes. And he pawn up the money, goes, you like that? I like that.  money so I was like yeah I like that because I parked it with you all night I was like okay fine so by saying yeah I like the I agree Grimm's gonna come party at least we pull up at this club the best club in Jamaica blah blah blah we go in there I am mixed race I may as well have been Ed Sheeran up in his motherfucker it was black I'm gonna be in races it was black the music was black the lights were low you couldn't see nobody's face it was just black everyone and they probably had a gun everyone knew the dance is a song would come on everyone's doing the same dance I'm standing there completely out of place I'm walking there and within precisely seven seconds I want to go and it took only seven seconds for Grimm's stupid ass to order a bottle of Shiva's regal which I don't even fucking drink they brought the bottle over to me I could see on the wall the price of the bottle but the bill said double because I'm obviously fucking too white for this fucking place and and Grimm just hands  the bill while he opens up the ball. So I'm like, alright, whatever. So I pay for the ball for Grim. He starts sipping away on this shoe bath. I'm sitting there. I'm standing up against the wall. So no one can attack me from behind. Just looking at this club thinking, not only do I not belong here, I'm definitely a little bit intimidating and there's definitely no fun for me. There's no action for me here. But I don't want to just say to Grim, I'm going. If I need him to drive me home, I don't know where the fuck I am. There's no other taxes outside. So I have to let Grim have his funds. So we hung out for maybe 20 minutes. Grim's punk ass. And listen, if you're black, if you're watching this, don't get offended. Black people can't drink. They all think they can drink. Black people can't drink. I live in Romania, I've gone to Russia. White people could drink. You can sit with a Russian man through three bottles of vodka. It's fine. As soon as a fucking black person starts touching alcohol, they all start getting out of control and rowdy. That's what the fucking fight in a shoot in each other. It's not a fucker. It starts drinking his shoe baths. He wants to add about four or five drinks. Drunk out of his mind. So I say to him, look, Grim, let's go.  I'm like bruv, I don't want to leave. I'm gonna go back to my hotel about meetings. I talk to some shit. But okay, I think you can do a bet top potty. You don't like the potty here, but I think you can do a bet top potty. I'm like, all right, grim, let's go. So you give me a fuck out here, let's go. So we leave, we get in this car. Grim is drunk. Drunk is a motherfucker, driving like, putting his face closer to the road so we can see it there. That level of fucking drunk. Grim is hammered. So he's driving the car at like 15 miles an hour. You know Jamaican's take everything slow. There's no fuckers going slow. I'm like, bro, just stay back to the hotel. I'm done with parties tonight. No boy, I think I did a bet spotty on the island. Now it's late, it's potty time now. You go out to 10 o'clock now, it's midnight now. It's potty time, they're all this shit. I was like, all right, fine, fuck it, take me. Fine, whatever. There's a fuse in who take me home. It's like fine, take me to this party. So we're in this car, we're driving, we're driving. Anyway, we start driving up this dirt hill. Drive up this hill, drive up this hill, drive up this hill. Drive up this hill for 10 minutes, dirt, track hill.  middle of the forest on both sides and I didn't clock instantly maybe I had a few drinks but then I clocked and thought some other fuckers about to rob me. I'm about to get robbed. Me and Mr. Stupid were in my fucking nice watching shit. So I was like alright cool I'm about to get robbed. I've been robbed before. You know like I'm a professional athlete I can fight but also I know my limitations. You want to take my shit, take my shit, I don't care. I'll buy new shit. So there's no ego attached. Most people die in muggings because of ego. You want my phone, take my phone. If you tell me you're gonna kill me I'm gonna attack you. If you like just give me your phone and I'll leave. I'll be here with my... Anyway so I was like he's gonna rob me. So I was like grim where we go in bro. We're not going to no fucking club. I ain't stupid. He goes I didn't see a club boy. I said a party. And that kinda gave me, you know I actually made me feel a little bit better when he said it. I thought maybe there is a party up here. Maybe I'm fucking freaking out. So get up to the top of this hill. And it was a party. This was Grimm's party. It was too rickety ass fucking street lamps.  dimly lighting a fucking clearing in this forest. There was a old dude sitting on a cooler and a cooler had some drinks in it. There was a shitty old beatbox from 1988 playing the kind of ragga shit you never never heard outside of Jamaica. And there was about 20 Jamaican dudes. No girls. That's it. That's the party. Vroom was over here. I was like, Grim, let's go. And before I could even say, let's just shit, take me home. You'd already stepped out of the car. I want to start walking on. So what can you do? What can you get just sit in the car like a bitch? Everyone's looking at you now because you know, you're driven up this part. Everyone's staring you. So I got the fucking car. What else you can do? So I get out the car. I must have got the car about four seconds after Grim. After I looked around, analyzed my options. I looked at there's a key in the car. I can steal the car. Then I was like, no, okay. Looked on me. What they're going to rob me? They robbed me of about 1,000 US. Well, I analyzed everything in about three seconds. Decided the best thing to do is get the car. Got the car. And within those three or four seconds, Grim had fast.  Grimm is now gone like a ghost into the fucking night. I look around and I cannot see Grimm. So it's just me at this party Okay, so there's I'm kind of like well, where do I stand? What do I do? There's this shed the shitty shed And I have the same philosophy ever our go. I don't want to be attacked from behind You're gonna kill me and at least see it coming so I'm sorry to go stand up against a shed For go stand up against a shed Instead and they are trying to pretend I'm just like chilling and all the dudes are looking at each other And then looking at me and Jamaicans they're not so Jamaicans are not subtle people at all So they made it very clear what they were doing. They were asking who knows this guy Can I rob him because you're pleased who the fuck is this dude? So they're like Hey him him you know who literally is being super obvious who the fuck is if he's your friend am I shooting him? Are you gonna be mad? So we'll talk to each other about me I'm just sitting there and obviously as a professional athlete especially in fighting you get a poker face That's your whole job as you have a poker face. So I sit there and thought my only thing I can  is keep the poker face on. I have to pretend I don't give a fuck. I got pretend I'm so comfortable here, I got to have that poker face like you do before a world title fight. For a world title fight to scare me, you just keep it, you keep that straight face. So I'm chilling straight face, whatever, whatever. Anyway, this is two dudes, the two biggest guys. I'm six foot three and a half. These dudes must have been about six, five. Both of them. We're in the string vests, lean like me, build. They start talking and they're the ones who are most overtly pointing at me and like checking if, you know, I'm okay to be a target. I can't say for a hundred percent certain, because it was about 10 meters out in the dark, but I will say with 99% certainty, there was a pistol in his belt. I analyzed him for head to toe and I just looked in his belt, I saw there's a fucking, there's a pistol. And someone would say, would you bet your life on it until you had this pistol? So I knew this is an unwinnable fight, so I was like, okay, my plan is this. While I was looking at his belt in the pistol, someone started walking down the hill, and I said to myself, next time someone starts walking,  I'm just gonna walk with that person and pretend I know that person and if I can convince that one person not to kill me Then that lowers my odds instead of having to convince everyone not to kill me. That's convinced one guy not to kill me So next time someone leaves I'm walking down the hill. These two dudes are about to fucking attack me Anyway, I'm literally looking at the hill and thinking that's my plan and I hear Yo, I'm gonna turn to the side as fucking grim and he stinks of weed Stinking of we out of this fucking mine He goes to me you having fun boys like no, I said it's all right. I didn't say no. I thought no I said it's all right man. I didn't get back. I got people waiting for me You know the typical basic tricks He goes you want to tax the home? I was like yeah, he goes a thousand dollar It's got thousand what Jamaican remember I paid this guy ten Jamaican dollars. That's what I put three bucks To get this far he goes no a thousand American dollar. I leave you here with my voice So it's all a big set up from the beginning  I said my friend, I've got about $700 on me. I spent the rest on your fucking sheathass. He goes, I'll tell you what, I take your home for $700, I wait outside, you bring me to other 300, or you never make a toast to makeup. I look in the eyes, I say, crib. You want the fuck? I said, you know what? Deal. We get back in the car. It wasn't even an animal city. We get back in the car. It was like, man, understand the reality of the world. I can't be mad at Grim. Grim does what Grim does. I walked into it. I get back in the car. He goes to me. Now, he goes to party, not finish from me, boys. I put music on. He's my friend again. Everything's fine. Get back to the hotel. And I thought, okay, I like the hotel now. I cannot pay him. I can fucking call the police. I can be a little bitch. Like most white boys who do. That's what a white boy would do. I mean, racist, now that it's true. A little bitch ass tourist, a little fucking little pussy who will run away from the car. Grim tried to rob me. You know what? I have honor. Grim, he pulled a scam.  And it worked and he did save me from basically getting my brains blown out. So I thought you know what grim here? 700 is they do you want the other 300 I'll go get it if you want it and grim turned to me and goes don't worry about it That's enough. I have a good have a good time in Jamaica. It's like thank you Well the end of the story is this I had one of the guys who cleaned my room and every time he cleaned my room Because I was in an all inclusive unlimited alcohol I'd give him all the alcohol for my room because they refill it for free So I'd say take all the beer take all the vodka yours I don't care because they refill it and what surprised me he goes no one's ever done this to me before I work here 10 years It's like it's free. Why the fuck would I care because people are stingy and stupid? Where's I'm not so this guy I told it my story who goes you are the luckiest man in Jamaica I goes you don't know they kill tourists because if they get caught robbing a tourist they do the same time as murder They always kill tourists. They would have definitely bury you in the ground No one finds you for years. They never let you go and give police reported on luckiest man in the world I never am going to Jamaica ever  I'm going to tell you a quick story. So yesterday me and Tristan were chilling, having coffee, eating more melon, smoked to cars, B&G's. All of a sudden, one of the girls, Tristan seeing calls him up and says, I got a problem with my knee to hear now, a guy is attacking my car. Let's me and Tristan, look at each other, okay, so we jumped in our cars, he jumped in the ass and I jumped in the land, but she sent her location only about a mile and a half away, so we start burning down the road. Now, I really don't tell you this story, because actually, one of the few times in my life, I felt sorry for someone. I don't usually feel sorry for people. I'm very much like, you know, the life you leave is your own responsibility and where you end up in life is your own fall and two degree at people who are born with shithands. Obviously, you're born in Yemen, you know, into like a sheep hurting family and I'm going to be a fucking tech billionaire and whatever. But I'm just saying, in general, in the western world, I'm not much one for sympathy, but I'm not feeling sorry for this guy. It's a long story short what happened was, the girl who called Tristan had cut him up.  So it was her fault. She made the traffic violation and the guy got so pissed off road rage go out of his car I'm starting slamming on the thing of her on the boot for a car So anyway, so when me and Tristan roll up asked a man We'll save one stairs because the noise because of the cars They are we pull up right next to the car the dude still like screaming kind at her and then he turns and see these two cars It's like that's a bit weird me and T. Get out. I start walking over and he ships himself just to run away So Tristan goes over grabs and goes what the fuck you doing Roughes him up a bit anyway while he's doing that I was with Tristan I realized Tristan had a completely under control the guy was no match for Tristan anyway Tristan's like 120 key line So I was like Tristan had him up off the ground and everything So I asked a girl what happened girl was like oh, well I was driving and I pulled out on him and it was an accident and he went psycho I went over to Tristan. I said okay. Just let him go Tristan goes let him go. So yeah, let him go. Anyway, that's again the story so We trust him for coffee back when  girl laughed while we were back for coffee after we got a little policing job. We went back to coffee. And I said, this is interesting. I felt sorry for that guy. He said, why? I said, he was completely in the right from a traffic perspective. So as you have to understand, this dude's driving down the road, some bitch who's 10 out of 10, hotter than he will ever get in his life, pulls out directly in front of him in a Porsche Cayenne. My guy has an old citrate worth about 4,000. This girl's driving, and this is in Remainian's, this is where the average wage is about 500 euro a month. This girl's driving a 95,000 euro car. So she's in the upper echelons of income, like me, trusted her. So you're driving down the road, you're 30 something, your life hasn't gone the way you want it to. You ain't got a wife, and if you do, she's fucking ugly. You're driving a shicky car, and some fucking bitch, like, hot, the kind of hot girl who's never spoken to you, never giving me the time of day, pulls out directly in front of you in a car you could never afford, ever. Of course,  sure you're gonna be frustrated. Like I was saying to Tristan, I understand why this guy got pissed off. Obviously you're gonna be like, what the fuck? And you know it could have just been a bad day and things could be adding up and eventually because of traffic, because you couldn't escape, it gets out, starts hitting on her car, saying you stupid bitch, she pulled out, you broke the rules of the road, did it that, but really his frustration is not that she pulled out, his frustration is at life. And then to add insult to injury, half a million dollars with a car's pull up. She makes one phone call while you're yelling at her, this pretty girl. And half a million dollars of phone call of cars turn up and I mean, Tristan get out. And I got 350 kilos of kickboxer coming up to rough you up, even those sheets totally wrong. And the reason for such a Tristan, I'll say Tristan is it just shows that everyone has a place in life. And it's the reality, it's the reality of the world. I'm not Tom Cruise, I'm not famous. I mean, Tristan are not famous. We're famous in Romania, I'm tabloid bullshit, but we're not famous in the New Real Sense. We do have a high income. We are physically large. We are young.  We have a lot of assets that go in our favor. But I'd say we're in the top 5 to 10% of the men on the planet in terms of our achievements and our beliefs, etc. But this poor dude, when Tristan had him all gripped up and his anger, it turned from anger and to pure not even fear. It was more just like submission. This pretty bitch with her expensive car, she's called the half million dollar police. And I can't fuck with people on this level. He was just like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. So I'm sorry. Like very not afraid he should have been. He was. But he was very like just submissive to it. And there was a huge lesson in it. For me, it's even hard for me to articulate, I was just saying to Tristan, it shows that there's different places in life that this woman can go through the world driving them wrong, driving like a prick. And then soon someone loses their temper with her. That's the person who ends up going home feeling discarded. And I'm telling you man, that's suicide shit. That's the kind of shit that's just a final nail in the coffin when you go home, you park your shit car, you go into your shit house, you look around at your shit life.  and you think who the fuck is this girl can just pull out on me? Anytime she wants some colleagues, two kickboxers in this lab, and this asks to come and rough me up. I wasn't even in the wrong in the first place. Maybe I shouldn't have yelled at her car or she shouldn't have pulled out on me. And this is why when people say to me, take your obsessed with money. I say no, I'm obsessed with not being in that position. I'm never gonna let me live my, me live my only one life on this planet and waste my years of consciousness in that position. I don't want to be the guy who's 37 driving a fucking shitty sitrin' who gets pulled out on him and girl who's too hot for me, driving a car I can never afford, who can call fucking dudes, psycho kickboxers, with fucking lambo's and asses to turn up and bust me up. I'm never gonna be that guy. I'm never gonna accept that submissive position. And that's why I say when I talk about money and achievement and training and all these things how important they are, because if you don't find those things important, well then you're just accepting your place lower down. And I don't think any wish should ever live that way. I genuinely, genuinely feel sorry for that dude. You still need to live down here.  All right, so cont some context, right? So I'm not in the industry anymore, but I used to run a webcam studio like five or six years ago. So you know, like before only. I knew it. Listen, yeah, it's an interesting story. I'll explain how I got there. So now it's a lot more common. The idea of only fans webcam, that kind of thing. But when I was doing it five, six, seven years ago, it was a lot less common. Right? So I was a kickboxer. I was four time world champion, but kickboxing is not boxing, right? We make money, but we don't make boxing money. So I made maybe a hundred, hundred, 150,000 a fight, which is okay, but you fight two or three times a year. You know, you've got money, but you're not. You're not. Yeah, you make a bit of money. I mean, I'm living in London, my rents 25 a month, and I'm pushing all these nice cars and so I'm making money, but I'm making that much money. Long story short, I invested in this place in Thailand, this property, which I still have now, which is not worth anything because of this virus and they closed the country blah, blah, blah. And I needed to pay, I think it was like 400 grand, and I had a payment date, and I paid 300 grand, and I was, I had to pay the last hundred grand. Only at 70 grand. Now I.  I was 30 grand short, right? And I thought, I said to Tristan, I said, you know what, once the last time I got lucky, lucky. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, bro, don't trust the big G. I'm gonna go to the casino with this 70. I'm gonna turn it into 100. Cause we have like a few days about pay this bill. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, it's a big brother, relax. So I went to casino, lost all the money. And I was driving there. And he's like, don't do it. It's like, it's a big brother, relax. So I went to casino, lost all the money. I was driving there, right? I'm driving to the casino and the BMW. And I'm like, Google in, doing the math. Like, okay, blackjack has the best statistical odds. Roulette has a 2.7% advantage. Blackjack has the best advantage. I memorized the best blackjack theory based on the other card they have showing in my card. With you hit stick, I memorized the best theory to the best possible statistical odds. I wasn't even playing emotionally. I was playing by statistics and got wrecked. So lost all the money. It came up to T, lost all the money that we don't argue. Cause we're brothers. We don't re-refuse to argue. So he was like, I told you. He was like, yeah.  Now we're really in trouble. I didn't tell you. Yeah, so this is in London. This is in London, right? So through, I don't know how much I can say on YouTube, but through kickboxing and through fighting, you know, a lot of dodgy people, a lot of bad guys, it's kind of one of them industries, right? So I had some friends so I could head up for a hundred grand, so I hit them up, but these are guys you have to pay back, right? So I pay the payment bubble, and then I need to money fast. And to make, I'm trying to shorten the store, because I don't want to go on too long, but I need to money fast. And I said to Tristan, look, I owe us 70 grand. So I'm going to lock myself in my room, and I'm all going to leave till I've made it. And this is, this is a long time ago now. So this is maybe 10 years ago. Think about 10 years ago, there was no Twitter, no Instagram, Facebook, a bit, my space. Oh, yeah. This is the beginning of the internet. Oh, my God. Like the idea of making money online now is so common, but back then you didn't know all these entrepreneurs selling stuff and Instagram. None of that. I didn't know anybody who had money on the internet, but I was determined to find a way to make money on the internet, right? Second thing, you need a hundred grand.  Yeah, well, exactly. I need 150. So I said to Tristan, look, I'm going to make some money. I'm going to work out how. So Tristan's like, yeah, whatever. So I'm sitting in my room all day, fasting, meditation, all this yoga, fire crap, sitting there thinking, I need to find a way to make money. And I started googling up what money is. And it's actually interesting how the world works. Because now I've made a whole bunch of money outside of kickboxing. And all the lessons I learned back then now apply. Because I understood the banking system. I understood how money works. I understand fractional reserve banking. I understand all these things quantitative easing. I understand how it's all a lie. Money's fake. It isn't even tied to anything. The gold standard's gone. Inflations here. And the common man's getting wrecked in real time. So I actually learned a lot about how money works. And then I got really angry because I learned how money works. And I still didn't have any. So now I'm really pissed, right? I'm like, oh, so money's a scam. And I ain't got none. Right. So I was really angry anyway. So I was watching this YouTube video. And I had to write. And they were talking about liabilities assets. The difference between having asset liability, blah, blah. And I started writing down my assets. I was like, OK, I got a couple cars. Got a house.  I'm big and strong, but I'm already fighting. I don't know how else to use it. And what I had was, and please ladies, don't attack me. But through my kickboxing career, because I traveled the world, what I would do is I'd fly around the world and I'd win a world title or I'd win a kickboxing fight. And then I'd be with one of the ring girls for a week or whatever. So I had all these girlfriends all around the world. I'm a ring girl. And you've been a ring girl? Yeah, you can see it on my YouTube channel. If you win, nice to meet you. Damn. If you win, you get a ring girl. If you lose, you get nothing. But so they all thought I was the big G, right? I'm in London. I'm the world champ that a little do they know? I have a mafia debt now. So, so I had all these girlfriends all around the world, whatever, whatever. And by coincidence, I was talk, I wrote them, I didn't write them down, but I thought them, well, that's something I kind of have. And I was talking to Tristan, and we were talking about how we literally were talking about how we'd never open a strip club. So we're never going to open a strip club because it costs too much to set up. It's too much to invest. We need to make money. We don't have any money. So that's.  stupid. Anyway, and by coincidence, and I was never one of those guys, and I will say this now on webcam on the on the on the live to think, I was never and I never happened one of them porn guys. I don't go on porn sites. I don't do none of them shit. I never have never had, because I've never needed to, right? Never been interested. By coincidence, I was on some website. I think it was a gaming website, some not-dolper some crap. And the corner said, talk to live girls now. And it's something, I think it's because I just thought about the fact that I had all these girls was like, so I clicked on it. And I saw some Russian chicks sitting there on some crappy webcam and like these little tokens coming in. I was like, okay, so maybe I could get back to the wheel. That was my system. That was my system. I can't go on. So I was like, this this bitch is making money. She even hot that she's just sitting there. And this is, remember just the early days of the internet like dial up. Like she was sitting there like with her clothes on.  like this. Oh, like that makes money. So I messaged all my girlfriends. I have five of them. I was like, look, you're moving to London up the side of me to be together coming to London. I'm like, what a lot of them. If nothing to do in London, so don't argue about job for you, babies. We're gonna come work for you. And I was sitting there for a while thinking, how do I organize the fact that these five girls are coming in thinking they're my girlfriends? And I want them all to do this job. And I decided that honesty is always the best policy. And I also decided that I'm not coward. And I also decided that all five of these chicks attacked me at once. I've got the Ikea, though I can do it. I've been around the block. At least two of them are gonna be around. I've been around the block, right? God, like I don't want to take them out, but I could. So they got hands. So I got much to worry about. So I flew all five women on separate flights. I sat them all down the same table and said, listen, ladies, this is what we're gonna do. And I talked about the webcam business. Talk about how I've been with them all. Ask them to all to come to London, etc. Three of them told me to get fucked. Go back on a plane. Two of them stayed. And the two who stayed works for me for a very long time.  I'm from there for the about the next four years it built into an empire right and I've happened 75 girls five locations was turning over four million dollars a month and all kind of it went crazy from there and yeah that's the story of the wet canvas is kind of what is and that's one of the reasons why I retired I'm back now because I'm a violent individual by nature. But I retired from fighting because I started to make a whole bunch of money and then it got more mainstream and I bowed out of it about four or five years ago we sold all our interests and we're not in that business anymore but that's how it all worked. I saw it went so that's how it had to tow but I was just honest about it and thing but I actually had a lot of respect for those two girls who stayed. I had a lot of respect for them is it was me and these two chicks we were living in an apartment we were a happy thruple for a while and when they don't forget my girls were making us money too don't forget that. I was just saying that what you think I was just what? Sitting with my feet up being like well you lost all the money and then seeing it all the same thing just for the record. So the webcam had you and the other girls. No it was just a girl's. I was just a man.  And you know what's actually really you in a pin. I was the pin. And we can talk about and we can talk about pimping as a whole because we can talk about pimping because pimping has a very bad as a very bad name. Yeah. Yeah. And I really I genuinely believe that pimping if it's done correctly is not a negative thing. And I think that overall if you're a pimple you're a positively inspirational and motivating person. And that is your that is your job right. And and and I want to say this because everyone always bring it up. I'm breaking down pimping. I'm breaking down pimping because people are sitting there saying why does the girl work for you? Why wouldn't she work for herself? And I'll tell you why because the girl works for herself doesn't make any fucking money. You have the opportunity. It's not even just a girl can make a girl can make three thousand a month for herself or fifty thousand a month fifty fifty with you. And the difference between men and women are a few things but women are once again I'm not trying to insult anybody but women if they find a way to make money they make enough to make money to pay the bills and they go party. Because a man goes oh we found a way to make money let's never sleep again and make money forever.  So we have a different mentality towards money. That's the first thing. Second thing is we can provide emotional support. It's not easy to be a webcam chicken, get no tips, right? So if a girl would log in and no one would send her any money, she'd be upset. But she could come to me, the Pimp, and I'd be like, baby, oh, that's because there's a big football game. There's some football game on. That's not your fault. Everyone did shit today. I'm lying through my teeth. I'll go to the children. But she feels better. Now she's happy again. Now she'll try again. She'll go back with her renewed courage and she'll make it, right? If she's by herself, she's like, oh, no, no, it likes me. And she'll quit. You'll see even now with only fans, the best biggest only fans girls that exist in the world today are working for agencies run by men. Any girl who's independent makes a couple thousand here and there, blah, blah, blah. They ain't making big money. The girls will make a big, big, big money. A man comes along and says, here's your photo sets. Here's what you're doing today. Here's your schedule. Boom, boom, boom. I don't. I got five people in your account, pretended to be you. Go for your sugar daddy's or online. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Money. It's a business. I was straight business about it. I was not involved in this business trying to be damn bulls area. It was all money. Of the 75 girls who worked for me, it was money.  money, money, money. I had zero interest in trying to fucking fuck them all or run around, have three, some none of that shit with pure business. That's why I made so much money. But Bimper's have a very, very important role in the whole industry. I'm telling you, and overall, all we do is provide motivational support. The idea that you can convince a girl to do something she doesn't wanna do and make her do it on mass every day, four years by force is bullshit. I can't come along to you and make you do something you don't wanna do. No, all I can do is make it comfortable and make you realize this worthwhile and financially reward you. I had a business that offered girls a job. The same as McDonald's does, the same as the office does. Sit on the computer, make some money. That's all it was. So I'm here to defend the pimps. All right, we're not bad. I'm a feminist. I made a bunch of chicks rich. I'm man out there who made a girl who paid a girl more money than me. No, between me and you, we've made four girls millionaires before only fans existed. Damn. So when only fans, when only fans was first months, I don't know who this crazy drunk bitch who was sitting on Andrew's seat now, is.  But let me tell you, only fans follow 430 people on Instagram. I'm one of them. Because I started when I was still in the industry, I was running a huge, only fans, the management company. So they know who I am. They probably don't know who this girl is. You know, only fans is a British company. Oh, indeed. They know who I am. That's why they follow me. You could check this out right now. Call me a liar. So that's the story. And this is another thing. I'll make one more point. A lot of men talk about how bad is a girl has only fans, et cetera, et cetera. I know some bad bitches, right? Some beautiful women who have an only fan to count. And her man is running it. And they're making money. And they're in the moldy. Yes. They're pushing lambos. Like, I have, when I see a girl with an only fans account, and I know she has a lot of money, I don't think, oh, I think, ah, she's married. Happy relationship. There's a man who's actually taking their pictures. She's smart. And taking their videos. 100%. 100%. They're making it together for years. And Andrew. Yeah, you know. Anyway, so me and my brother, we decided a long time ago that there's gonna be lots of pussy at the Eurovision song contest. We came to this conclusion because, look.  people go there from all around the world. It's pop music, it's bullshit, we thought there'd be some hose. So we thought, fuck it, one of these days we have to go to Eurovision. Last year it was in Kiev, Ukraine, Ukraine is some of the hottest girls in the world. So we thought, fuck it, we're going to go to Eurovision, this is the year to do it, we're going to go to Kiev. We decide there's about two days before Eurovision. All the flights into Kiev will completely book it was extremely difficult to get into the country. So we thought, how to fuck we going to do this? Right now we're in Booker Est Romania, this is my house. We look at a map, we're about six hours from the Moldova border, so we thought, fuck it, we're going to drive. We jumped into car, start driving, got six hours to the border of Moldova and they wouldn't let us do the border because we didn't know at the time, we need to have the original paperwork to go into it Moldova because all the cars in Europe that are stolen end up in Moldova, so they're very strict that the border is unless you drive them, which I tried to do and they wouldn't accept they didn't know me. We can't, there's no way we can, is there a fine or we pay a fine or a penalty? Anything we can do? It's not about a penalty, it's about the car that does not...  You have to have the original paperwork. We only had photo copies of our paperwork. We don't keep the original paperwork in the car. So they wouldn't let us through. So we parked our car at a train station in a town called the Ashton, the border of Romania. We then went up to a taxi, so they could take us to Kitschina, which is the capital of the neighboring country, Moldova. It's effectively being in France and saying he would take me to Berlin, the capital of Germany. It's a long taxi drive. Finally found a guy who would do it. What's it today? What's it today? What's it today, bitch? You're one free zero. You're a hero. For more money than we should have paid, he took us to Kitschinau. When we were in Kitschinau, we had to negotiate a way to Kiev. We found an overnight train and we got there. Problem is on that overnight train, I nearly got robbed. That train is completely mafia run. That train is, you can bribe your way in and out. You don't have to show a passport. You don't have to go through customs. So all the Russian mafia who travel in and out of Romania and Moldova come in and out by train. They do not go by plane. So that's a mafia run train and that was a very difficult and scary experience. Up until this point, all of this is recorded and part of the hateful take series that we're gonna put linked to. So feel free to watch it and find the details that are meaningfully getting robbed. Go, Kitschinau.  the train all that shit. So anyway the web series ends, your vision's over, me, my brother in Ukraine, you gotta get out. So like how the fuck do we get out? All the planes are booked for another week, we don't want to stay in Ukraine for another week. We don't want to take the train again because what happened the first time. So like, well you can't fly, can't take a train, can't take a boat, not only ways to drive. We gotta get a drive out here somehow. So we're going from taxi driver to taxi driver to taxi driver saying can you drive us to Romania? And it turns out that Ukrainians at the time, which is now changed I believe, needed a visa to get into Romania. So it's very difficult to find a taxi driver with a visa who is prepared to do a fucking 18 hour drive out of wind. So we're sitting around Ukraine for 12 hours. Every taxi driver, I'm ordering Uber's, I'm calling them, what up, saying look, I need to get Romania, I'll pay a, I mean, I was offering five, six times the market rate. I don't say look, I don't need to be too grand. But these people make $250, $300 a month. I was offering them $2,000 US dollars for one drive. So like get me to fucking Romania, I've got shit to do. I've got a guy out of this country. Eventually a guy, we meet a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy  a guy who has a visa to go into Romania and he's a very good driver, he's an ex-Rally driver and he's going to drive you. And we're like, well, thank fuck, let's go. So anyway, me and my brother, he said, meet us here at this time. So 11 o'clock at night, me and my brother are standing on a street corner waiting for fucking Mr. No name to turn up. In the middle of Kiev, Ukraine, there's a dangerous sea. We're standing there, combat mode, obviously. Chillin'. The guy turns up. Now, I expected like ex-Rally driver some kind of super jeet to turn up. Some little fucking loser turns up. Some dude. That fucking 17. Hi. Hi, who are you? Because I'm your driver. I thought you were a Rally driver. He goes, well, what's a Rally driver? Like when? When? When you were 12? What the fuck's the 20-year drive in your 12? Like whatever. You got a visa. Like, okay, we trust you. So anyway, Mr. 12, you're all decided to drive us. Tristan goes, Tristan's nervous in cars. My brother's been in four car accidents. None of which he's been driving. He's always been the passenger in cars when cars have been wrecked. Car accidents, people have died in. Like big car accidents. My brother being a tape doesn't die easy. So he's very nervous in cars. Because I'm fucking, I'm a bit nervous. It's going to be 18 hour car drive.  about a 12-year-old driving us. There's no street lights in Ukraine. Ukraine doesn't even have 3G on the mobile phone. You have to have Wi-Fi. Even if you have a Ukrainian SIM, you can't check Facebook, Twitter, nothing. Ukraine is much poorer than Romania. I didn't expect that. Romania is a poor country. Ukraine's a fucking poor country. It's a war zone. It's a fucking war. Anyway. So there's no street lights to roads or bad. Traces have been nervous because you know what? This is gonna be a long-ass drive. Let's get a bottle of vodka. That's all right, cool. So we go into the store. I remember this because of how cheap it was. We've got two Snickers bars, a bottle, one liter of vodka, two cartons of cherry juice and a pack of peanuts for two euros, including the vodka, including a liter of vodka, two euros. Fucking crazy cheap. So you buy the vodka anyway. So we get the car. We're sitting in the back of the car, drinking vodka. We're driving down these roads. Pitch black, can't see shit. We don't know where we are. Our 3G isn't loading on our phones, so we can't see where we are. We're just sitting in the back, drinking vodka, talking shit. Mr. Rally drivers telling us about his imaginary rally career. Motherfucker, if I didn't even finish high school, we ain't been rallying for nobody. So we're driving, driving, driving, driving. All of a sudden.  I mean Tristan, this is about six hours in. Lear of odd goes gone. So between me and Teeve had half a liter each or whatever, a little bit drunk. We're chilling. I see someone outside the car. Blacked out. Head to toe black. That's Tristan. You see that. But there's black out anyway. He's like, what's that? I saw here the fuck is this? We're driving down this bumpy road. Tristan's looking out the window and there's another dude. Black. I mean, black. Bala Klaava. Black ski mask. Black jumpsuit. Black head to toe. The fuck? At this point, me and him were drunk. It's two o'clock in the morning. We're on the border of Ukraine. We have no idea where. We stare our windows. And we start seeing all these guys dressed in complete fucking black. You're dressing like us. We sit there right and drive the way. Where are we? He goes, you're Korean. We're like, where are you Korean? I had a friend who once got robbed in Ukraine. He got into the back of the taxi. And the taxi driver was driving. The taxi driver stopped. Two guys got in each side of him while he was in the back, both with knives, put the knives to him and robbed him. So I thought, okay, it's about to get fucking robbed. So I said to the rally driver, I said.  My friend, you better fucking hope I get home. It's like what? I said you better fucking hope I get home alive. I'm the kind of guy you want to fuck with. Even if you kill me, you better hope I get home alive. So I start threatening the taxi driver. I'm making it clear. I ain't dying easy. If I die I'm taking you with the fucking loot. I thought he was about to set me up. Anyway, all of a sudden, car stops. Get out of the car, get out of the car. You're all these people getting out of the car. I mean, try some look at your entire life. Fuck sake. Like we should've known better. This is Ukraine. Shit's about to go down. So we get out of the car. People who were dressed head to toe and black turns out Russian soldiers. All Russian soldiers. Now I'm gonna give you all a quick geography lesson because I didn't know any of this geography up until this event, which I researched. Post. So here's the geography lesson. When the USSR fell in the early 1990s, Moldova was being established as a country. There's part of Moldova that want to remain pro-Russian. Moldova is like half Romania, half Russia, half the people's seat remaining, half the people's seat Russian. It was all part of USSR meaning it was pro-Russian. When USSR fell, the Romanians gained influence and all the Russian population were afraid that when they country...  officially changes to a Romanian-speaking government. They're going to steal all the money, which is exactly what they did because it's a corrupt country. So the Russians want to remain part of Russia, so civil war kicked off. And to this day, even though this war was in 1992, there's an area of Moldova called Transnistria, which wants to be part of Russia, which isn't part of Russia, like a Crimea breakaway micro-nations, about 20 or 30 kilometers in length. Tiny little dot on the map, which I'd never fucking heard of up until this point. So, remember, they got the car? Russian soldiers from head to toe, blacked out. And not just soldiers. Not like you imagine a soldier with a green thing on it, a gun. Special forces, blacked out. And the reason they were there is because all the Crimea warship was just going down at this time. The Crimea peninsula and all this crap. In fact, I read it when I was researching post that the European Union was concerned that the next place Russia would annex would be Transnistria because it's such a pro-Russian mindset. So the Russian government has kept a military presence there since 1992, and it was fucking loaded with Russian soldiers. Which is got the car with our hands off, they got a guns point ass, they're like, yeah, what, what, who the fuck are you?  Like this is more than just a routine robbery. They even had our Mr. Fucking Rally driver at gunpoint. So all at gunpoint, they take us, arrest us, march us, sit down in this room. And they're like, who? Firstly, they start talking to us in Russian. It was like my friend, we don't speak Russian. It was a good 10 minute conversation with them yelling at us in Russian. And I'm saying we don't speak Russian until they finally agreed to find someone to speak English. I don't think they even believed we didn't speak Russian. I think they were sure we spoke Russian before they finally conceded. Left the room, these two big fucking guys and got some other fucking huge dude to come sit down with his broken ass English. And he said, what are you doing here? I said, what am I doing where? I'm trying to go back to Romania. So where did you come from? I said, the Eurovision Song Contest. So what the fuck else? Now, probably a lot of times people have looked at me like I'm a dickhead in my life. But the biggest, the most important event in my life, the time I was looked at like the biggest dickhead ever was this Russian soldier. Look at me and my brother, three o'clock in the morning in the middle of a fucking micro-nation war zone. And I said, I've been there. I'm there because of the Eurovision Song Contest.  He looked to me and he's like, this guy's either the biggest idiot I've ever met or a brave mother fucker. Anyway, by completely terrible coincidence, our brother and I were wearing black. We had black t-shirts on. I had black jeans. He had black jogging bottoms on. He said, why are you dressed in black? He said, I don't know, man. We just got a taxi from retrain. We're trying to go back to Romania. He goes, you're impersonating soldiers. It's three o'clock in the morning. You're pretending you come from your vision. You're dressed in black. What are you doing here? So the accuses of being American spies. We're not spies. We just want to go back to Romania. We're sitting in the interview room. They come in. Now, let me tell you one thing that did actually cross my mind. Because I'm a combatant individual. That's why I do this. Why I did for a living. So it always crosses my mind to fight. Now, let's cross my mind thinking, okay, this situation's pretty bad. Can I fight my way out of this? There's two guys in the room with me. Both armed. They're both big guys, but I could probably take them hand to hand because it's closed combat. But once I get out, there's fucking like 30 guys. They had attack dogs, rotwilers, the whole fucking laws. There's no way I can fight my way out of this. All I can do is try and like go along with the fucking process. They bring our suitcases out the car. They pour all our shit on the floor. The dogs start.  going through our suitcases, these guys start ruffling through our stuff. They search me interested and we take our t-shirt off, take our jeans off for stand and our fucking underwear handcuffed in a fucking little booth. I'm gonna try and Google and find a picture of the exact spots you can see it. A little booth in Transnistria being accused of being American spies. We have American and British passports at 3 o'clock in the morning and we're in a micro-nature breakaway. I was desperate to get on my phone. The reason for this is I just actually met Donald Trump Jr. about a month or a month and a half before this. So I have him on WhatsApp. He's my boy and I've got two or three very important Romanian politicians high level, secretaries, stakes, withdrawn WhatsApp. So I thought, I could just get to my WhatsApp and send some messages. The Russian they're gonna want to kill me. I mean, they're gonna keep me a while. This might go on a few weeks. Let me just get on WhatsApp and speak to some important people and try and get the fuck out of here. So I'm saying, look, guys, just give me my phone. I've got a guy in Romania who can speak Romanian and Russian and you can talk to him and he'll explain to you that I'm not a spy. I'm just a fucking idiot who went to a shitty song contest and got in the wrong taxi. My taxi driver Mr. Moron decided to drive through a fuck.  I didn't know, I didn't know this was still technically a war, I had no fucking idea. I look at the rally guy who's kept separate to me and T. I kept looking out the window and the rally guy was still out on the gravel road. So I should have known not to trust a 12 year old, he's standing outside with a gun pointed at his head, fucking wet in his pants. Me and Tristan are sitting there arrested and are underwear, handcuffs saying look, we're not spies, we're not spies. Why are you dressed like soldiers, we're not spies? Anyway, a fat and said to the guys, look, let me get my phone, I'll make some phone calls just so go away, as if you're not going to touch your phone for a very long time. I said my friend. So don't call me your friend, it's a fine. I'm not a spy, I'm an idiot. Just take the money that's in my bag and let me go. And this is what I love about corrupt countries. He didn't say yes or no. He spoke to his friend and said something in Russian. No, no, no. They spoke in Russian for a few seconds and I can guess what he said, he said, count how much money is in his bag. They went in my bag and they started going through my bag looking for money and he went through it. And they fought about $7,000 American dollars and they sat there and he goes, I never instantly, there was no pretending that they weren't going to...  do it they found the 7000 was actually quite nice of them because they could just took it and kept me to be fair but I guess you know they were men of honor he goes okay here's the deal I never want to see you again I was like trust me my friend I guarantee you're never gonna see me again they took the 7000 they let us put our clothes back on they load us back in the taxi with the dork and they escorted us out with one of those fucking humvee trucks guns pointing us the entire time straight out to at fucking tirasball or wherever we were so what's the moral of this story the moral of this story is quite there's quite a few morals one don't take the train from fishing out of Kiev if you want to live two don't take taxis from Kiev to anywhere if you want to live don't go to war's out stay out of that part of the world this is the part of the world that no one goes to I live in a part of the world that basically no one goes to and then I go a little bit further to the area where literally nobody goes no one speaks English there's no big Americans there I live here because I make money here but really it's a crazy part of the world the reason I'm telling this story is because me my brother and I are due to go back there in two days we tried to avoid going but a friend of ours invited us he said look we go  some work there, we got some business there, you're gonna make some money. On top of that, there's a mini skirt competition. I mean, come on, who doesn't wanna go to a mini skirt competition in a war zone? Like what the fuck? Like, there's a whole bunch of beautiful last women who can't escape and they like mini skirt competitions. It's a crazy place. No one goes there. Nobody goes here. I know I'm giving all of you a geography lesson. None of you have heard of this place for sure. And I hear all along Google, like, what the fuck? So anyway, I'm going there in two days time. Hopefully I don't run into my friend, the border guard. This time I've actually got a visa. I've been, I've seen my boys in Romania, I've got high level visa, Romanian visa saying, look, he's diplomat, he's allowed to come blah, blah, blah. So hopefully they'll let me in and out with ease. So I wanna ask you now, give us, give me a few stories. I love your stories. Crazy story involving a girl, crazy as fight story. Craziest thing you ever saw. And the last one, if you can give me a crazy story which you've never mentioned before. Ever. All my stories are very long, Mr. Problem. They're all like 30 minutes long. They're podcasts of their own. They're podcasts on their own. What was the first one? The next person was...  That's the craziest story involving a girl. I've told this story before, I think somewhere you have to find it. It was when I met, when I first went to Romania, I was in a town called Constanta, and there was a girl there who I met, who was truly beautiful. She was Ukrainian. And she... I've held the story properly for so long, it takes half an hour to get the content. Oh, should we skip that one then? No, it takes half an hour to get the context, but basically it's the story of how, meaning her we're talking, and she was trying to get information out of me, and I was paranoid and didn't want to give her too much information, but she liked me, and I styled it off, and I worked out that she was working for the club, and she was getting everyone to spend a whole bunch of money all the time. And I'm the only guy who didn't spend money on her, and we ended up having a summer of love. But it's an interesting story when it's told properly, and it's entirety. Yeah, because it's weird. That's a strange one, yeah. And I tell you what we should do. I'll tell the overview of all the five stories, and then we'll, in the comments to people who want to hear which story they're...  I want to hear the most. I'll do a nice 45 minute explanation of the story and the death. So the craziest story involving a girl was her, but she was very interesting case because it showed the power of female manipulation. In fact, I've changed my mind into the story. So I'm in Constantin Romania, right? I'm in Romania. I was there, this is maybe eight or nine years ago. At the time, there weren't so many foreigners who went there. I was in a club and there was an absolute beautiful girl and I went over to her and said, hello. What's nice to meet you, you're absolutely gorgeous. Start talking to her back and forth. I said, can I buy you a drink? And she said, yes, I'd like this bottle of champagne. And at the time, I didn't have the kind of money I had now. So I said, I'm sorry, I'm not going to buy you a bottle of champagne. I don't normally drink champagne. I bought this. And I beer. Yeah, I didn't say beer, but I styled it off. I said, oh, so you can't really say that, right? So you have to be smooth about it. It's like, oh champagne, we should enjoy a bottle of champagne together one day, but I'm about to leave. I just want to come say hello. So we'll do it sometime in the future. I have to be smooth about these things. James Bond, right? Because I didn't want to buy a $1,500 bottle of champagne. Yeah. So I styled it off.  got her number left, we're texting back and forth, she seemed like a really nice girl, absolutely and not really beautiful. My standards are ridiculously high because I'm not a peasant like everybody else. I'm only associated with women in the ice. I only have one. I can have anything I want. And I kinda like when they all match. So I live with very, very high standards. So she's truly beautiful. The next day I met her who we had lunch, and again, she tried to kinda hint at this drink, and again I styled it off. That night I saw her on another man's table and they were buying all the champagne. And I was kinda a little bit annoyed because I thought I bagged a really beautiful girl, and she's now on this table, and she's all the champagne's coming. So whatever it is, what it is, I left it. I still text her a little bit back and forth. And it became this running joke. She was like, why won't you buy me a single bottle of champagne, you're a man. Why won't you buy a single bottle of champagne? And she was also quite inquisitive. She was like, so what's your job? What are you doing here? She's trying to ask me lots of questions, and I wouldn't answer any of them. I'd always styled off with a clever answer. Like, what do you, what's your...  job is like, I'm a priest or blah blah blah. So, yeah, we ended up becoming really good friends throughout the summer. And eventually she came open to the fact that she's there specifically to make men spend money. And she had a script. And she said, you're the only, when she'd drunk a little bit of champagne that night to be fair, she was a little bit drunk. She said, do the only man I've ever met didn't do the only man I've ever met who didn't follow my script Andrew. I said, what's the script? And she showed me in her, it was Facebook at the time. She showed me in her Facebook inbox. The man would get her number. They'd meet the next day. Then after about two or three dates, she'd say, I can't fall in love with somebody who lives far away. Last time, I'm only one man in my whole life. Last time I was with a man like this, my heart was broken and she'd copy and paste this long message. The guy would start picking for her back. She would wait about a day and a half and then hit him back and go, okay, I'll come meet you but I don't want to come on my own because it's too, it's, I'm falling in love with you. I want to bring some friends and we'll go to this place and they'd go and spend more money on more girls, more champagne, more, more meals. And it was just script and every man was falling for it.  in exact order and it was copy and paste messages. And every single dude felt for it, just chasing this girl, promising her anything, taking her and all her friends to whatever place she needed to go that day for the commission. And this is like eight, nine years ago. She said she was making like 20 to $25,000 a month in commissions. And she's from Ukrainian, she's like 19, like her family, a house, but like literally enriched her family off the bench. You talk to me, yeah, she was absolutely amazing. I'm manipulating, but it just showed how stupid men were. Every single man was falling for the same trick all of it head to toe. And after that, we got a bit closer and she was, we fell in love, let's say. And it was kind of funny because we spent the whole summer together. I never bought a drink. I never bought a whole no. It became a thing where I said, I'm not buying you a thing. Because you do want to be one of those guys. Tap water only. So I was like, I'll get you tap. You want tap water? And she was like, oh, I made a big joke. She was buying the drinks because she had more money than me. So yeah, that's one of the craziest stories.  involving. But yeah, just stand up. So they just want someone to stand up. I think it's yeah, I mean, there's it was going on for weeks. There's a lot of nuance to it. I'm not saying don't I'm not saying don't buy girls drinks. In fact, if I meet a girl now, she wants to drink. I'll certainly buy her one. It was just a very unique scenario, unique circumstance that kind of led into a story. But the night I was the night she was going through those Facebook messages, it was crazy how quickly and instantly men will simp and beg and cry over girl they've known for three days, promising, oh, we're going to be special. I'll take care of the thing. She's the one that it bro's crazy. Do you believe in the one? I don't I think it's just compromise. Yeah, every I there's I don't think there's ever going to be one person on the planet you're truly compatible with. I think there's going to be, you know, a few and if you have your life in order as a man, truly in order than you're compatible with a lot more people. I think that if you're a man and you're struggling to find somebody you're compatible with, that's probably because you're a your loser. If your life's in order, then you're compatible with with a lot of women. Like me, me, for example, I don't need a woman to mother me. I don't need a woman to motivate me to tell me to stop playing video games.  I don't need her to do anything for me. I need her to be happy, positive, protect my spirit, pray for me. Maybe little things, make me a coffee, some kind of small gesture. But my money's right, my motivation's right, my life is right. And if she is associated with me, by proxy, she's gonna have a fantastic life. I can't fly on my jet and put her on an easy jet. Like she's gonna end up on jets, she's gonna end up in the five star hotels, she's gonna end up not having to worry about money, she's gonna end up in the best restaurants. By proxy, she's gonna have a very fantastic life. So you'll find that if your expectations of a woman are for her to be happy and you have a lifestyle that makes her happy, a lot of women are pretty happy. And you get along with basically all of them. It's kind of amazing how that works. It only, it thinks a very special type of character to still be dislikable in those kind of scenarios. Whereas if your life is less perfect or your reality is less impressive, then yeah, then you need a girl who's happy to be bored or hot and then it becomes harder. But I don't have any of those problems. The craziest fight story.  It could be street or in the ring. Yeah, I can't tell the story of... All right, I'll tell a very rough version of it. It's exclusive. Yeah. I'm gonna miss a lot of details. I was about 24. I think. And I can't say why, but I had a problem with this guy and we were arguing. Sorry, was this during the kickboxing time? I was kickboxing, yeah. Okay. But I was also, kickboxing doesn't make money like boxing, right? When you're kickboxing, this is, I was, I was like, one time world champion. You're making like 30, 40, 50 grand to fight, but you're fighting like twice a year. And it's, yeah, I mean, towards the end, I was getting five, six fights a year and I was doing better, but when you're fighting like twice a year and you have to pay your coach and your taxes, you're living in London, you're not rich. So I was making somebody on the side and I had a disagreement with this guy. And we were kind of texting back and forth. And he stopped replying to me. He totally stopped replying. Cool.  That was it. And I was like, okay, and I texted him a few more times and he'd totally stopped replying to me. And about a week and a half later when I was walking to my car, he tried to stab me. I was walking to my car. Even to this day if I walk to my car at night, especially if it's raining, I panic a little bit. A little bit. I was walking to my car and I heard footsteps behind me. This is one of the reasons I hate headphones. And anyone I see in headphones is a fucking idiot because you're so killable with headphones in. You think you look cool with your airpods in. I can sneak up behind you with a fucking chainsaw. You dummy. Like anyone who has airpods or headphones in is a soft target. I heard it first. I heard feet moving quickly. And as I turned, I've got a scar here on my hand. We can see the blade in my hand. I turned and I took the blade in the hand. And that was my neck I'd be dead. Had you had missed that hand? Had you had his hand made a different position? Yeah. I could have easily died. I hit him, but it was sloppy. I'll admit it was a bit sloppy. He wobbled. He took a step back, but now we're facing each other. But because  because I was bleeding so much, because my finger basically came off, because I was bleeding so much, I thought I'd been stabbed properly. And I ran, but I could have been dead. And the only reason I'm not is because I heard him coming, I didn't see him coming. And that's why to this day, if I sit in public and I see somebody with air pods in, I feel nervous for them. If I can't explain it, I get anxious. It's like seeing somebody touching a chain, about to touch a chain saw, like you're like, whoa, don't do that. Yeah, when I see somebody and they're like, I'm like, you f***ing. And they were like, oh, it's so killable. They're walking to the street like this. Yeah, like, it's just unbelievable, because I heard it coming. And if I walk to cars at night on my own now, especially if it's raining, I have to chuck back and that thing. So that was a story. But that's not a fight. That's the thing about the real world, is that the real world's violent. And you'll often see that the idea of fighting is misunderstood, even now in the war in Ukraine.  I guarantee most of the men who got killed were never in a fight. You're doing your job. But, they didn't ever start coming. You didn't send a chance. Didn't know they're dead. That's it. Yesterday, I nearly died. Genuinely, yesterday was the closest I ever came to death in my entire life. And I want you to understand that I am the best of the best. The only reason I am breathing is because I'm a fucking ice-cold professional. Any of you watching this video, if you were in the same situation I was in, would be dead. I say with 1,000% confidence, I don't know any other motherfucker alive who could have done what I did yesterday. I'm that good. So I'm driving. Now, it's hard to explain how Romanian roads work, but it's a dual carriageway going up a mountain. So when you're coming, there's three lanes on mountains. The lane coming down is one lane. But the lane coming up, the mountains is always two lanes because the trucks go very slowly. They move to the side. So I'm going up.  the mountain. Coming down the mountain is gridlock traffic, gridlock. So I'm behind the truck, it breaks into two lanes, the truck goes to the slow lane, I come to the fast lane, I'm in the 911 turbo, 992, boom, I floor it, bang, I've been about 120 miles an hour right out of the mountain. Some fucking idiot, idiot, front comes round the bend, coming directly at me head on, the other way, so he's in my lane, he's on my side of traffic because his traffic's gridlocked, and he's flooring his Ferrari 812 super fast, 150 miles an hour, going heading at traffic in the wrong direction. So when we go around the corner and I see him, when the Ferrari first appeared, please I say this without exaggeration without bravado, I'm driving my car, I go around the corner, and the Ferrari is there, right fucking there in front of me, bam, 812, now this is...  He's fucking death. Head on, 911 Turbo, 812 super fast. Head on, bang. Head on. There's no fucking surviving that. Even me, with all my supreme strength, would struggle to survive. This fucking guy was gonna kill us both. He's on my side of the road, 150 miles per hour at traffic. Fucking absolutely unbelievable. So when the Ferrari appears, let me tell you what amateurs do, because you're all amateurs, I'm a fucking professional. Amateurs always do the same thing in cars. When something happens, that they're unsure about, or they don't like, they press the brake. Now I can tell you this, because when I drive the way I drive, I drive very fast. Why don't I drive on the wrong fucking side of the road? When I drive very fast, and I'm zipping in and out of cars, let's say there's a person in the car, and they see me behind in the rear view, zipping in and out very quickly, they start to panic, because they see a Lambo coming up out of nowhere, and they press the brake.  even though there's nothing in front of them, because somebody's coming up behind them really quickly, they just press the brake. People press the brake, that's what they do. In this scenario, if I would have touched the brake, it's over. There's no time, you cannot break. The Ferrari is, without exaggeration, I could see the man's face. The Ferrari was so fucking close. The Ferrari is there. There's no time to break. Break what? So I'm driving, Ferrari appears, and I'll give you, this is real world, I'm driving. Ferrari, in fact, it was a left hand turn, driving left hand turn, Ferrari appears, and I fucking hard bang! Full right lock to the Porsche 911, and lose control of the car. This is why I'm the best. I'm saying this without bravado, I mean this. What I did yesterday was fucking legendary. If I had a dash cam, it would be a billion hits on YouTube. I'm having dash cams installed in every car, tomorrow. I fucking full lock to Porsche right, lose control of the Porsche. As I'm fighting to regain control.  the Porsche I'm heading for the concrete barrier. While I'm fighting to regain control the Porsche, I glance at my rear view and I see him he's lost control of the Ferrari. This is the difference. I regain control of my car without hitting anything. Regain control of my car without hitting anything. He slid off into a truck. Now, that's not the end of the fucking story because I was furious this motherfucker almost killed me. I was in Miami four in the morning, right? I just had these two Russian chicks in this club. Blah blah blah. So anyway, finish these chicks in their apartment. I come down and I wait for my Uber. So I'm outside the apartment in Miami and it's four in the morning and this car rolls up. It must have been like a 1996 Toyota Ultima, like some old bus up car rolls up. And he's two guys like me go, no, I'm like what?  He's number eight, eight. It's a proof, don't know. He goes, you don't know where you are. It's a bro, I don't know. Then he turns around and reaches to the back seat. And it's like, black. And it'll the night. And I was like, I thought, because in Romania, I carry, right? So instinctually I went, I thought, and got gun, shit. There's nowhere to hide here. There's nowhere to hide here. It's an open fucking sidewalk. There's nothing but jimmy and bullets, right? He reaches to the back seat. And for a second, I don't believe in panic, because I'm professional. But I analyze his situation, right? I have no weapon. He's inside of a car. Fifth saying, gonna do much. I've nowhere to hide. I'm fucked, right? So he reaches to the back, turns back around. It was a pizza. And I was like, oh, they're fucking. Oh, just went top. Just to see if it's a pizza. Yeah, a pizza. But why do I have to live in that world? Do you know what I mean? Like in America, you're like, you can just get smoked. I had a Rolex on, I'm wearing a suit. Like it's... I mean, when we went to LA, when we was in LA once, we were driving through...  like the bad part of LA in like a nice SUV Chevrolet, but it wasn't even nice, but it was in this part of LA, it was nice, people come over, it's kind of spitting on it, saying get the fuck out of this, like it was crazy. Yeah, 100% was fucking nuts, that's a roll of the windows and everything. I had to put my seat back so that they couldn't see me through the window. Yeah, that's, yeah. It's America's a different level, right? So America used to be very, very careful. I mean, I rolled security in London, I got security in me now. London's getting a bit dangerous as well. But even, but without a gun, as long, and I state this without arrogance, right? As long as there is a degree of intimacy in the conflict, I stand a chance. I'm a world level combatant, right? Even if you have a knife, if I hit you, you're fucked anyway. Yeah, do not I mean, but with a gun across the street. That's a point. It's hard, it's hard. It's hard. I mean, I've got some Neo-Murts. I've escaped the Matrix. I can dodge bullets. I don't want to do it too often. That's a good point. It's very different for you because when you walk in the streets, you are what you said, you are four times kick boxing.  Well champion like it's a lot different say we're walking the street. We could be as rich as we want to be But we've not got it's true But but even now but even then and this is another point we'll get to there's a huge difference between fighting and violence There's different things so a lot of people say to me, hey, take why do you worry? And I say one for peace of mind because otherwise I'm on edge all the time I'm perspicacious right so the number one way you protect yourself is to be aware You have to see it coming doesn't matter who you are If you get sucker punch you get sucker punch Like if you get hit with a baseball bat you didn't fucking see it. You're for done Yeah, so the first you're gonna do is I'm all you if I don't have to curtain me I'm always looking at my shoulder. I was watching I was paying attention who walked in the bar Where's this guy? I don't I if I sit in a restaurant? I will only sit in the corner where I can see the whole restaurant I want my back to people I won't do any of these things because I don't want them to sneak attack me If you want to kill me give me a chance at least it's gonna be somewhat of a fair fair I refuse to die with some sucker punch bullshit. That would be so shit Yeah, after all of this has died from a baseball bat crack back  Correct, you're right. So that's the first thing about it. But the truth is about fighting and violence is there very very different things I was a professional fighter and I still am capable as a fighter if you if any one man were to come up to me even Move the blade. I know I would disable my beat and there's no problem And I would try and I would take his life. Yeah, I tried and came up again, but but but I think the people who truly understand the nature of the world are interested in fighting or interesting and violence So even for me for example, let's say I had an enemy and that enemy was a professional fighter I wouldn't engage him in a fight I'd engage him in violence 10 men and shades cool This you show me your fighting we're hitting with a car Run him over the truck fucking waiting for him to be on the pavement just fucking hit with the SUV fucking oh your tough guy All right, cool. There's a difference between fighting and violence. Yeah, yeah, so a lot of people go he can fight He's tough he ain't tough against ten doable blades. Have you had any life and death experiences with someone's? What's been what's been the craziest one the one that you thought fuck I'm lucky to get away with this one I Have some stories which I  don't want to tell. But I have one story I can tell, which I've already told before, which is a bit more sanitized. But I'm covered in scars. I have a scar on the top of my head here where I was hit. I have a knife mark here because here my finger came off. I did so much finger back on. I have a stab mark here. So I've been through it. But yeah, the difference between fighting violence is very, very different. We'll leave it at that. There's some things I don't want to say on Spotify because of the repercussions of what happened. But I do have a kind of story, which was probably one of the times I was most scared. I was arrested by Spetsnaz Russian military. That's fucking wild. In Transnistria, that was pretty scary. In where, sorry? Transnistria? That's not a real place. That's why I'm a tube line. Where is that? Where is that? It's where that Sharif football team that beat Real Madrid are from. What a spot, man. Shared to Sharif FC, man. Yeah, that's some weird knowledge. Bored and what? Bored and Bankrock did a video there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Have you seen that guy, Sharif?  Yeah, it's good. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, it's good. Yeah, he's all over the place. Yeah, he's all over the place. He's sick. Yeah, he seems sick. So I was in Ukraine, I've told the story before about tell it again. Let me give a full rendition. So I decided, my brother and I had this genius idea. This is about seven, no, maybe five years ago. My brother thought that Eurovision Song Contest would be full of policy. He said, take. That's an L, by the way. I don't know. I don't know. Me and my brother, me and my brother, Cole, each other, take. Yeah. And we live in the same house, and I was asleep. And I remember hearing him say, take. He goes, you're a vision full of girls. That was the exact conversation. I was like, what? And I walked out. I think it was in Israel or something. And there's a crowd full of girls screaming. He's like, you're a vision full of girls. He goes, we need to go Eurovision, get a table, get some champagne. There's no one. No, no, no. You know, it's gay. It's gay people. I don't know. Is that what your vision is? It's just like, it's gay people. It's LGBT people. It's LGBT people. So our Tristan was like, let's go to, is that what we said? Exactly. Tristan. But I'm, yeah, he's like.  He's like, we're gonna get a table, we're gonna do 100 bottles of champs, we're gonna fucking, we're gonna run it. I was like, whatever, D.J., don't worry about it. And then like six months later, we found out the following Eurovision was in Kiev, and we spent a lot of time in Ukraine, because we have a lot of guns in Ukraine we're used to, probably belong to the fucking Russians now. We had a house in Ukraine and we had a bunch of firearms there, et cetera. So he's like, Kiev's already full of girls. Now the Eurovision on top, we off the chain. We gotta go Kiev. That's all right, cool. So I was like, whatever. It's an adventure, right? So we got in the car, we live in Booker, Estromania, we got in the car and we decided to drive there. We drove to the border of Romania, got to Moldova, and the Moldovans wouldn't let us through. They said that we were missing a piece of paper for our car and they wouldn't let us through. And Romania, even though it's EU, has a hard border for cars, you need to actually go to the border and chat shit and get through. So they wouldn't let us through. So we left the car in a train station. This is all in the internet somewhere. I've got a really old YouTube series called Hateful Tate, really old. It's all on there. So we left the car in a train station, got to...  taxi to Kishinau Moldova, which is another place I actually got jumped in a different story. And got the train overnight from Kishinau Moldova to Kiev. Now, on this train, I found out later that because there's no airports involved to get in and out of Ukraine, there's a lot of bad guys that take this train. So it was about three in the morning when I went to the food cart. And I went to the food cart and I sat down and there's these two big guys, 110 kilo, 120 kilo, big guys, bald heads, mafia guys, units, right? Sitting over there. And I'm sitting there and I sit in the food cart and I sit to the guy, food, he doesn't speak any English. Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, I was like, bro, just... Give me a fucking gun. Give me a bunch of... Bro, I'm in the food cart. You've been in the food cart for 60 years. And why do people come to the food cart? Do we need a language? Give me some food, to fucking dumb ass. So anyway, give me some food. There are some soup, whatever I'm sitting there. Two big guys get up and they walk over to me. And one of them sits here.  I'm now tracked. I can't move. The other one sits opposite me. And I realized I still have my Rolex on. I'm like, I got my Rolex on. So I'm like, okay, I've been around the world, right? And I know the world. I know how it functions. So I'm sitting there, go, okay, worst case, I give up my Rolex. I survive. Who gives you shit? Right? So the guy sits opposite me goes, where are you from? I said, I live in Romania. I didn't sell as American. Didn't sell English. I live in Romania. You're a Romanian. I said, I live there. I live there. It was used and he talks to me in Romania. I don't speak Romanian. Of course. So it's like, I understand, but I don't speak. Why you're on this train that it starts talking to me. Anyway, he gets a bottle of vodka and starts pouring shots. You drink, you drink. It's like, okay, fine. I have one. Have two, have three. And they're drinking. You know, like Russians. Yeah, bang, bang, just like this. Okay, he just wants to fuck me up on booze. That's my last skill gone. So I got to a point where I was like, look, bro, no more. I'm not drinking more. I'm not Russian. Try to make a joke of it. I'm not Russian. I'm not Russian. Because okay. Oh, why you're on my  train. He said, is your train? Why is he your train? He goes, oh, this is all mine. Did it start on his own shape. It's not cool. And then he took my hand to shake my hand. He goes, oh, this is all mine. Did it like this? He took my hand and he went and looked at my watch. And then looked at me. You don't want that. And I was like, that's not good. That's not good. So I'm sitting there and I'm like, what's that? Are you going to take my watch? Was this guy bigger than you, by the way? Yeah. So I'm like, I'm like 95. Yeah, he's 120. Yeah, I'm like 95 kilo. He's fat, but he's big. Yeah, it's a big guy. Big guy. But that's not even about it. The truth is about like we're talking about fighting environments. There are different things, right? I'm a world level kickboxer, but I'm sitting down. There's 110 kilo here guy next to me. I'm pinned against a wall. Yeah. This guy here. That watch is gone if it wants to go. What the fuck am I going to do? They want to have blades on them? Yeah. The fuck you're going to do, right? You're going to die. You're stupid. It's really trying to fight. So I said to me, you're going to take my watch and he kind of looked at me. A lot of you think you think I'm a thief. Did it? I said, no, I've just been around the world. I understand how the world works. And he asked me then he said, what?  I said, I'm a fighter, I'm a kickboxer. So if your kickboxer, for who? And I told him the organizations I fought for, et cetera. I definitely didn't scare him. He wasn't scared of me, kickboxing, but I think he respected me. And what's funny about the world is that when you're a fighter, you get a lot of respect from people. You don't get, so you get fear from some people, but I actually think respect will save you from more trouble than fear ever will. And I think he respected me. He's like, oh, this guy's brave, he's a fighter, and he respected me, and I think he changed his mind. And he said, okay, okay, okay. Have a nice time. And he goes number 13. That was the carriage number, me and my brother were in. So we already knew what carriage I was in. Yeah. So he did it bro. He died, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He literally did this. I went to get up to leave, and when I went to the door to open the food carriage, it was locked. Oh, so that's what this fucking kid is doing. And now the old man goes, oh, he gets his ass up, and comes over with the key. I was like, quite a fucked up. And I said to him, you locked the door? Looks at me like, yeah, on the wall. He's paying me, not you. He had a break. Right, so anyway, so we go off in the train and she couldn't help.  Once you're a vision, fucking sucked. Blue, everything about a suck. No girls, my brother's a liar, sucked, right? So I didn't want to take the train home. That's the whole reason I told the train story. The train is now mafia run, don't take the train home. So you're a vision ends, there's no flights back because everything's been booked up for fucking months. I don't want to take the train home, so the only other way home is car, right? So I start going to taxi saying, can you take me to Romania? Don't give a fuck, I'll give you a two years wages. I'm rich. Take me to Romania, take me to Romania. At the time, Ukrainians needed a visa to get into EU, so they couldn't get to EU. Eventually some guy goes, my cousin has visa for EU, he will drive you. It's like cool, like a 2000 American, which is like five months wages. He comes, he goes, he's a rally driver, he's one of the best rally drivers in Ukraine. He's number one driver in Ukraine. All right, whatever, cool. So anyway, he goes, we pick you up at seven here on this street corner. And I remember, because I don't know if it's like this anymore, but it probably is thanks to Putin, but back then it was so cheap. I remember we were waiting for the guy. What's your name? Ukraine.  So cheap. I went out for a Champions League final. I couldn't believe it, right? I paid less than a quid for a pint. It's crazy cheap. Mental. I went out, we were waiting on the street corner and you picked up my dis rally driver, right? We went into the store, we thought we'll drink on the way home, nothing else to do. We bought a bottle of vodka, two cartons of cherry juice, and two Snickers bars, it was like three euro. So, including the vodka. You get a cheap, you get a Chernobyl, that's where I was fucking cheap. But just before the war kicked off, I was in Chernobyl. And it is, because I went there to make a YouTube video. Yeah, yeah. And... Do you have radiation poisoning? You know what? I had to get it. I had to get it. I had to get checked for the full thing. So when you go in and out of Chernobyl, you have to have... You have to go into this machine and you put your hands and your feet and everything, and your body against this whole wall, and then you push against it, and it tells you if you can come out. Because if you go in there and you've got too much radiation on you, you ain't allowed to leave. Wow. So, if it fucking doesn't beep and say you're good, then you're stuck there, my friend. Wow, wow, wow. That's it. You actually have to go ahead and live, because there's a little town in there that still exists. Wow.  small town. You're living with a babushka. We're talking about 30 people in there. Wow. And if you don't beep on that machine, that's it. You're going living in there. Wow. You working for Nobuono. That's it. You're done. I just went there for the video. So I went out when I was getting out and I was like, this is it. My two day trips done. I'll come up to the machine and go, well, I better fucking beep here. I'm stock. He's like, hopefully you beat my friend. And I'm like, I'm fucking hope so because I need to go back to the country for my podcast. But yeah, fortunately, I'm beeped and that's why I'm here with, uh, you know, if you didn't beep, you'd just message the war room. Well, you know what? That's a helicopter comes in. I think so. We'd fix it. Trust me, my friend. We'd think. Listen, when this podcast ends, I'll be writing your ears saying, you know, I'm driving a lot to offer to the war room. Yeah, perfect. I'll make a trade. No problem. Yeah. All right. Let's do it. Listen, I've got a fair. We'll talk about. No, I've got a Peruvian goat farm. If you're interested, hey, we're from very desperate men out there. When he goes. Yeah. So, uh, we continue your story. We don't need to go into the Peruvian goat farm. Unless you want to go out my friend.  Did you want to make it an offer about a fucking prudent goat? Listen, I'm gonna try to prove you a goat farm. Take confidential channel. Yeah. But so long story short, this dude turns up, we have some booze, the guy is like fucking 14. I've never seen someone so young drive a car. Guy's the tree a kid. I swear he must have been maybe actually genuinely 14. I was like, bro, can you drive? I'm a rally driver. I was like, you're not a fucking rally driver. What kind of lie is this? Why is it one lying to me you're a rally driver? You're like 14. I'm 18. I was like, bro, you're 14. So anyway, he says, he is the only one with a visa, right? So we get in the car, we start drinking. We're driving, driving, driving, driving. Before this, I'd never heard of Transnistria in my life. Didn't know it was a place to exist. It was a breakaway micronation in Moldova. I looked this up afterwards. At the end of the USSR, they wanted to be more pro-Russian. Moldova wanted to be more pro-Romanian. They started some civil war, blah, blah. 1992, nobody gives a shit. It's a breakaway micronation, right? So we're driving and then me interested in by now, our hammered because we're trying to hold all about. I look out the window and there's like blacked out, fully black, like spets not soldier. I'm like.  Fuck. T, see that? I was like, what? Who the fuck are these? They go to border guards. They know they're normal border guards to me, bro. They look like bad boys. Special guys. Special guys. Yeah. So anyway, we get to the fucking border and they come up to the car and they go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, start talking to Russian, drag the driver out. So they drag him out the car and they close the door. So my main interest is sitting in the car for about a good 10 seconds. The driver's missing and we're like, what the fuck is this? The interest is like, I don't know, maybe they didn't like the car, but then the two doors open to grab us, pull out the car, right? That's what I fuck. And when we get out the car, we see fully blacked out, black fucking helmets, black fucking ski mask, fully black, black, black, black, ARs, black, like spets, not skies, right? They drag us take us into this little hut, little thing by the side of the road and we're like, what the fuck is the problem? And they're like, who are you? We're like, we're coming back to Romania from...  Ukraine. Like why are you in Ukraine? And I said, no, your vision. You're one of the guys, the guy, the guy looks at me like he looks at me and goes, this is either the worst cover story I ever heard. Or this guy is a fucking idiot. Because the worst thing is I was wearing a black t-shirt and like some green dragon bombs. He goes, why are you dressed like soldier? I'm not dressed like a fucking soldier. I'm a dragon bomb and a t-shirt on. Yeah. But I guess I'm on bill, a military age. I look like a fucking soldier, right? You do have a soldier. You're gonna soldier. A fucking American passport. So he goes, I go, you're a vision? And he looked at me just with hatred. He was not happy with who I was and why I was there. So they asked us a few more questions. We were sitting in the border guards. They went, they took all our luggage, support on the floor, support all out in the dirt. And there's 4,000 American there. And I was like, listen, bro, we live in Romania. You can Google us. We live in Romania. We just went to your vision. What's Ukraine?  I didn't know Transnistria was a place. I might get to cause any problems. I just want to go home, please. He goes, you must pay fine. I was like, okay, what's the fine for? He goes for impersonating soldier. Oh, fucking. I was like, how much? He goes 4,000 American. Oh, that's how. Oh, yeah. I'll come in. He's 4,000 American in the fucking suitcase. Very convenient. I was like, oh, that's very convenient. You can take exactly the money in my suitcase. Please take it, sir. All right, yeah, thank you. All right, sorry about that. I'll make sure I never were green drawing bottoms again. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Bundle less than a car and escort us to the border to take the tolls to fuck off and so never come back again. So that was in Transnistria, but that was pretty scary. Cause they had the wrought wilers as well on the chain, you know, like on the top of the park, trying to bite you and shit and I was just sitting there. And you know what, when you're a fighter, something about you in every single situation, you analyze it for like combative ability. Like what would I be able to get out of this? Like Jason Borg. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They're going, okay, this guy could take him. It's too outside. They're armed dog there. That guy sniper tower at the front. Yeah. Like a moment of realization. That's he no guy now. That is awesome. It's always an option. Some.  Yeah, you're like that won't work. That won't work. Well, I've got to, they had done so. It was a wrap up. I'm going to trends, this tree and jail. You know, when you agreed to give, when you're like, yeah, okay, you'd say the 4,000. Yeah. And obviously, I feel like that's a fucking real lot of money to them. And they just, and they, they must be laughing. Would they, would they, would they, would they, the average wage is like $100 a month or something? Yeah. But did they even show that it was like a norm to them and they took it over there like very, not, they were probably very happy after I left. Yeah. But at the time, they kept it, they kept it simple, they were straight. Wow, poker face. Yeah. They were, they were like, they're game straight. The second you was going down that road, by the way, you know, they turned around and thought, yeah. Of course, they were laughing the rest of all. Look at his jackass. It was your vision. Fucking. I'm going to tell you my story about Jamaica. I've been to Jamaica once in my life and I will never go there again. So I had some business in Jamaica. I was putting a very nice hotel. When you get to the hotel, they say, we have restaurants, we have clubs, we have everything inside the hotel. Don't leave the hotel. We have.  everything you want here. And it was fine for the first couple of days, but after a while of seeing fat Americans over and doles on the buffet and go into this club, which was garbage, is I'm sure you can imagine. You get pissed off with sitting in the fucking Golden Prison and you decide to go and explore for yourself. So I said, fuck it. I'm in Jamaica. I'm gonna go find some actual Jamaican fun. I know some Jamaican brothers in London. They're a little bit crazy, but I don't know Jamaica's a dangerous place, but whatever. I'm a dangerous guy. A bullet probably wouldn't kill me five miles back in tape one. So I decide to go out exploring in Jamaica. So I go up to the reception, say I need a taxi. I'm gonna do my Jamaican accent. She goes, I can't do it. I'm smiling. She goes, what do you need a taxi for? I said, I'm gonna go out and look around to me. I said, no, don't do that. Stay in the hotel. We have we have bar in the hotel. I was like, no, no, no. So she wouldn't give me a taxi. So I fuck you then. Reception literally wouldn't order me a taxi. So I walk out, out the hotel, down the long road, all the way out to the main road. I think I'll find my own fucking taxi. See a taxi? A wave? Dude.  stops. I said, bro, I want to go have some fun. He goes, get in the car man, I'll show you around the island. We have fun. That's all right. Cool. So I get in the car. This is what's your name? I said, Andrew. And then you go, you and he goes, grim. I said, grim. He goes, yeah, grim reaper. Start laughing. And I was just like, Ha, ha, yeah. All right. Grim Reaper. This is a warning. There do tell you his name's grim reaper. She got the fucking car. But maybe in my arrogant Jackass self. I'm like, all right, grim. Cool. So we're driving. Anyway, Grim's accent was so thick. He had that Jamaican accent and he's spoken that patch. Well, it was so thick. I couldn't understand the guy. He had this music on this hard vibes cartel like loud music and he's talking shit. And I've no idea what he's saying. So he said, where do you want to go? And I'm like, bro, I want to party. Is it one kind of party you like girls? And I know from being in all these countries, I've been to 72 countries. Taxi drivers say, do you like girls? When you say, yes, they take you to strip clubs to get commission. But I also know Jamaica.  Super homophobic so I can't say no I don't like girls and I also don't want to go to a fucking Jamaican strip club So I'm like yeah, I like girls. I don't want to go to a strip club I want to go find some normal girls. I didn't actually care about girls I'm not really looking to fuck it to make it chick. I just want to just look around a bit But you can't say to a Jamaican guy. I don't like girls. You can shut in the head Like yeah, like girls, but I don't want to go to strip club Anyways, these starts ranting off Bum bum bum bum bum bum Talking talking talking and he was driving like a fucking idiot So I'm focusing on the road thinking maybe I'm gonna have to grab the wheel or some shit It's not a fucking about to kill me talking shit and when he finishes He pulls out about 5,000 American from his fucking Puck it when those pockets on a shirt and he goes you like that I Have no idea to this day what he said he must have talked about two minutes And he pulled out the money goes you like that. I like money. So I was like yeah, I like that He goes I parked it with you all night I was like okay fine. So by saying yeah, I like that I agree grim so to come party at me  He pulls up at this club the best club in Jamaica blah blah blah blah we go in there I am mixed race. I may as well have been Ed Sheeran up in his motherfucker. It was Black I'm gonna be in races It was black the music was black the lights are low You couldn't see nobody's face. It was just black everyone in there probably had a gun Did everyone knew the dance is a song would come on everyone's doing the same dance? I'm standing there completely out of place. I walk in there and within Precisely seven seconds. I want to go and it took only seven seconds for Grim's stupid-ass to order a bottle of shivas regal Which I don't even fucking drink they brought the bottle over to me I could see on the wall the price of the bottle, but the bill said double Because I'm obviously fucking too white for this fucking place and and Grim just hands me the bill while he opens up the bottle So my guard whatever so I pay for the bottle for Grim. He starts sipping away on this shoe That's I'm sitting there. I'm standing up against the wall to know it can attack me  from behind. Just looking at this club thinking, not only do I not belong here, I'm definitely a little bit intimidating and there's definitely no fun for me here. There's no action for me here. But I don't want to just say to Greg, I'm going. I need him to drive me home. I don't know where the fuck I am. There's no other taxes outside. So I feel like Grim had his funds. So we hung out for maybe 20 minutes. Grim's punk ass. And listen, if you're black, if you're watching this, don't get offended. Black people can't drink. They all think they can drink. Black people can't drink. I live in Romania. I've gone to Russia. White people can drink. You can sit with a Russian man to three bottles of vodka. It's fine. As soon as a fucking black person starts touching alcohol, they all start getting out of control and rowdy. That's what they fucking fight in a shoot in each other. It's shit. Smell of fuckers starts drinking his sheath ass. He wants to add about four or five drinks. Drunk out of his mind. So I say to him, look, Grim, let's go. Why don't you go to a party just start in white? I'm like, bro, I don't want to leave. I bought a go back to my hotel by meeting. So I talked to some shit. But okay, I think you told Betta Party. You don't like the party here. Why do you think you told Betta Party?  I'm like alright, let's go. You're giving me the fuck out of here. Let's go. So we leave, we get in this car. Grim is drunk. Drunk is a motherfucker driving like putting his face closer to the road so we can see it there. That level of fucking drunk. Grim is hammered. So he's driving the car at like 15 miles an hour. You know Jamaican's take everything slow. This motherfucker's going slow. I'm like bro, just take him back to the hotel. I'm done with my party since I was nine. I think I did the best party on the island. Now it's late. This party time. Now you go out to 10 o'clock. Now it's midnight. Now it's party time. Done all this shit. I was like alright, fine. Fuck it. Take me. Fine, whatever. It was refusing to take me home. It was like fine. Take me to this party. So we're in this car or driving or driving. Anyway, we start driving up this dirt hill. Driving up this hill. Driving up this hill. Driving up this hill. We're driving up this hill for like 10 minutes. Dirt track hill in the middle of the forest on both sides. And I didn't clock instantly. Maybe I just had a few drinks. But then I clocked and thought, some other fuckers meant to rob me. For those...  Fuckin club up here. I'm about to get robbed. I mean me mr. Stupid wearing my fucking nice watch and shit So I was like alright cool. I'm about to get robbed I've been robbed before you know like I'm a professional athlete. I can fight But also I know my limitations you won't take my shit take my shit. I don't care. I'll buy new shit So there's no ego attached most people dying mugging cuz of ego you want my phone take my phone If you tell me you're gonna kill me I'm gonna attack you if you like just give me your phone. I'll leave on here Anyway, so I was like he's gonna rob me so I was like grim where we go in bro We're not going to no fucking club. I ain't stupid. He goes. I didn't see a club boy. I said a party And that kind of gave me you know I actually made me feel a little bit better when he said it I thought maybe there is a party up here Maybe I'm fucking freaking out. So get up to the top of this hill and it was a party. This was Grimm's party It was too Rickety-ass fucking street lamps Gimli lighting a fucking clearing in this forest. There was a old dude sitting on a cooler And a cooler had some drinks in it. There was a shitty old  beatbox from 1988 playing the kind of ragga shit you never heard outside of Jamaica and there was about 20 Jamaican dudes no girls That's it. That's the party Everybody's over here. I think Grimm, let's go and before I can even say let's just shit take me home. He'd already stepped out the car I'll start walking So what can you do? What can you get just sitting the car like a bitch? I was looking at you now because You know you're driven up this part. Everyone's staring at you. So Got the fucking car. What else are you gonna do? So get out the car. I must have bought the car about four seconds after Grimm After I looked around analyze my options. I looked at there's a key in the car I can steal the car then it else I know okay looked on me what they're gonna rob me they rob me about thousand U.S Analyzed everything about three seconds decided the best thing to do is got the car God the car and within those three or four seconds Grimm had vanished Grimm is now gone like a ghost into the fucking night I look around and I cannot see Grimm So it's just me at this party  Okay, so there's I'm kind of like well where do I stand what do I do? There's this shed the shitty shed and I have the same philosophy ever our go I don't want to be attacked from behind you can kill me and at least see it coming so I'm sorry to go stand up against the shed For go stand up against the shed Stand there trying to pretend I'm just like chilling and all the dudes are looking at each other and then looking at me and Jamaicans they're not so Jamaicans are not subtle people at all So they made it very clear what they were doing they were asking who knows this guy? Can I rob him because you're pleading who the fuck is this dude? So they're like, oh, no, no, no, him, him, you know who literally is being super obvious who the fuck is if he's your friend? Am I shooting him? Are you gonna be mad? So I was talking to a gentleman about me. I'm just sitting there And obviously as a professional athlete especially in fighting you get a poker face That's your whole job as you have a poker face So I sit there and thought my only thing I can do is keep the poker face on off pretend I don't give a fuck I got pretend I'm so comfortable here. I got to have this poker face like like you do before a world title fight for a world title Like you're scared, but you just keep it you  that straight face. So I'm chilling straight face whatever whatever. Anyway, these two dudes, the two biggest guys, I'm six foot three and a half, these dudes must have about six five. We're in the string vests, re-ing like me, build. They start talking and they're the ones who are most overtly pointing at me and like checking if you know I'm okay to be a target. I can't say for a hundred percent certain because it was about ten meters out in the dark, but I will say with 99 percent certainty there was a pistol in his belt. I analyzed him for head to toe and I just looked in his belt and I saw there's a fucking, there's a pistol. If someone would say would you bet your life on it and say yeah there's a pistol? So I knew this is an unwinnable fight so I was like okay, my plan is this. While I was looking at his belt in the pistol someone started walking down the hill so I said to myself next time someone starts walking down the hill I'm just going to walk with that person and pretend I know that person and if I can convince that one person not to kill me then that lowers my all just to remember to convince everyone.  kill me. I was convinced one guy did not kill me. So next time someone leaves, I'm walking down the hill. These two dudes are about to fucking attack me. Anyway, I'm literally looking at the hill and thinking that's my plan. And I hear, yo, my turn to the side is fucking grim. And he stinks of weed. Stinking of weed out of this fucking mind. He goes to me. You have a fun boy? I was like, no, I said it's all right. I didn't say no. I thought it's all right, man. I need to get back about people waiting for me. So I said, you know, the typical basic tricks. You know, he goes, you want to taxi home? I was like, yeah, he goes a thousand dollar. He's got a thousand what Jamaican. Remember, I paid this guy ten Jamaican dollars. That's one of the three bucks to get this far. He goes, no, a thousand American dollar. I leave you here with my voice. So it's all a big set up from the beginning. I said, my friend, I've got about $700 on me. I spent the rest on your fucking sheathass. He goes, I'll tell you what, I take your home for $700. I wait out  You bring me to other 300 or you never make a dolphin make up I said you know what deal we get back in the car it wasn't even animal city we get back in the car It was like man understand the reality of the world. I can't be mad at grim grim those with grim does I Walked into it. I get back in the car. He goes to me now He goes to party dogs finish for me boys. I was putting music on He's my friend again everything's fine. Give back to the hotel and I thought okay. I like the hotel now I cannot pay him I can fucking call the police. I can be a little bitch like most white boys who do this Well white boy would do me and racist now. It's true little bitch ass tourists little fucking little pussy Who will run away from the car grim tried to rob me? You know what I have honor grim? He pulled a scam and it worked and He did save me from basement get my brains blown out. So I thought you know a grim here 700 Is it do you want the other 300 I'll go get it if you want it and grim  to me and goes, don't worry about it, boy, that's enough. Have a good time in Jamaica. It's like, thank you. Well, at the end of the story is this. I had one of the guys who cleaned my room. And every time he cleaned my room, because I was in an all-inclusive, I'm in an alcohol. I'd give him all the alcohol for my room, because they'd refill it for free. So I'd say, take all the beer, take all the vodka, yours, I don't care. Because they refill it. And what surprised me, he goes, no one's ever done this to me before. I didn't work here 10 years. It's like, it's free. Why the fuck would I care? Because people are stingy and stupid. Whereas I'm not. So this guy, I told him my story, who goes, you are the luckiest man in Jamaica. He goes, you don't know, they kill tourists, because if they get caught, robbing a tourist, they do the same time as murder. They always kill tourists. They would have definitely bury you in the ground. No one find you for years. They never let you go and give police support to the luckiest man in the world. I never am going to Jamaica ever again. We were in Macedonia, right? To check this. So we're in Macedonia. This is huge fight tournament in the amphitheater. I won both fights by KL. So this is the whole...  town comes to these huge fight events and as posters of me and all the other twenty-fifth of his return all over the town before the internet, before the surveillance, before the... so we're like the tough guys who appeared right all over this town and tell me more to me because O'Rid, Macedonia is kind of like old Greek and then these little alleyways and shit and the second fight finish we'd all want but hadn't paid yet and I had no money so me and another guy won't say the name because it's world famous we're expanding an alleyway drinking booze, drinking booze and talking to girls in an alleyway and a cop came to us and said you should leave and we're like why? because you cannot drink on the street I'm like okay whatever bro I just kept drinking and he walked off and then he came back with like 50 cops so he must have realized we were from the poster it was like I'm shit so when he came back with like the fucking squad who gums the shirt went hard right? calm down so he went in this club anyway most of it so we're drinking we know in this club and Macedonia wants to name the club where they are  girls were doing fun we're famous world posters we're the fighters from the other countries but all these girls better I don't know exactly how happened but some dude came over and started started on my friend and my friend Being the legend that he is for anyone who's watching this if you're American you Americans like their gun land But England is different right and before the stab land was punch So England's very different so stand up. Let me show you England. I've done a punch man Let me show you how England works. It's England's very different. It's like oh Sorry, sorry Get far so this guy bumps into my friend I saw the bump and half a second later my friend had hit him Grand and threw him over like a Regulium in the club about this hot and the guy went flying will call this man K-Fed He knows what that means and no one else knows who K-Fed is So the guy was flying anyway, we had all these girls I was like we don't know who he just  No, it's a bit messy. And it goes, all the fighters are here, you're in a new shape. I was like, we're in Maxidon here, let's leave. So we took a bunch of girls back to the hotel and in the night. Next morning, yeah, and in the night. And that's more, yeah, that's what ended. And this morning, I'm there, my friend's really home over. I'm down in breakfast, this is where we go. I'm not a breakfast in my coffee. I'm not a blackberry back then. I'm on my blackberry coffee. These two dudes come and sit down with my table. And I'm like, hello? And they're like, we are here to kill your friend. Oh, my God. I'm not a blackberry. Wish for him. Like the friend you were with last night, we're here to kill your friend. Where is he? And I said, I'll text him. That's what I said. I'll text him. I'll text him on BDM. Bing, bing, bing, bing. He goes, what? It's like two people are in that one of breakfasts. He's killed me. He goes, what? I know.  like no, there's your people here because they want to kill them. Because, okay, let me get dressed. So we get dressed, it walks downstairs and the manager of the whole fight event, the Macedonian, like the mayor of the town was involved in the whole fight event. And the mayor of the town, the guy went up the mayor of the town a few other important Macedonian guys, and they all went to the corner of the breakfast hall, started having this conversation. And they just two dudes stood there with their hands on their gloves and their fucking on their waist. And they spoke about 20 minutes and then shook hands and it was it. I said, so why didn't they kill you? I have to pay $5,000 in your own. It was his cousin. I was like, really good to pay. He goes, yeah, I'm a paid. I was like, how do you know the series? He has another series. I was like, I paid the paid five grand, I thought we got it, but then wow.