 All right looks like we're live. What's going on trip? Cryptmier from trip advice.com. I got a special interview. You know, I haven't done one of these in a while where I interview someone. We do this live here on YouTube, but I got someone all the way. Where are you man? Where are you located right now? I'm in Bucharest, Romania. I'm far away. Far away. You're far away. So it's like 10 30 10 45 where you are right now. Damn. Cool, man. Well, listen, I don't know. If anyone here knows who you are, I know you're kind of, I'd like to say up and coming. I mean, you got 20,000 subscribers at this point on YouTube. So when did you start YouTube channel? Not too long. I think maybe about 10 months ago, my problem was I think I got hyper political a bit too quick and ended up shadow band and getting a bunch of strikes and all sorts of things. So I don't know if I'm ever going to grow or how long I'll be around for. We'll see what. Wait, so your channel got banned? No, I didn't get banned. I got some strikes and then um.  I got banned from Twitter like seven times and I'm a firm believer in the whole shadow banning thing. I've realized sometimes if you speak about the wrong subjects or you say the wrong things, you just never seem to grow at all. Interesting. I don't know. What did you talk about that you think got you in trouble? I mean, I'm not too, too, too, but I'm anti-Western world in some ways. I used to live in London and London's got a bunch of problems now and I commented on some things. Some of my views are seen as extreme, not even politically, even in the male, female, dynamic things I've said or say are seen as extreme. There's certainly extreme enough to get banned from Twitter. I don't know why, but yeah, so I think I'm in the naughty corner. Maybe I'll just, hey, this corner of the internet for a while, we'll see how it goes. Okay, we'll see how it goes. Well, at least we got you an interview here and I hope this channel doesn't get banned. Why do you get you in trouble, Rodor? No, it's all good. Just a little quick test. Anyone out there, just because we're testing some new tech right now.  now, can you hear all of us as anyone? Is it all coming in clear? Is it any massive echoes? So I know one who's watching, give us the the lowdown if you can hear us all. It is the afternoon, so we only have a few people, but I guess we'll hear in a bit. So, all right, so real quick, if people want to find you, what is your YouTube channel? Where can they find you? Yeah, absolutely. So my YouTube channel is TateSpeech, T-A-T-E, which is a play on hate speech. So TateSpeech is where you're going to find me on YouTube, and then my only other reliable platform is Instagram at cobertate. Twitter disappears too often, and I've got cobertate.com. So I've got a few things going on. If you look me up, you'll find me. I'm out here in the dark, dark corners. I'm around. Okay, got it. Got it. All right, looks like everyone can hear us. I'm going to turn you up a little bit. Don't worry about talking loud that talk how you want to talk, and we'll get you all turned up. Okay, cool, man. So why don't you just give us a  introduction to who you are for guys who don't know you. What's your history? How did you get into what you got into? Give us some of that. Okay, so Andrew Tate, I'm a retired boxing world champion, four-time world champion. I ended up in the whole male, female dating space, kind of on accident. I, for four years, I ran a webcam studio, which people find very interesting. I had naked girls sitting on the internet talking to guys, and they all worked for me. So I guess in many ways, I was a digital pimp. So when I joined Twitter and these kind of things after Trump's election, I kind of jumped on Twitter and the internet, and everyone's like, you do what? That's weird. And they're like, well, you must know a thing or two about girls. You've never seen females or male female dynamics approach from this particular angle before. And that's kind of how I ended up here. So you don't have to do that still? I've recently, I have three girls who still work for me, but it's not like it was before. Before I had a very, very large company at some points over 40.  50 girls working for me at a time. So, um, what, what, when you slow it down? I was making a lot of money, but it was a lot of headache, and then I've invested in a few other businesses, I own casinos now in Romania. So, um, the only thing better than titties is gambling. So, it makes me more money. So, I just don't have the time to deal with all the girls again before because it's, it's a full-time job. It's headache and everyone thinks like you're living like Dan Balsarian, but really you're dealing with arguments over makeup, a mover and, and screaming crying girls. So, it's good. Oh, that's interesting. What are some things you think you learned about women from running this campaign? Oh, you got, I learned a whole bunch of things. Well, you better be succinct because we only have about 30 minutes, but hit hit us. A whole bunch of about women and a whole bunch of about men. I learned about a lot of things. I mean, I guess I never really intended on being a, I have a lot of hate on the internet. A lot of guys say that I'm a pimping, I exploit girls, and then some other guys understand it from my angle, and that's, I've never forced anyone to do anything they don't want to do.  and that the girls are sitting on a computer, no one's fucking sitting on a computer, they're getting paid, just like if they were sitting in any other job being paid, they just haven't got the top on. So really, it was a job, you know, I kind of got started where I had two or three beautiful girlfriends from fighting all around the world. I was fighting and I had some beautiful girls and I was kind of thinking in my head, can I open a strip club? Will I make money with a strip club? But at the time, I didn't have money to invest in a strip club. And while I was doing my research, I discovered this whole webcam thing because I didn't know it existed. I thought, ah, pretty girls, computers would make money. And that's kind of how it started, went from there and ended up having a bit of a cam empire. One point I was doing half a million a month profit. So yeah, it got big and that was it really, I never really was. But now worth, but now worth half a million a month, you're saying the headache was too big for half a million a month. The thing is this, you must have hated it. It wasn't gotten really bad. When you're working with women, women are highly unpredictable. So and women are not money motivated. So I got  to a point where the only way you can really get the women to work for you, you have two choices. You either try and convince them into some kind of business arrangement, which doesn't work long term because women are emotional or you get girls who are in love with you and do it because they love you and they want to do what you say and be around you. So you say women aren't money motivated. What is their motive? What would motivate them? Women are absolutely notly motivated by fun and attention. Those two things. If a woman has a lot of attention and a lot of fun in her life, she's uninterested in anything else. So when I say women aren't money motivated, what I mean is they don't want to make their own money. And I know this from experience. If I had a girl who would sit down and make less say a thousand dollars and two hours, I'd sit and think, okay, you can make ten thousand dollars a week. She'd think I only have to work two hours and have the rest of the week off. They have a completely different attitude towards being rich. They want a rich man because they want fun, but they don't want to have their own money or pay for things. They don't care. They just want fun to be facilitated. They're uninterested in the cost of anything. I've done this many times with very many beautiful girls.  I've been on boats and Dubai with supermodels. I've had girls in my Lamborghini. I've done, cause I've bought a bit of money. And I've said to them, how much do you think this cost? They don't even know. They don't even know how much a Lambo cost. They don't know how much a boat cost. They don't know how much the dinner is. They don't know that the table in the club is five grand. They have no concept of money in the way a man has concept of money because it's just provided for them at the top at their top level. They have no idea what money even is. So you're saying, so you're saying that, you know, women who are going after guys with money, they're not really going after the money. You're saying they're going after the fun. Absolutely, they're not going after the cash. They're going after what the money provides. Right. So they're going after a guy who has the ability to take a time off work to go skiing. They're going after a guy who has the ability to fix their problems that they have a problem. They have the, they're going after a guy who has stateness or has high power or some of them makes them feel important standing next to. They don't actually care about what's in the bank or how much you spend. And we've seen this time and time again, you can look up to see a purity aspect. You know that aspect, you know,  women want the security because we're just talking about the fun. So using that don't care about security. No, I don't think so at all because you can look at some very very wealthy men that are getting destroyed in divorce courts. The richest man in the world just got destroyed and you can look at guys who are unable to provide security but they give a girl lots of fun like the gardener who's who's banging the old rich wife. So I think women are just completely notly motivated by their emotions and if you can spike an emotion in them one way or another then you're gonna have you're gonna be able to affect her in a positive way. I think even I've said this time and time again even if a woman hates you you're in a better position than if she's apathetic towards you. Women are generally apathetic towards men. They ignore men. They don't answer their messages. They don't care about anything. If you can get any emotion out of a girl even if it's hate you're gonna be alright. Like I put you girls asleep with who I'm sure hate me. But you know they don't pay more attention to when you can bring out more of a more than intense emotion. Yeah, yeah, it doesn't matter what the emotion is exactly as long as it's not born as long as it's not lack of emotion which is  would be like boring. You can do anything you want to a woman except bore her. And this is absolutely a fact of life. You look at these girls who stay in these abusive relationships. I'm not going to say anything crazy, but it's true. Why did they stay so long? Because I don't buy that. I was forced to stay for 10 years. You were at the grocery store every day. You could have called the police anytime. Why did you stay for 10 years? Well, maybe it's sick, maybe there's something wrong with you and there's something wrong with him. But one way or another, there's some kind of emotional response there that you were enjoying the extreme jealousy or the fact that he was so obsessed with you or there's something about certain toxic relationships even women enjoying. This is the reality of nature, of human nature. And if you can provoke an emotion and a female, no matter what it is, and I'm not saying it's easy to do. But if you can provoke an emotion, you're always going to be better than if she's bored or you provoke no emotion. That's when she's going to absolutely not really disappear. So for a guy who doesn't have money to do fun, crazy, wild things. You don't need money. The idea that you need money is complete. It's a complete fantasy. I'll tell you this now because I.  I got rich relatively quickly. I was completely broke. And then I became a world champion fighter and then I had this canvas. So in the space of four years, I went from earning a couple grand a month to hundreds of thousands a month. So I got rich very fast. And I can tell you that it makes pretty much no difference. In fact, if you make too much money, it can be detrimental because then you have the problem where you're sitting there on dates with girls and they're like, there's no way this guy would ever want to be a boyfriend to me. He just wants to use me. He hasn't lambo. He has this girl. He's here. He's there. So it can be detrimental. You don't need money. You need the ability to provoke emotion. Now, if you have money in the bank, that's a bit easier. It's a bit easier to provoke emotion as you can say, let's go Disneyland tomorrow. But it's not about the money. It's about the spontaneity. It's about the provoking the emotion. This is why girls like funny guys because they make some laugh. It's provoking an emotion out of them. This is all it really is. I mean, cash makes that a bit easier. But I don't think women in the Western world anyway. In Eastern Europe is a bit different. But in the Western world, I don't think women really often in the club when they're about to bang a...  guy give a shit if he's can provide security for their kids. I really don't think it crosses their mind whatsoever. I mean, I don't think maybe not in that case. So what about the long term? What about the, you know, the girls were on dating apps. We're looking for their man who are on the match.coms and all that stuff. We're looking for a relationship. How does that work in that sense? Yeah. I there's this in the red pill Twitter. There's this view of women that they're ultra hypergamous and that, you know, they're they're going to chase the best they can get it, et cetera, et cetera. In my experience, if a woman can see you have ambition and you're genuinely pushing hard, then she'll be fine. Now, what a woman doesn't want is a guy who's in X place and isn't trying to get anywhere else. But when I was a struggling fighter and I couldn't pay the rent, I was banging girls left front and center and they were loving, they were loving me and they were loyal to me because they think I think it's just because they could see I had driving. They knew they saw I was a safe bet and I was going to get somewhere and they respected me. This is the basic dynamic of male females. The woman.  She respects you, she wants to have sex with you. It doesn't matter if a woman likes you, it doesn't matter if a woman, when I said earlier, a woman hates me. I have women who dislike me, but they respect me. And this is the thing, you see all the time in relationships. I'll meet my wife, we love each other, but we have problems in the bedroom. Yeah, because she loves you, but she doesn't respect you. She doesn't want to get fucked by a guy, she doesn't respect. So how can you provoke respect from a woman? Well, money is one way of doing it, because money provokes respect from the world. But they respected me anyway, because I was a dedicated individual who tried very hard. I'm a smart guy, I had ambition, I was in good shape. They already respected me, but women respects you, it's fine. So this is what your number one goal is, if you're saying, how do I get women to like me? Forget like, women don't need to like you, women don't even need to love you. If women respect you, they'll have sex with you. That is the basic underlying. So how do we provoke respect them? How does one do that? Okay, a guy watching right now is like, love it, good advice, now how do I do that? Okay.  So it's exactly pretty much exactly the same. Well, I wonder if it's like a matter of, it's interesting sometimes it's like, is it something you do, or is it actually something you don't do? You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, like if you're very needy with the girl, it's not about necessarily doing something, it's kind of like you don't do a set of things, right? It's like you don't do a set of things and then they can respect you through that. But I'm sure it's a combination of both. It's a combination, yeah. So for the don't do, what you can't do is devour yourself or your attention in any way. What happens now in the modern world, and I can tell you a million stories from web cam about this, but this is the basic dynamic, is that men's attention no longer has value. In the 1950s and 60s of a girl got the attention of a good looking guy, it meant something. Because how many times can she get the attention of a good looking guy, she walks down the street, whatever. In the world of Instagram and Facebook and social media, a girl's getting blown up. So what does your attention have? Your attention has no value. So the way you give it value is one becoming a higher value man.  But another way you have to make sure your attention has values you don't throw away This is why I see all the time I get message after message from guy in the friend zone I'm like what the friend zone is basically I'm giving away all my attention without getting any sex in return Because this is the basic dynamic the basic dynamic is men give attention to get sex and women give sex to continue to get your attention This is the basic this is how it should be the women sleep with me otherwise I won't talk to them anymore and I talk to the women so they'll sleep with me This is a very basic if you break it down So if you're throwing all your attention way when I'll get in sex in return what value does your attention have? Zero and this is how you end up because it suffers from inflation like anything else And this is how you end up with guys who are buying presents taking girls on holiday doing everything for them But their attention is so low value that it means less than one text from me after three months Yeah, I just I just worked with a client. We got off a phone call today and And he was in the friend zone and he was he was very young right so he didn't understand so he's like yeah I bought her these boots that she really  liked and then I did this for her and it's like he's doing exactly what you're saying right he's just trying to buy this attention from her and it never worked it didn't work so you can't do that and the other way is how you make women respect you by by being a person who's worthy of respect the same way you make a man respect you I mean I really think that society of society respects you females will respect you by by an extension and there's lots of ways you can do that obviously having money helps with that having a good job helps with that having a nice apartment nice car obviously helps with that being in good shape helps with that being smart being witty all these things help but this is the reality of life as a man is that you have to build your value the people say to me all the time oh yeah take you get girls I said I got girls because I became a kickboxing world champion that's thousands of hours in the gym I think I was born with some magic I'm not wrong Jeremy I wasn't born with some tool you know it's like I had to do it myself so you have to build it  as a man. This is just the unfortunate reality. If you're not prepared to do any work at all, you're going to suffer. And that's just a reality of life as a man have to build it. Yeah, it's interesting because I feel like a lot of guys kind of go on YouTube, they'll go on blogs, internet, wherever. It's a kind of figure out like what's the thing to say? How do you get a girl? When really it's asking kind of the questions that give you more superficial information that's not going to really do much and you're talking about, we'll become a valuable man. So now that's about building more of a foundation of being an actual attractive person instead of trying to copy and paste things. You know who Roush is? Yes. Okay, Roush, so I don't like Roush. And the reason I'm not like Roush is this, he spent his whole life chasing pussy around the world. He never worked on himself or became a high value guy. He spent X amount of years chasing women and wrote books like he knows what he's talking about. He's now lonely and old. If he got sick, he'd lay in bed on his own without a nurse, without a wife, without children. He's achieved.  He's even failed at women. He has no wife, he has nothing of genuine substance. And that's because he's not a man of genuine substance. So even if he managed to say the right things and sleep with a girl, as soon as she realized he was vapious, she disappeared. So there's no, you can't hack. You can't hack having a personality. You can't trick a girl into thinking you're something or not. If you want a woman to really respect you, then be a man worthy of respect. It's really that simple. And on top of that, one of the easiest ways to be a man worthy of respect is to refuse to take disrespect. I see so many guys who let women just respect them all day long. Like what do you see women doing to men where the guy just takes it? Give us examples there. All the, I think, well, I think we all agree women's shit test men. And you have to be able to handle that and deal with it in a very conservative way. Obviously you can't flip out and be crazy. But I've been on dates with girls where they've just pushed it too far. I've been sitting there and they're like, oh, you know, guys like you think this and blah, blah. Just insulting me basically after about five.  I was extremely glad I said, look, I'm sorry, you're an independent woman, so you can pay for your food. I'm interested in speaking to you any longer. I'm leaving. And when I left, I've never had a girl chase me so hard, because it's just a man who told her to fuck you. Disrespect me. I'm not taking you on me, you'll be disrespected. And guys take this crap from girls all the time. I see it all the time. Girls making fun of them or girls on a date or a girl talking to other guys. Well, she has a boyfriend. I mean, I know the modern world says that's cool. To me, that's absolute disrespect. You're with me and you love me and you want to text this dude all day. And I'm going to sit here and let you. She's testing your caliber as a man. You either stand up and say, get out my house and I never want to see you again. I've stopped texting that guy. And if you don't stand up as a man, it's only a matter of time until she sucks some other dick anyway. I mean, this is the harsh reality of the world. I've been in this game too long. I've seen it. I've seen it over and over and over again. Do you have any other example of disrespect? I think a whole bunch of things women do by standard nowadays are disrespect. My view, and this is why I'm seeing.  is an extremist is that my view, the only happy relationship that can possibly exist is with a man leading in a man in charge. Any other relationship is always misery. If someone breaks, I'll ask you a question. If you're laying in bed with your girlfriend and someone breaks in the house, who has to go downstairs and risk their life to defend the other? We do. So if I asked you for a cup of coffee at dinner and you want to complain, to me, I'm like, so I have to risk my life if someone breaks in here. Someone just to rape you on the street. I'm the one who's going to die protecting your honor, but you have a problem making a cup of coffee. Like, my view on, if I said, you think it's a double standard. Yeah, it's absolutely a double standard. And if I said to my girlfriend, you make me a cup of coffee and she said, no, I just find it extremely disrespectful. I'd say, okay, well, you're not going to make me a cup of coffee. I don't see the point in this relationship because authority, this is the thing. Responsibility and authority are linked. And this link has been broken. If you're responsible for someone or something, you have a authority over someone or something. If you're responsible for less...  take a child. You're responsible for that child's safety. You have the authority to tell that child not to put his finger in the plug socket. How can you be responsible for something? If you don't have authority over it, Captain of a ship has a responsibility for that ship. So he has authority over everything on the ship because of the ship's things. It's his fault. So if I have responsibility over a woman, I have to make sure she's taken care of her physical meat and needs are met. If she has financial needs, they're met. I'm a man emotionally. I'm her rock if she gets upset. I'm responsible. Now, by the tone of voice, I'm not sure if you're saying you're okay with that or you're complaining about that. Well, no, I have no, I have no problem being responsible. My problem is if I'm responsible without the authority, I deserve. So if a captain is responsible for the ship, but all the shipmates told him to fuck off and didn't listen to him, why would he want to be captain? How can he possibly do his job? If I'm responsible for the girl and the relationship that I deserve the authority that comes with it, I'll make sure you're fine. I'll take care of you. I'll make sure you have the nice shoes if you want nice shoes. I'll give you a nice birthday presents. I'll keep you safe. I'll...  protect you, but if I want a cup of coffee, I expect you to make me a cup of coffee. Because with the responsibility comes a theory. If you're in a relationship where you have all the responsibility, but no authority at all, then you're screwed. Then what's the point? What are you adopting it for? What are you adopting the responsibility for? And this is what a lot of women try and get out of their men. They want their man to be responsible for them and all their problems, but they don't want to listen to anything. That's an unfair exchange. I'm not going to be responsible for anything without a theory. A girl won't listen to me. I don't consider myself responsible for her. And therefore, she can piss off and go be a hoe. If you're a non-responsible for you, then you're going to listen to me. Responsibility and authority are absolutely linked. And that link has been broken. And that's why a lot of men are in relationships. They don't understand. I have a guy after a guy message me saying, I don't know what to do. My girlfriend's talking to this guy. He's her friend since school. I'm like, bro, you better try to get out the house or stop talking to that guy. He's a call, but she'll, she might leave. Because she chooses to text another guy over a limb with you. How long is it till she fucks it?  Like this, you want to start countdown timer? Like it's really simple to me and maybe because I'm so black and white with it, people think my advice won't work, but I say, look, maybe she walks out the door and you just saved yourself a whole bunch of time because it was sooner or later that's all she was going to do anyway. If you have no authority over a woman, then the whole thing's fucked. And that's my very basic view. And like I said, I've been doing this a long time, same thing with the Cam girls. As soon as they wouldn't listen to me about something, then they had to go because I don't think a relationship can work any other way without a clear leader, name something in life that's 50-50. Anything, name a corporation where everyone has the exact same stake, name the military, name something that functions and works 50-50. Nothing, there's always a chain of command. And if the woman's in charge, she's going to resent you. So that by default means it has to be the man. So you have to make her respect you and take charge of the relationship and keep things under control. That's my view of it anyway. Now you're in Eastern Europe, right? Yep. Okay.  Would you say that a lot of your experiences come from Eastern Europe or is this from the Western world? I think this is Western world. So, girls in Eastern Europe and girls in Western Europe are a little bit different. Yeah, can you explain the differences in personality between both? Okay, yeah. So, there's this idea that if you go to Eastern Europe, it's this haven of beautiful girls and they're all so nice and submissive. Let me make it very clear that's complete bullshit. That's not true. Maybe it was true back when they needed visas or whatever, but in the modern world, that's zero percent true. Firstly, Eastern Europe is really not that poor. I live in Romania. There's a Lambo garage two miles from my house. You go to the club. This is full of people popping 20 grand in champagne. There's plenty of money here. So, girls can find money. Girls don't need visas. They can travel freely. And also, Instagram has changed a game. The idea of some village girl who's a 10 who doesn't realize she's a 10. That's long gone. I've met girls from villages here with like 400 people who are sitting on 100,000 Instagram likes. So, they know they're about. So, that whole perception can disappear.  The difference between Western and Eastern European women is this, Western women are easier to sleep with. The idea that Eastern European girls are going to bang you because you're an American with 20 bucks is a complete lie. Western women are far easier to sleep with. Eastern European women are harder to sleep with. But Eastern European women in general are more loyal, so they're harder nuts to crack, but if you get them, they're more likely to stay with you and be a girlfriend material. Whereas Western women, you can bang after a bar crawl, but she ain't worth shit. So this is a very generalized view, but in general, if you want, I say this all the time, people say to me, because I've been to 72 countries, they say, where is the easiest place to get laid? I say Northern England. Go to Manchester or Newcastle in Northern England, you'd have to try very hard to not fuck something. Why is that? Because they just have no values and they drink too much. And they just get obliterated drunk and they have very little standards for themselves. They're just, they bought into the whole feminist Western lie and they're completely prepared  to bang a bunch of dudes because they think it's normal. Whereas in Eastern Europe, women don't want to be seen that way. I mean, if a woman here decides she wants to be a hoe, she's going to go be a professional hoe. She ain't going to be a hoe in the club for free. She's going to be in a strip club somewhere and you're going to pay a lot of money. And if an Eastern European girl is smart enough to go, well, if I'm going to be a slut, there's some money in this game, I'm going to do it for free. And you live in Eastern Europe now and you have no plans in between back to America. Zero, I would never live in America ever again. So you're done. Done. I didn't move here for four girls. I moved here for other reasons. But I would never live in the Western world ever again. I think the Western world isn't decline. And I think it's the end of an empire and a smart just stay out here. That's what I believe. Interesting. Interesting. Let's talk about game for a second. How do you think game has changed in the past five, seven years? I think Instagram is the number one thing that nobody talks about in the dating space and how it's completely changed.  everything. It's globalized to sexual dating market. If you were a beautiful girl from Moldova 10 years ago, you were trying to get the most desired guy in your town in Moldova. If you're a beautiful girl from Moldova now, you're on a yacht in Dubai because some shake has inboxed you because you have a quarter of a million followers. The whole the whole sexual marketplace has been globalized to the point where anyone who's genuinely a nine or a 10, you can look at these girls and you look and you see that their travel schedule, you're talking about a million dollars a year, the places these girls are going. They got a job and it's easy for everyone to go, oh, they're prostitutes. You know what? In my experience, and I have extensive experience with many of these girls, they're not prostitutes. They just get fucking irresistible offers. Hey, do you want to come to buy? No, I don't want to be left to do this creepy. Okay, bring five year friends. Here's a hotel room. Here's a return flight. So you know you can get home with a here's a rental car. We'll meet for dinner in one of the days. Maybe we'll get along. Maybe we won't. These shakes will blow 30 grand and and fly her on all her friends out.  to see, and then they'll have one date and then they don't get along and they don't care. The money being thrown around at these chicks, it doesn't matter to them. So these girls at that kind of level, I mean, I was in, like I said, I live in Romania, next door is Moldova, it's the poorest country in Europe. I know girls there who are traveling the entire world. Instagram has changed the game and it's changed it to a point where the idea of some 10 who's like humble and doesn't really know her own value and just wants a nice man. That is long gone. These girls know what they're doing. You say because they can get the attention on Instagram? Yeah, because they get unlimited attention on Instagram. So I'll tell you my girls Instagram right now, you can go to Cobra MFC at Cobra MFC. She has 65,000 followers. Her Instagram is on my phone. She gets a message every three to four minutes, all day, every day. From verified Instagrams and FL stars and B.A. players, singers in Mexico, no one's ever heard of.  But like it's it's it's non-stop now choose with me because she loves me But my point is this if you're a single girl nowadays your choice It's the same as anything bro if you go into the and go into the supermarket and I give you a hundred flavors of yogurt to choose between You're gonna be picky Like I get to have one of these hundred hmm. What's this one? What's that one? What's this? It's just how it goes? Instagram has made the whole game Well, what about for the women who are not an Instagram the ones that are still a trifle of not an Instagram Does that exist? I don't know. I'm not sure Well, I mean, it's a good question. I'm not a lot of pretty girls and the real pretty ones Have I ever met one who's not got Instagram? I maybe one Maybe one maybe two and I was recruiting for a webcam company, but I was talking to I was talking to 34 years a week Like every every chicks on there because it's fun for them. They just get blown up all day long. It's validation It's instant  validation for these women. So, I mean, if you're an average with a girl, maybe not, but if you're a 10, you're on Instagram. You're, why would you not be? I mean, you can change your entire life. Like, it's the, why would you not be on Instagram? So, I mean, the Instagram's changed the game. So, from a game perspective, it's become a lot harder. And in many ways, Instagram can be your best. Harder, harder, how? Because I have a, I think that the idea that you're gonna walk through life and stumble on a beautiful girl has, has disappeared. So, I see this all the time on Twitter. I see all these game guys saying, day game guys, I met up a nine at the mall, and I daygamed her, blah, blah, blah. Let me tell you a fact of life. You're not meeting a nine at the mall in Milwaukee, bro. It's the nine is on a helicopter. And the nine's in a helicopter in Singapore. The nine's on a boat and the buy. The nine's with the Miami Dolphins players in Lamborghini. The nine's got swooped up long ago by the glow.  marketplace. Like you may think she's a nine, but she's a five or a six. You just don't understand the genuine scale of a females. Beautiful females are not as accessible as they were. So they're a little bit more. So what's a guy to do? Well, this is it. Beautiful females aren't going to the normal dive bar and just waiting for a dude to talk to him. Like why would they? They can just, if they want a date any day of the week, they load up their Instagram profile. They see who's messaged them with a blue tick or who's messaged with a bunch of followers or who messaged them with a profile looks interesting and then get their date or even if they don't want a date, even if it is one of even they're just a bit sad and want some validation. They can supply a few dudes. It's changed everything. So I teach my guys all the time. Look, your Instagram profile is probably the easiest way to get laid today. Instagram's ultimate dating tool. Even if you haven't got an interesting life, if you take cool pictures and you take a lot in a few different places, make it look like you travel, you know, even if you cheat and buy followers who gives a shit, make yourself look like an interesting person, you'll talk to more girls to Instagram DMs and you ever will in a career day game. So you're saying.  And if you have a cool looking Instagram, and you just do enough DMs, it should work. I mean, but what about your girlfriend you're saying who gets messaged every three minutes, how are you supposed to, even if you have a cool Instagram, there's a ton of guys who have cool Instagrams. How would you break through that? Well, this is the thing, women live on Instagram. If you've ever seen a girl on holiday, all she does is take a thousand photos for her Instagram and sit there and scroll up and down. They read everything. They may not reply, but they read it. So, I'm not saying that obviously you don't have day game. I'm obviously saying you can't meet girls other places. Obviously you need to have good game because if you meet them in person, you need to be interesting, funny. All those things need to happen. I'm just saying people ask me at the time, like, oh, take, what's the remaining like for day game? I was like, there's no day game here. Like the beautiful girls in Booker S are with mob bosses and exclusive clubs are not gonna get in. Like, you're not walking the streets and running into a tent anywhere in the world nowadays. I really don't think it happens like that anymore. I think, and I think Instagram is what killed it. The reason I'm mentioning.  Instagram is, it's accelerated the process of women just, you know, disappearing. They only, they go to the airport, they go where they want to go. And, and, and the idea that they're, they're on a table somewhere, you know, you go into the clubs and Dubai. I was, I was just recently in white. I spent $10,000 on that table. And, and, and the people next to me spent $10,000, be on the next to me spend $10,000. And the girls on my table, no one else could really get to. And I couldn't get to theirs. It's all sectioned off. And it's just how the way the game's kind of changing. It's just the way the world is. And women are a valuable commodity. Buie, this is the thing. Buie is a commodity. They, it's not fair that it's always been a commodity. But it's always been a commodity. So, I see this all the time from like red pill guys. They'll say like, oh, you know, a billionaires dating some 19 year old bimbo. I said, well, I'll tell you what, that 19 year old bimbo is just as valuable as that billionaire. It may not be fair. She may have got it easy. And we're not not like to admit it. But she got the genetic gifts that make her just as valuable as me.  Mr. Rich guy and this is the reality of the world. So beauty is absolutely commodity. And for every commodity, there has to be an exchange. What can you offer in exchange? I mean, I have a on corporate take.com, I have a course and I teach everything I know about girls and start to finish everything I know about game. I know it will help, but if you're a low value man, it can only help. We're not banging Claudia Schiffer. We're fucking whoever. Is this your PhD program? PhD program, that's right. And that's that. You want to talk a little bit about that? So yeah, on corporate take.com, I have my PhD program and that is PhD is a Pimpton Hose degree. That I'm clever. Clever. Clever. That teaches basically how I got girls, how I met girls, how I got girls to like me, how I got girls to fall and love with me to work on webcam for me. Because that's what I did. That was my, my MO was fine girls, make them love me and make them work for me. And that's how I got rich. So that teaches everything I know from start to finish about not only getting girls, not only obtaining them, but retaining them. Because that's a completely different game as well.  So I do everything I know in them. But even since I started my cam company four or five years ago, the game's changed man with this Instagram thing. It's really crazy. It's crazy how much that's changed the day in marketplace. You consider yourself a P way? No, no, because I was, no, because my primary self-focus as a person has always been absolutely selfish. I was a fighter and I wanted to be the best fighter. I wanted to be rich. I wanted to be smart. I wanted everything for me. Girls came because of that. Yeah, and I've always had girls and I am very good with girls. But I never thought of myself as a guy who gets, that was my MO. Like there's never what it was about. I always had a bigger goal or objective. And I just, I'd sound like in the way you're saying it, I kind of like this is like you're saying a P way might be considered someone who's trying really hard. Well, P way, I have a problem with P ways. Am I P? What's your problem? My problem with P ways is this.  They always say, I don't know about on, I only know my experience with the Twitter world, but in Twitter, all the PAPA is saying, I am the prize. I don't know, that's something I said a lot. Well, if you are the prize, why are you the one who's walking around the mall going up to every girl you see? You're the prize. Why is nothing coming to you? Why are you dedicating your life and time chasing around girls half of them reject you? I thought you were a prize. Well, that's a good, that leads to an interesting question. How do you get women to come to you? You can't just sit in your house and be valuable. Can't just sit there and be like, I hope they knock on the door, I'm valuable. Right, so how would you be able to put yourself an opportunities to meet them? What would you suggest? No, I absolutely agree. And that's why, as a man, I've always said this all the time. I say, if you were living a life of purpose and you're getting your stuff done, you're gonna see beautiful girls on, I wouldn't say accident. You're gonna run into girls. You could see a girl in Starbucks. We'll see a girl fucking, I don't know, we're Donald, whatever. And if you've got enough games, you can go say,  Hello, absolutely yes. But I think that's completely different than dedicating, you know, blocking off a week of your life to walk around in circles. I think that's a different thing. Out. Now, cause I'll approach any beautiful girl I see. Well, what about the guys, what about, so what about guys who want to practice? Who are really shy, right? The guys who are really shy. Yeah, they could be doing valuable things or becoming a more valuable guy. But I don't know if that's gonna translate to them being able to go up and start a conversation. So how do you feel about the idea of practice or doing a lot of approaches and cold approaches to get the practice down? I mean, I guess every point is nuanced. Practice is a good thing. And absolutely, if a guy wants to take a couple days out of his life to do day game, it's not gonna hurt in a while. My point is that if you end up like Rooch, where it's your only sole focus in life. Got it. You're end up a loser, because he's never dedicated himself to anything else. Yeah. What, I mean, what has Rooch succeeded at? He's failed financially. He's failed from a family perspective. He's failed even with women. He doesn't even...  another woman at the end of it. Because my goal, although I've had a lot of girls, my understanding is very simple. The end goal, everyone wants a girl who's fiercely loyal to them. I mean, fucking girls is fun. But if I go to jail, I want a girl who's waiting for me. If I get sick, I want a girl who comes and nurses me in bed. If I want kids, I want a girl who's gonna be proud of her husband and proud of the children she's raising. I mean, banging a hose is fine, but there comes a point where you're gonna want something more than that. So if you're gonna truly succeed with women, you need to be okay, sleep with a lot of them. But you also need to get that deeper connection with women. Where it gets to the point where you can say, you know what, babe, I'm going to jail six years to lock them up and she'll visit every week. That's what every man truly really wants. I'd like to think at least. Loyalty is what you're saying. Yeah, loyalty, because if a woman's not loyalty to you, what other value does she have? What value is a non-loyal woman? And this is a genuine question. You're fucking some girls, you're fucking someone else. Like, what value is she sex? Is that it? Like, are you so desperate that you have to bang your sunglasses?  everyone else bangs, without loyalty, and women's worth absolutely nothing. Whereas me, I'm not loyal to my girlfriend, she knows I fuck other girls, and she's still loyal to me, because I provide value beyond that. I don't have to give sexual exclusivity to be a valuable man. I'm valuable no matter who I bang. A woman needs to give loyalty, or she has no value at all. So that's my number one goal from a woman. All I want is loyalty. I'm not interested in nearly anything else. I don't care how pretty you are, how much you cook, clean, how nice you are. If you're not gonna be loyal to me when times get tough, then you ain't worth shit. And this is the reality of the world now. As a man, I say this all the time. The only reason I slept with so many girls is to find a good girl. I never wanted to be a pickup artist who wanted to sleep with lots of girls. I was never a particularly freaky dude who thought I was gonna sleep with a thousand girls. I didn't care. My view is very simple. If I told you to find the best apple you could, you need to go bite a lot of apples. If you bite three apples, what's your odds of getting a fantastic apple? As opposed to the guys bought it out of bought it out.  So I say this all the time to guys they say oh I just want to be happily married I said you want to be happy marriage better become a player first You better tear through some chicks you better learn how to deal shit tests you better get over some you better go through so many breakups My friend I've been through so many breakups. They don't even cross my I can break up with you I can break up with a chick. I forget 10 seconds Like you go through so much shit that you become so anti-immune to it that you're an expert in the game And then you're gonna have a girl who's a solid nine or a ten who will ignore all the famous people who will be loyal to you Even though you're not physically loyal to her who will obey you who will cook who will clean who will do as you say who will let you Lead like but you're never gonna get there unless you tear through a whole bunch of girls This is the reality that we live in now. So my whole idea the whole benefit of being a player is to be excellent at the next stage That's kind of how I see it and I don't think a lot of players see it that way because eventually you're gonna want family and kids I mean, maybe you won't buy you. I mean, I want to pass on my jeans and what songs  people like me. So the whole point of being a player is just to level up so that when it gets to the marriage shit, I know for a fat friend and you can call me naive. If I go J.O. my girl, I ain't leaving. I know why Mary here she won't divorce me. I'm never gonna get divorced right. She's never gonna leave me. Like I know because I know this game and I know how I know that when you have a woman's soul completely locked, that's it. It's done. But it's getting there and that takes experience and this is the reality of it. You're not gonna be able to work that out after one or two shakes. It's gonna take a whole bunch of years. It takes a while. It takes a while. I called it. I called it being in an abundance, having the abundant mindset. You can only really get the abundant mindset through actual abundance and going through and getting lots of women. Yeah, how else are you gonna have it? How are you gonna have the? It's tough. It's it's tough. It's not like when you're starving. Yeah, that's right. That's right. It's the only way to really do it. And this is awesome, dude. Thanks for being here and I really I like a lot of the stuff you said today.  It was just a really interesting interview to hear your viewpoints. Obviously, you have a very different perspective because you live somewhere different and you've had a lot of experiences. This is really cool. Will you do my favorite? Tell the guys who are watching who are interested of learning more and want to learn from you where they can find your stuff? Yeah, absolutely. If you go to cobertate.com, there's a lot of different things on there. I teach about how to make money. I teach about everything from networking, body language, everything you can think of. My PhD course on there as well. She teaches a lot about girls. It's basically 10 hours of me explaining everything I know from start to finish from my career as a webcam pimp. I guess so I learn a lot. PhD. PhD. That's right. Nice man. Thanks so much. Thanks for doing this. Thanks for being here. Guys, check them out. Andrew, maybe we'll have you back. I don't do many double interviews, but this was some good stuff. So maybe we'll have you back. Thank you, bro. Thanks.