 Andrew Tate, we've been in three years in the making and we're finally here. Why enemies truly believe in their horror I am the bad guy? It's the same with Trump. Trump can come along, secure their border, reduce the drugs, make them richer, fix their country, and the school haider. Every time I've made a billions and millions of dollars, the next day I prepare for something bad to happen. I'm competing against the world which is trying to convince young men that if they chop the dicks off, they become a girl. I've got to be honest I was expecting to walk into the house and there'd be stripper poles and you know 13 latinas in the lounge and when I walked in you at you a sat there shirt off laptop on with Tristan working away working away working away. My life is just work but that's boring right? I don't think my mom has any problem with anything I say. She may have said a few times Andrew you're really making on mad and I'll say good.  Every man knows it, every man sees it. No man will say it. What are these scared of? Is this something you're facing every single day? Yeah. There's a cost for everything. Why do you want so much life admin of all these women and all these wives and all these children? But look at Elon, he's done far more amazing things. He's 11 children for four women. He's the best I'll play on the planet. He owns two areas, go to space, he owns Tesla. He's now working for the government. It's amazing how much you can get done if you're genuinely dedicated to purely working. But Elon stopped it for an Andrias. No, I haven't. Men build the cities, men build the roads, men build, women give us the children. Well, birth rates are collapsing and we've built more than we've ever built. Me and you both know that feminism wasn't created by women it's taught to women. How many wives... If you're dead have though. Say again. How many wives is your dead have? The man will sit there go, I love my chick, I'm loyal. If you go into a store that sells bananas and that's all it sells and you buy a banana. You can't say you like bananas. There's no options. You two in the sell together eventually? Yeah.  At the first we weren't, but then... F***ing... There's a few stories about female prison gods I've had that Mayo should be told on this podcast. I mean, I can say some really controversial things, in fact I'll say it. Let's go. Adria Tate, in the three years in the making and we're finally here. Yeah, I think we were talking back in Dubai before my adventure through the Romanian legal system. We were talking about perhaps doing something back then, but I got caught up with a small issue. You've been on your own path, something which we couldn't see coming. Well, I would say I've been on decots path, I've been on the judicial systems path, but you know it's been enjoyable. It's been interesting. I wanted to start with a question that I think will allow you to clarify and articulate exactly what's going on in your life and world right now. Because you've been called the savior of young men and the dangers of society. Do you see the truth in both perspectives? Absolutely.  Absolutely. There's always truth in both perspectives. How can you be the savior of young men without also being in danger to society, especially a society with just demonizing young men? If the society is deliberately trying to demonize masculinity and damage young men and destroy the masculine spirit of resistance, then you are their savior and a threat to society at the same time. I understand why my enemies call me a threat. I understand why they don't like what I say. I understand why they want me to disappear, but it doesn't mean I'm not helping the people who I'm trying to help. So in fact, I would say that it'd be impossible for the first statement that I'm the savior and I'm meant to be true without being deemed a threat. So there's no light without dark, equal and opposite forces is extremely important, which is actually why I believe I'm so monumentally well known. My haters don't realize that without the opposite pushback, without the opposing force to the things I say, I wouldn't be nearly as viral anyway. The fact that every single thing I post, half the people agree, half the people hate me, the comment sections.  go wild, the algorithm picks it up. They do me a favor of these people trying to get rid of me. And they're threatened by me and they're threatened by my ideas and I understand why because my ideas are based into in the reality of brutal competence. I believe that life is a meritocracy and those who deserve to win are going to win and those who try harder going to win and that the universe gives everybody what they deserve. And if you have everything you've ever wanted, you deserve it. And if you don't have what you want, you don't deserve it. So the liberals and the people who ate me who sit around on Xanaxe and Xanaxe were sad and they're depressed and they're overweight. They look at the world in a completely different way. To adopt my mindset would be destructive to that because then they have to admit that they are the reason they failed. Instead they rather pretend someone else is the reason they fail or something else. Systematic racism or capitalism. So they don't like to adopt my worldview. So for that reason they see me as a...  Because if my world view is adopted, then people like them will be seen as what they are, which is losers. And losers don't want to be recognized as losers globally. So I completely understand it. Both of those statements are absolutely true. HGC is your enemy right now. Well, I think we all have enemies. You know, you can look at it from the perspective of people who make rap songs after living in the ghettos, saying that if you don't have haters, you don't matter, or you can look at the highest level politicians on the planet. If you don't have people tried to take you down, you're not, you don't matter as a person. If you don't have a criminal case in a country like Romania after being globally famous, you're nobody. I mean, this is Romania. I'm one of the same steep in the world. Of course, I call it case. It's just one of those countries. It's how the world works in most places. You'd catch a case in America. Trump did. Matt Gates did all these people who were high level in the Trump Admin or catching cases for saying a fraction of the things I've said. I'm running a country now, which can be bought. So of course, I call the case. So it's just a way.  it is. I don't think you're going to be able to go through like and do anything significant without having a huge portion, a huge considerable contingent of the population, desperate to try and induce your downfall. And I'm happy for that. I know it's kind of cliche to say that my haters are a symbol of success. But when I see people making accounts dedicated to trying to damage my influence and damage my happiness or my contentment, I am flattered. I'm genuinely flattered by that. That's how I know I'm doing well. So you need the equal and opposite forces. There wouldn't be fan accounts if there wasn't hate or accounts. I really am. Truthfully, a light and dark guy. I always have been. I've never looked at the light in my life and expected it to exist outside of the dark. Every time I've made millions and millions of dollars, the next day I prepare for something bad to happen. That's just how my mind works. I'd make all that money and I'd sit there and I'd be stressed. And the chick would say, what are you stressed? You just got paid 34 million dollars. Why are you stressed? I say no, because this is when the  bad thing comes. Now I'm worried, I'm now I'm preparing for the bad thing. There's no such thing as a free $30 million. There's no such thing as free being the most bad as man in the world. These things have a cost, these things have a price and it has to be paid. I thought, the honest, I was expecting to walk into the house and there be stripper poles and, you know, 13 Latinas in the lounge and when I walked in, you were sat there, shirt off, laptop on, we've Tristan working away, working away, working away. It's like, I think the perception that people have, potentially on the outside and what's actually going on in your day to day life, isn't in polarity. Oh, absolutely, because my life is just work, but that's boring, right? But that's the truth about it. I'm on my laptop all day every day. I have, it's 18 hours a day of screen time. I'm either training or I'm working. Do I know some women? Yes, of course. Do I have some fancy cars to drive? Yes. Can I go to the old restaurant? Yes. But the majority of the time all I do is work because that's why I enjoy.  to do. I don't think most things outside of work are as entertaining as to work itself. That's why I'm successful. Yeah, I do have women who I know and yeah, I can have that crazy lifestyle and I did it for a while. But I wouldn't even say it's empty. You know, people get successful and they start to say, oh, I'm above that. It's empty. It's empty. It's vapious. That's true. I just don't think it says fun as working. I think just winning is fun. I think the whole point of life is a man's competition in the first place. You need to work to win. You can show off the women and cars and money and traveling and private jets and lifestyle or an easy way to peacock and show off your success. They are the, they are the, there's a word I'm looking for. I never lose my words. I'm still where I'm looking for. I can't find it very unusual, but they are a result of success. So what you do is when you make a whole bunch of money, you can't just show your bank balance all the time, right?  So instead you show the lifestyle. That's what you do. You show a lifestyle and say look, look how successful I've been. Here's how fantastically I've done in my business. So here's the lifestyle to reflect it. But once you get to a certain point where you're known internationally for that lifestyle and you're known globally for making the money, you don't need to show off anymore. You know, so it's like, okay, well I'll just rather just make the money. It is kind of fun. I'm not gonna lie. I'm not saying I'll never do it. I'm not saying I'm above it. I'm not sure if I'm not saying I'm a saint. But most of the time I'm just working. Quick one for you guys. If you're loving this conversation and you're getting immense value, consider hitting that subscribe button and turn the notification bells on as it lets us know that we're creating the right content for you at the right time. Yeah, I think I think you have to show the lifestyle to some degree in order to attain not only the influence that you have on the world, but in terms of like, you know, your your businesses are attached to the lifestyle. People are aspiring to that lifestyle to get involved in work and you to come to your university and all that kind of stuff as well. Yeah, that's part of it. But yeah, and also we live in an attention economy, which is another part of it. But I think that I break it down in a different way. I  I think a lot of people see me doing the things I'm doing and they don't understand exactly why go down such base instincts. If fact, I've been insulted with that. They're like, Andrew takes me to all this money. All he wants to do is sleep with women and drive cars and go on checks and show off and spend money. But when you're trying to, in a feminized world, when you're trying to appeal to young men, the easiest way to do that is to base instincts. I mean, we can sit and talk all day about how civilized we are. And we are. We're a civilized society. We're a civilized people. There's also animalistic base instincts we all have. One of the base instincts that men have is the procurement of females. They like the idea of having sexual access. Because typically, as to females, they have the sexual choices. Not the men. Most men take what they can get. To be a man with sexual choices is unique in the world. Always has been. Kings had multiple women and the average dude was lucky to got one. That's just how it worked. A lot of men got none. And they died without children. So there's sexual access. And then geographical freedoms, another one.  Just being in a different location every day, a different country every day for a month is a completely different lifestyle that most people live. So it's just showing that you're not constrained by the matrix and you're trying to appeal to people's base instincts, which is freedom, sexual access, the capability of making money and having also brotherhood is an extremely important one. The reason I'm always with my brother and I'm always with my friends a lot of guys are kind. I wouldn't say jealous or envious of, but they look at that and say that's the life I wanna live. All men wanna live that way. So yeah, it is my life. They are the things I like to do, but primarily it is part of the appeal for the young men who are growing up in the world today because what is the alternative they're being told? You have to be a polar opposite to the thing you're trying to destroy. And I may be an exaggerated polar opposite. There are some people who agree with me who say, yes, you know what, you say the right things but you say them too strong or you do it too much. I'm an exaggerated polar opposite, but I'm competing against the world just trying to convince young men that if they chop a dick off, they become a girl.  and that man can have babies. So who's the exaggerated one? They all, they're the exaggerated psychopaths. So I've had to create an exaggerated character to counterbalance it. Perhaps when we lived in a world of sanity, my exaggerated version of masculine, in sexual access and money and all these things wouldn't be required, but it is. So you have to fight fire with fire. I wouldn't even say that my exaggeration is purposeful, but it's kind of interesting. We can actually analyze this to a completely different point. It's interesting how, you know when you're a child and they say, don't do that, it makes you want to do it. It's interesting how even as grownups we're exactly the same, right? We're living in a world now where if I go on a yacht with a whole bunch of beautiful women, all the feminists get upset. If they didn't get upset, I wouldn't want to do it. But now when I'm filling out my yacht, I'm like, if I get even more girls, they'll gain more mad. And they motivate you by their discontentment. That's just how the world works. We're all to a degree human, we're all to a degree...  We're all two degree going out there trying to annoy our enemies. So it's kind of our work. So it's interesting if we wanted to do a fall experiment how the equal The more extreme a viewpoint how it creates in and of itself the equal on opposing extreme viewpoint If they were sensible I would be less extreme, but they're not sensible so I am more extreme Not even on purpose. It's just how they're self-fulfilling prophecies because there is no light without dark Yeah, there is and what is your opinion of how you operate as a man from like your mom and your sister and stuff like that because obviously The family must come into it some way they must have an opinion I know that when I go around the world and do certain things that That my mom was used to have an opinion on what I'm doing now regardless I'm not gonna listen to their opinion because obviously I run my life autonomously But they have an opinion. Yeah, and how does that opinion affect you? Yeah, I'm pretty on a polygetic and I think that the fact I'm on a polygetic means they don't tell me too much because they know what my hands  is good to be. I don't believe I'm doing anything wrong or bad. In fact, I think I'm doing good things. And I do have to keep myself in check because there's a lot of people doing bad things, you don't think they're doing bad things. And that's why they do them. It's a lot of people going through the world right now saying, I'm not doing bad things. I'm doing good things. And they're actually damaging society. It even gets more complicated when you understand that whether they are doing good or doing bad depends on what side of the bench you stand on. So to some people they are doing good, other people they are doing bad. And then you get into the subjectivity of the world, which is how most things work. So I do try to keep myself in check and make sure that I am not doing anything genuinely harmful to society, especially when my haters are saying that I'm the worst person in the world, you have to sit and say, am I the worst person in the world? Am I damaging society? And you have to make that decision. But I've analyzed a head to toe when I believe that in the end, what I am teaching people is the good thing is the right thing. Even just the fact that I'm teaching people to have mental resilience and control. That alone is enough in a world where 60% of people are popping pills in her.  sad all the time and male depression is going through the roof. People are committing suicide. Even just teaching men to be happy within themselves and control their own minds makes me believe I'm doing the right thing. And yeah, I can live an adventurous life and yeah, I can do some crazy things, but I believe the ends justify the meat. However, I'm very aware that most people believe this about themselves. This is how people operate. So you have to be very human and you have to come to your own conclusions and then you have to take yourself outside of your mind and look at it from above and say, if I wasn't me, would I believe that? It's the same with nearly every decision being made in the world today, right? You can have a factory and you can hire a bunch of illegal immigrant workers and you can say you're doing the right thing because those illegal immigrant workers now have a chance to make money and send money home and feed their children back in T.O.A. But the people around you are unhappy with all the illegal immigrants in their city. So you're the bad guy to the people around you and you're the good guy to the illegal immigrant worker and you're doing it because you get to save money.  and you're justifying it yourself. You're justifying the virtue you're saying I'm a good person because I get to help these people, but really you want to save the money and a whole bunch of people in the town actually hate you for it. So are you the good guy? Are you the bad guy? Well, depends on the side of the fence you stand on. My enemies truly believe in their heart I am the bad guy. And it's not only me, it's to sing with Trump. Trump can come along, secure their border, reduce the drugs, make them richer, fix their country, and they'll still hate it. They will still hate him because he said something once. That's how their mind works. But what I'm saying is when you ring your mum to say, hey mum, how are you? How is England? I know you've probably paid a mortgage off. She's living a good life in Luton. She's loving it. She's going down the shops, she's getting everything she wants, right? But what is her opinion she puts into your ear that perhaps you know the world doesn't understand? Well, I think she understands that the end just to find a means also. I think she is truly a hundred percent on my side. She said the people who are against do are crazy and everyone's over exaggerating.  And also, although I've said a lot of hyperbolic things that I pushed the limit, and the reason I pushed the limit is because, as I said earlier, our enemies have pushed the limit. Really a lot of the things I'm saying were common sense only 10-15 years ago. I don't think I've said anything really, truly that extreme. Whatever I said, a man to a man, a woman's woman. I said that a man should protect her, provide a woman should listen to her, and let him guide her. I said that women can't drive. I mean, come on. Let's say like everyone can have a panic attack if they want. You watch any older movie. You watch any movie from the A's, when the couple get in the car, who's a good driver? The man. And there's some kind of remarkable mind-bending insanity that I say that, and people have a mental breakdown. But it's just a reality of I feel more comfortable with the man driving my car. So my mom actually agrees with a lot of the things I say. Loads of people do. I've never really had any intelligent pushback or debate about the things I've said. What I have is complaints about how I've said them.  That's what I get most often. It's not very often someone says, I'm unhappy with your view on this. They'll say, well, why do you talk that way? Why did you say it that way? Can't you be less abrasive? And my answer to them is no. I cannot. I want to talk this way. I'm a full grown man. I'll be as abrasive as I want to. I want to have my viewpoint etched into your mind when I speak. So I could say that women are weaker than men or I could say that females are physically incompetent. Because it bothers you. But because it bothers you, you remember it and you think about it. And the only reason I'm talking is so that you listen to me and so that it goes into your mind is so you think. The whole point of being a man in the first place is to leave a footprint on this earth. That's why we came to be. That's why men explored the entire planet to be the first person to explore that country, the first person to build that tower, the first person to win that fight. That's the reason men enter the cage and risk their lives. That's the whole point of it. If I speak, I'm gonna leave an imprint on your mind or I'm not gonna fucking talk to you. That's why.  I'm talking. So no, I won't be less abrasive. That's how I want to speak. There are times where I need to be less abrasive. I'm an adult, I'm not a dummy. There's times when you're in court, you need to be a little bit nicer to a police, you're a little bit nicer, etc. But I'm also an extremely successful man. And you don't, I don't have to talk to any of you people. So if I'm going to talk to somebody, I'm the A-Sive. It's at my whim, my discretion. And if I'm going to talk to you, I'm going to talk to you how I like. This is the thing the BBC couldn't stand. The BBC would sit down and they'd ask me all these stupid questions. I'd completely destroy them. And they were like, oh, why does he talk that way? Because you need my interview. No one cares about the BBC. I'll talk to you however I want or I want to talk to you at all. That's one of the benefits of being a successful man. It's probably the primary benefit is you get to just create, oozing your life and who isn't. But I don't think my mom has any problem with anything I say. She may have said a few times, Andrew, you're really making a mad. And I'll say good.  because that's the reason I'm talking at all. Think about, actually think about it. Why do you spend calories talking? If you could say on a bar, on a mirror, you could choose how much impact your words had. You'd choose 100%, wouldn't you? When you put up to maximum difficulties, every time you say anything, it has the maximum impact. Hey, maximum comfort. Oh, absolutely. You sit and say, okay, when I say I love you to a woman, I want to have maximum impact. When I say I hate you to someone, I want to have maximum impact. And when I sit into a podcast, I want to have maximum impact. And when I threaten a man, I want him to be have maximum impact. You would go through life with your vocal settings on maximum. So I have created the way I speak on purpose to make sure that is maximally effective. I choose words and I use tonnalli, which is deliberately designed to make people one listen and to think. If that offends people who don't want to think or don't want to listen, they don't listen and don't think. So you create your character to create caught through in people's life. I don't think it's a character.  I think it's just sitting down and optimizing things. Like, why would I speak if I'm going to speak on podcasts, or I'm going to speak in my business, or I'm going to speak to women? If I'm going to do anything, you're going to optimize it, right? Isn't that life? You go to the fight gym and you spar and you lose and you get better, you attempt to optimize it. You try and make some money, you attempt to optimize it, you attempt to grow the number of followers you have on your YouTube channel. When you go out dating, women, you attempt to optimize it to get better at it. If I'm going to speak to people, I'm going to optimize it to be maximally effective. I want to be the person who can say less words and everybody else and have a larger impact. That's what I want to do. I've chosen that. I've decided to do that. I understand that to be able to do that, I also need to have a certain persona and a certain capability. It's hard to do that if I'm not financially successful. It's hard to do that if I'm physically weak. If I walk into a room and I want a bellow, and I want to sit and talk in a particular manner, but I'm physically weak and broke, nobody gives a shit. But I have real world accolades. Also, a lot of my real world accolades are based on the fact that I've suffered and I'm prepared to go through difficult scenarios.  of the things I've said, which once again adds credence to my words. If I have to go to jail because I talk, people will listen when I talk. Once again, equal and opposite force. So the harder my enemies try to damage me, the more powerful they think my voice in the first place. So this is just a conscious decision. I think most men kind of consciously do it. Every man wants to be more effective. But it's prepared, I don't know how prepared you are or the difficulty meter. As you turn it up to 100, there's another meter. There's a trouble meter that goes with it. A lot of people are not prepared to say what they truly think the way they think it. Because they're afraid of the backlash. They're afraid of what comes online with the heat. The only few people you see on the internet talking the truth, a lot of them are in honest. And I know I keep going back to this. It's an aesonine. It's a pretty impotent point. It's something that everybody understands and it's a bit immature and it's a bit childish. But it's an important point. Women can't drive cars very well. Every man knows it. Every man's seen it. Every man knows it. Every man's seen it. No man.  They're afraid of all the backlash. Or if we're gonna say it, they'll say, well, you know, some women can dry, and they'll just pussy foot around like a fucking girl. Think how amazing that is. You wanna talk about sub-doing the masculine essence, sub-doing the masculine spirit of resistance against the enslavement of humanity. They have men to afraid to even fucking talk. And they're like, I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. I'm not gonna say that. They have you to afraid to even fucking talk. They have you to afraid to even say what you think. You will sit in a car with a woman who can't drive. You will sit in that car while she crashes the car. And afterwards, you'll crawl out of a crashed car. It's someone who'll say, can women drive? And you'll say, well, you know, some can. It's just gay. And it's amazing how sub-dude the average man has become. It's truly incredible to scared of what? Scared of what?  So, I refuse to operate in that frame. I go through life and I want to leave a footprint on everything. Everyone I've ever spoken to, I want to leave an impression on. Every room I've ever been in, I want it to be energy in the room that people can still feel after I leave. This is why my enemy struggle with certain concepts are trying to make me understand when they come along and say, oh, carbon footprint, I want to leave a footprint. I want a carbon footprint. If we could measure all of our carbon footprints on a leaderboard, I would be pissed off if I wasn't number one. I want to win. I want a footprint. So, that's why they'll never get through to me. That's why they'll never understand me. That's why they see me as a threat. I respect and understand that, but I'm not going to change. Where's this baguette, this carbon footprint baguette? Well, decal were very interested in that car and they couldn't get it. And I'm actually quite proud of that after three and a half years of this garbage, that they never bought my baguette, which they...  for and deliberately tried to, when they bust down this door they were saying where's the baguette. When they were searching this house, when they found Bugatti paperwork, they put it in a separate pile. They wanted that car. That was their trophy piece they wanted to take it and they never did. So the day I'm back in that car in freedom, this can be a great day. Guys, before we go into this podcast, this podcast is sponsored by contentremover.com. If you're looking to remove any images, videos, socials, fake accounts or anything else online, go to contentremover.com. We've looked after everybody from the likes of Alex Humozzi, Kaelar and Sienais, Tammy Hembrow, to a whole host of other brands and celebrities that you know and love and would love to help you with your issues online. So if you have any issues online and you want to get in touch with us, click the link below this video and go to contentremover.com. Because I was with Mike the other week, a pie and he was saying about the day that you filmed that YouTube video. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you turned up and he just said something off the cuff to you and then you said, you know, but I say what color is your baguette and it just been mega viral. Yeah, it's hot.  It's hard for me to go as vials I used to because I'm pretty cancelled everywhere now. They have AI algorithms which detects me and deletes a lot of my videos. I got one of my kind of suspended fees and some b-roll of you and the content. So that's the thing. So it used to be people who adapt to suspend me, but now they have AI machines deliberately trained to find me, to get rid of me, to damage my influence. They don't want me influencing me. But that's not happening on Instagram. It's just happening on TikTok, isn't it? TikTok, Instagram and YouTube a little bit, not as much, they're not as advanced TikTok and really got their act together. But AI is coming to Meta and YouTube and they'll try and delete me. And perhaps I'll be the end of my internet career, I'm not sure, but yeah, when I used to go crazy viral that was before the mass cancellations and now there's AI machines deliberately trained. And we know this because we're combating them inside of my school, we have an AI campus. So we're combating AI machines. So we have some of the advanced AI machines inside of my campus, inside of my school. And we'll say, well, how does the AI detect me and we'll try and put it in?  into R.A. I algorithm and work it out. And then we'll find a workaround. So first we used to invert the videos. We used to invert it so it couldn't detect my face. So this wasn't detecting it. Then we put, invert the video. Then we go, okay, well let's use a cartoon, Andrew. And then that worked. And then I start picking up my voice. So we put a voice changer on it. So we got to the point where it wasn't even me. We had to put a voice changer in, invert it, cartoon, but it's crazy how they got better and better at picking things up. So yeah, they really have put a lot of energy and effort into trying to stop me having influence over the youth. And the primary reason is because I convinced people to think for themselves and to say what they think. That's not really good for this society as a whole in regards to if you're in charge of a farm. You really don't want all the farm habits sticking for themselves. Why would you? It's better they all just do as they're told, right? So there's a huge concerted effort to ensure the majority of humanity, even the few who must escape mentally, they allow to escape. But that the majority...  of humanity, follow in lockstep to their own slavery. There's a huge concerted effort. This is not something which is accidental. This is not something that the liberals just believe because they're silly liberals. There are people who have deliberately designed systems, information, governments, schooling, education, judicial systems, you name all of it. Every single thing comes down to the end of does this enforce compliance of the populace. And the primary objective of that is that people never wake up and look around and realize they're getting fucked. Which is, of course, what you want if you're gonna fuck someone over. I mean, if they're robbed someone's house and you could press a button, they didn't notice anything was missing, that's pretty fucking convenient. There's a lot more convenient than dealing with them calling the police, right? So there's huge concerted effort. So if you're any kind of person who inspires free thought on any level, even worse, free thought coupled with the bravery to say what you're thinking instantly in real time, well then you're an enemy.  the matrix or identity to the system. And I know this is all of the time. I know this is all the time. I'll be watching Netflix and some chick will be beating up some guy or 10 guys. So when girl be doing Kung Fu, being up, 30 men and I'll just say, this is bullshit. And they'll be like, what do you mean? I'll say, this is unwatchable, never. And people around me, they confuse, like what do you mean, but she knows karate. Like this is just not real life. It's a psi op. You don't realize it's a psi op. You think it's just a stupid TV show, but it's not. Because there is no such thing as just a silly TV show. It's not just a silly TV show with women be up the men and the women are smarter than the men and the men are dummies. And in the end, the guy needs the girl to save him and the guy's gay and there's a tranny. And the another, this is oops. This is written on purpose. And your silly ass is gonna sit there and absorb it into your mind until it's normalized. The failures.  After things need to be normalized at all, shows us not normal. That's the whole point. We need to normalize. No, we don't. It doesn't need normalizing, but it's done by the culture. So, none of these things are accidental. Making, creating young men who will watch a woman beating up 30 full-grown men and say, this is bullshit, women can't fight. It's a threat to them. So they have to get rid of me. They have to get me off the platform. I completely understand it. It's a war. It's a battle. I don't take it personally. It is what it is. I was out for dinner last night with a couple of my Romanian girlfriends. And I asked them their opinion on you. Very beautiful, elegant women. And they had an opinion. Obviously they do. I said, OK, girls, what is your opinion on Andrew? And they started to say that, you know, we don't agree with this, we don't agree with that. They started another, the normal rhetoric. And I said, have you ever met him? No. Never met him.  I'm like, well, having an opinion on someone that you've never met is a highly poisonous thing. You can't really have an opinion on a man that you've never met. So if you've never met the man himself and he's never introduced you to him, but you've seen one clip on the internet that's told you that he's like that, that's a problem. Is this something you're facing every single day? Yeah, but you know it's interesting, because in real life, I've never had a negative interaction. I think I've had maybe one, and it was some silly person yelling a comment from afar. In real life, everybody's very nice to me. But yes, what you're highlighting is extremely interesting, because if they can evoke an emotional response in somebody regarding someone that they've never met in person, if that's, think about the power the Matrix has, it can make you hate someone you've never met based on a tiny little clip with no genuine concept or context of that clip. It's different if you've watched everything someone said, or you've seen that person's political policies and you're unhappy with them. Or you've watched...  them long-formed fine. But most people don't even bother to do that research. Most people see a four-second clip, they'll read a headline, and they will believe what they're supposed to believe. They will be emotional about that. That's exactly how they got people to get the vaccine in their own. That's exactly how they convince people to sit there and allow their government to steal all their money. It's exactly how they convince you to believe that for some reason, transsexuals need to be talking to your children. It's exactly the same reason they believe you should hate me. It's just all sitting there as emotional arguments. It's emotionalized. That's one of the things when they say I'm a misogynist. I'm not a misogynist. When I say that man should be in charge of certain things, it's because men are genuinely, generally, more logical. Females are emotional. That is their power. I'm not insulting them for that. I love when I see my woman with my children. I love how emotional a woman is. I love how soft and naive and beautiful. That's beautiful. That's attractive. No man wants a woman who thinks logically like a man. We want that innocence. This is attractive. Noebity is beautiful to us. But when you take those things...  and apply it. The same things that make them beautiful women, the same things we find attractive, the same things that make some good partners. When we apply that to society, now you understand that it's easier to scare them. That you can appeal to them with emotional arguments easier than you can with men. This is why they say I'm a misogynist because I believe the patriarchy is more protective and more logical and harder to fool. It's harder to fool a group of men than it is harder to fool a group of men and women. Well, why? Because with the women you can use an emotional argument. Well, the founder of Telegraph Pabble got caught out of it because of the girlfriend the ad on the flight with him was posted on Instagram where they were going. Well, that's the story. That's right. I don't know if that's exactly what happened, but that's what everyone was saying. You're right. Exactly. And if he were to be sane to her any time, you know, don't post my location. Her emotional argument is, oh, no one cares. I choose one's Instagram mics. That's all she cares about. She doesn't give a shit. She goes to Instagram mics. But I've walked in here and I've seen you there working with your laptops. I've seen that in Mariala.  I've personally seen you working. So why do you want so much life admin of all these women and all these wives and all these children? Because that's like life admin 101. That keeps you away from what you actually said that you love. Yeah. There's a cost for everything. If you have a supercar collection, you have to maintain that supercar collection. If you have a female collection, you have to maintain that humiclet. It's the nightmare. But there's never, you're never going to have anything you care about that doesn't also stress you out. Anything that can evoke an emotional response and you can evoke the emotional response in both directions. There is no light without dark. So why would I do it? Well, females allow me to procreate. Female's allow me to have children. So there isn't end result. It's not just head andism. But the amount of females that you probably, that day and probably have children with, you know, there's a lot, it's a lot of life admin without me. It is a lot of life admin. But you know, the best people in the world, what their best at is basically life admin. I mean, think about, I don't want to change subject from myself. But look at Elon. He's done far more amazing things. He has 11 children from four women. He's the best Diablo planner player on the planet.  Twerries go into space, he owns Tesla. He's now working for the government. It's amazing how much you can get done if you're genuinely dedicated to purely working. But Elon stopped to fall and Andrew hasn't. No, I haven't. No. But I'm also about putting rockets in space, so I've got a little bit more time in the day. But yeah, it's life admin, but there's nothing here. Life is admin. Life is rented. I know exactly what you're saying, but I'm saying my philosophy is that you never own anything that you're not renting anyway. Your physical health is not something you have as something you rent. If you don't look after it, you lose it. Just like a house. If you don't pay the rent, you lose the house. It's the same as your business. If you don't look after your business, you lose the business. You lose your money. The same with women. If you don't look after the women, you lose the women. So do you have to sit there and attribute values to each thing and work out is this worth the extra seconds in the day to maintain it? Well, a lot of the females, at least you can get children and pro-create is one of those important things you can do. So I would argue that having a bunch of women who are prepared to have your children is an asset and an important one. What was your net worth before you started having the multiple women and the multiple children with those women? Well, that's the problem.  women are expensive and the reason they're expensive is because tying and money are the same thing. And if you're limited on time, the only way you can satisfy a woman you ain't got time for is you give her money. Right? That's the truth. Tying and money are interchangeable. So what's the number? Well, I've had money for quite a while now, but I'm not saying women are only with me for money either, but I'm saying it's easier to have 20 girlfriends if you're rich. That's true. You'd better add you to find rich. That's what I'm saying. What is the number when you've lived this life? Right? You started it. Well, I mean, you were some out. You were worth X amount when you started to live that well, I had two or three girlfriends back when I was broke, but I had, but I was with them all the time. So when I was poor, I could be with a girl. I'd be with the girl all the time or I'd live with her. But then when you get rich, you live with her boys and you do what you want and you're not with the girl all the time because you don't want to be. So then you had to interchange it with something else. So to answer your question, it depends how many girls you have. It depends how much time you spend with them. You don't have to give girls money if you give them time. The thing is, if you have enough money, you don't value the money and you'd rather give them  money they give them time. Because you have other things that are more interested you do or another girl you wanna see. So you'd rather say, sure, your rent is paid, stay there and not see her. Now I know that's probably counterintuitive to a lot of men out there. But if you were to give a number, it's very difficult for me to say. I'm pretty wealthy. But from your experience, I want the number. It's hard to say, I don't know, I don't know, is it one million, is it two million, is it five million, is it ten million, what number is it? Depends on the girl you have, it's very subjective. I can't answer, it depends on the girl you have, it depends on much money you give her, it depends on the lifestyle she expects, depends on how pretty she is, depends on how much time you spend with her, it depends on lots of things. It's hard to say. But based upon your experience, Adri, my experience is that if you can afford to take care of a woman's life, you get a huge degree of leeway with what you're doing. And when I say take care of her life, I mean, if her rent is paid, and she has enough money for food and the all nice piece of clothing, and she has a car if she needs.  one. If you take care of her, so I don't know in Romania that might cost five or six thousand a month in other countries may cost ten, fifteen thousand a month. I don't know. But if you have enough money to take care of a woman, you have pretty highly way. So depending where you live, if you take care of her, you can usually get away with most. So what I'm saying is then, by you moving your life earlier to Romania whilst you stacked your cash and made your money, that allowed you to achieve that earlier. So you achieve that a lesser net worth than the lifestyle that you want that you're predetermined in. Now you achieve that a lesser net worth than perhaps what you are right now, obviously. Yeah, but this is actually a really interesting conversation because you have to be very careful with this because this easily is easy to be misunderstood. If you're in Dubai and you're just giving girls money and those girls want your money, especially the girls in Dubai, that is what they want. That is very different than a girl who wants your time. Girls love you, but you don't have the time to give her. So you replace the time with some money. That is very different than giving a girl...  money who wants money. They have to primarily want your time and want you but you don't have it to give so instead you replicate it and you give the next best thing which is some money or a comfortable life. But I don't think my move to Romania allowed me to do that any easier. Previously I simply had as many girls as I bothered to have or wanted to have. I just gave my time instead of my money. Whereas now my time is so valuable. Let's say I have to make $100,000 in an hour. I'd rather spend the hour making $100,000 and give her a $500 present and then bang $99,900 and $500 whatever and keep the extra money then sit around with her watching bullshit and twilight because there's a waste of fucking time. So it gives to a point where the risk that the return on doing her crap just becomes zero and it becomes to a degree not singers no love involved because there is love involved but it does become quite transactional does become like look I'm taking care of you everything's taking care of I'm busy. I love you you love me okay your loyal I love you bang okay I'm busy  because you have more important things to do. Important men have important things to do. The things women want you to do aren't important. Nearly ever. It's bullshit. Now, if they have a loser man, then they'll yell at him to get off the couch put the video games down and go get some money. But if they have a man's going out and they're getting money, they'll try and yell at him to come sell in the couch and watch him to stupid movie. So that's just females. It is what it is. They always want what they haven't got. That's fine. But for you, if you're gonna sit there as a completely broke man, the only thing you have to offer a woman is your time. So you're gonna have to get it to her. But if you have other things to offer, especially, and I know this is an unfair comparison to most people watching on, but I'm also famous in my offer status. If a girl gets to see me once a month, she gets status and I'm famous and she gets a lifestyle and she knows she didn't care of and she's known she's with me. So I get a whole bunch of brownie points that allow me to not use my time. So I'm living in a cheap home. Because I have to use my time, I can have unlimited, I can have 100 girlfriends. If I wanted. Which is ahead of a lot of admin. Which is the.  It's a lot of admin, but then you have to decide what you're doing it for, right? So if you're doing it just to show off, I mean, that's fun for a while, but it's really not worth it. If you're doing it so you can fill up a yacht like that once again, that's fun for a while, it's really not worth it. The only thing that makes any of this worth it is children at the end. So you know down the museum quite well. Yeah. Dan's Changes whole thesis on this by living the head in his two lifestyle. He's obviously getting closer to God now. He's finding God. He's finding purpose but he says now he openly said to us all on the podcast that we're just talking about. He's talking about Minogamy now. You'd never talk about Minogamy, would you? No, I wouldn't. And I don't dank quite well and I respect him a lot. He's a great guy. And I don't want to speak for him because he's just a man. However, his attitude towards women was never procreation. I think if Dan would have had 20 children across the last five years, he would be looking at Monogamy right now. He'd actually be very happy with what he'd done. And he'd be considering making 20 more. So monogamy is perhaps what he wants to set up before he creates.  children, that's his choice. So, where you've approached the different is you've gone right, I will date multiple women, but I'll have children and multiple women as well, whereas Dan said, okay, I will sleep with hundreds of women, but just to sleep. I'm an interest in sex for the sex sex. I think it's pointless. If I'm going to have a girlfriend and we're going to sleep together, there has to be a chance of a child appearing. God can decide, but there should be a chance a child appear. That's what sex is for. I don't think it's interesting just in another cell. I'm really over that. But before I die, I would like to have as many versions of me as possible on the planet. God will decide how many come. Women take nine months to grow a whole baby, because they're slow. That's their problem. And children, that children will be, children will be made. That's the bottom line that children will be made. The good things take time. Well, yeah, they do, but I mean, I can say some really controversial things. In fact, I'll say it. Let's go. So the read, what are the main, one of the primary reasons Western society as a whole is  What's failing? One of the primary reasons it's failing is because men have been cupped by women into only having children, only that. A woman will come along to a man and say, have my kids. I want kids, the work and I have children. The man of, okay, fantastic. And she'll go, but don't have kids with me when I ask them, they'll go, okay. And then he'll go and her work is asked off. And he'll, you know, it tries very best. And she'll say, okay, I need a nanny and I need a bigger car for the kid. And we need a car seat. And the kid used to go to piano lessons. We need a bigger house. We need a playroom. And he'll slave away, slave away, to get one or two kids out of this woman. And then if he asks her for a third, she'll say, no. I don't want to have any more kids. It's too hard, it pregnancy too hard. And we need another nanny. And I want to go on holiday. And I want a Birken bag. I want Instagram likes. So this female and her wins, her emotions, her primary concerns, which a lot of the time would just showing off, have limited that man's genetic potential massively. Now those are the most successful men in Western society. The least successful men don't have that problem.  There's bread as on a street with no money. Nine baby mothers, taxpayers raise an all of who doesn't care. So who's reproducing? Think about it. Who's reproducing in Western society? It's not our best. It's actually the opposite. You wonder why immigration rates are getting out of control. You wonder why London's not white anymore. Hold us because they have kids, the immigrants. And they're wives, they're women, aren't saying I need a bigger house and a nanny. No, they're women just have children to zest their culture to have kids. That's what they're for. Western women don't think that way. Western women are uninterested in the kids until they 32. I want to follow my career. What's your career? Instagram? What's your career? You're out every fucking night. Name a career. You haven't got one. What you want to do is follow the money, follow the bag and go baldies and take pretty pictures. That's what you want to do. So they're wasting my most fertile years on dumb shit. We talk about the population collapse in the West. This is exactly why. Because men are not like me to sit and say, I want children. I'll have a kid with you. Cool.  And if you take too long to grow it, listen, nine months is how long it's supposed to take, double up, that's your problem, get it done. If it takes too long, how can it's with her? Well, but I don't want you to, tough. Tough, because my genetic legacy is more important than your feelings. When I'm dead and gone, they will talk about how many children Andrew take half. They will not talk about the fact that some chick cried and told them what to do, and he was scared of her and getting mad at me. I'm not afraid of you. So I'm gonna have as kids with whoever the fuck I want. Like men have always done. That's all we've ever done. So the Western, Western society now, the females have cuffed men and to sit in there only having kids with them. If you're other woman, it says only have kids with me. The deal is, okay, have as many as I want. If you'll give me 20 children, if you'll be pregnant for the next 20 years deal. But if you're gonna start saying all ones enough, well then, sorry, the human race needs to, it's more the human race, females in their narcissism. Don't think I,  outside of themselves. The human race and Western civilization is more important than your crybaby feelings. So we need children on the planet. We're literally collapsing. Get over it. That's the bottom line. So what would you say to all the women listening to this podcast and the entrepreneurial women that have got these e-commerce brands that are doing a couple of million? There's quite a lot of women out there who's being successful in business. What would you say to them then? Because they're putting off being a mother to do the business stuff. Well, I'd say congratulations on their success. And I'd say they should get pregnant at the same time. Think of all the things I can do simultaneously. I can be a convict on one of the most things we spend on the planet simultaneously. Elon, as we just discussed, puts rockets in space and owns a large electric vehicle company in the world. And now he's going to work directly for doge, cleaning up the government all at the same time. A lot of it's just code. A lot of it's just excuses. Females, I believe, have, I wouldn't say obligation, because that's going to be used against me. But typically, it was the men who build. And it...  was the women who provide the children. For earth, men build the cities, men build the roads, men build, women give us the children. Well, birth rates are collapsing and we've built more than we've ever built. So men are doing their job. Men are still building all these things, but we can't seem to get the kids we need. Now, the reason I'm saying all of this, because I know I'm gonna be attacked for it, but it is what it is. This is only a Western world phenomenon. This is not the case in many places on the planet. This is what's so interesting when you talk about geopolitics. I have so many people come to me and they're Western nationalists or they're white supremacists. I talk to everybody on all ends of the spectrum. I talk to a hard liberal. I'll talk to a Nazi, far right white supremacist, even as a mixed race man. I talked to everybody. And the white supremacists are saying they don't want Africans coming into their country and they don't want their country to be less white. And I said, say, well, you don't have a choice because if you let one African couple in, they're gonna have more children than 50 of your couple. Like on a long enough time frame, it's just math. It's just numbers.  So we now have a society where women have been liberated from their obligation and We've asked them okay, you don't have to have children, which is your traditional obligation What do you want to do instead and let me ask you and I'm gonna ask you a question now. Can I have you go? What have women have been unchained unshackled from their original obligation which was reproduction? What have they done of merit since become real estate agents into buy well there you go You have Instagram models you have porn stars. Yeah, you have girls doing going to work doing a job Which truthfully a man could do better when we all know it What are they doing instead that that matters as much as children? I have they done anything at the same level as reproducing There's nothing in my mind that matters as much as them being able to have children if they want children absolutely understand that But I know some phenomenal entrepreneurial women completely that listens to this  podcast as well that I've also done some mad stuff. Absolutely, and here's, and here's, so there's polarity in there. No, of course, but here's where we get into the difference between the man and the female, the masculine and the female mind because females will think exceptions to prove the rule. Men don't. When you talk about subjects like this, there's gonna be a woman watching this who's very successful who's gonna be insulted because she's an exception to the general rule. Yeah. But that's not the point. When you make, when you talk about geopolitics, when you talk about population collapse across a nation, you can't talk about exceptions to the rule. If I talk about the fact that the Western, typical family in Britain doesn't have many children, and that's why the population's collapsing, it's asked the nine to turn around and say, here's one family that has 10 kids. Yeah, that is one family that has 10 kids. But we're talking geopolitically, and we're talking about society as a whole. We're talking about the trend as a whole. You're right. Some women are fantastic entrepreneurs, agree. However, the majority of breeding age females do not have children, not because they're fantastic entrepreneurs. It's because they're doing fuck all. The scrolling TikTok, they're pissing around. They're  refuse to have kids, they don't want to, they want Birken bags and Instagram likes, and they're doing nothing at all important. That's the reality of it. Now, before everyone says I'm blaming women, we can also blame men, because there's a whole bunch of men who don't want to have kids. Well, men allow that to happen, men allow them to walk through life and buy the Birken bags, because if they're an attractive female and that's the kind of life they're living, whether they're living into buy, the Miami's all these places in the world and they're living that kind of life, it's men that are allowing that to happen, so it's the man's fault. There's no light without dark. It's equal the man and the woman's fault. It's equal, it's both sides. I understand why women are gonna be watching this and why would I just have kids or some random guy, how do I know he's gonna take care of me? Completely true, you need a man to take care of you and you need a man capable of taking care of you. But how can it be a woman's fault because a man's been leading the world and leading life? Well, we have a lot of girls, well, we just discussed it, right? We just talked about how they get together with a man and they're gonna limit his genetic possibilities. But that man has allowed her to limit his genetic possibilities. So that man is at fault, not the woman. Well, and this is...  is to think because now you have competing interests. So, and this is the thing that most people don't understand about having genuinely intellectual conversation. When you talk about one subject, now we're talking about female birth rates, right? We could talk about it from the perspective of geopolitics, we could talk about the perspective of race, we could talk about it from the female perspective, the masculine perspective, they're all different perspectives and they all have competing obligations. This was interesting, so the man, I know what you're saying, a woman will sit and say, well, I can't just have kids with anyone because I need to be taken care of and I don't just wanna be left with a baby by myself, completely agree. A man will sit and say, he doesn't wanna have kids for other reasons and then a country will sit and say, well, we need children, so we have to find a way to make it work. So you have all these competing viewpoints and competing objectives, but I know that me and you sat here except that everything in our lives is our fault. Correct. Both the positive and the negative. Correct. So if that's the truth then and that's how that you teach every man to live their life, regardless of whether the female...  you know, the size staff children or not, this is not the other way. It's his fault. Well, yeah, because everything I said at the beginning of this podcast about the fact that you get what you deserve from the universe. If you're the kind of man who deserves 20 children, you're gonna get them. And if you're the kind of man who doesn't, you're not. I mean, if you're gonna sit there and listen and not be able to find a female to have your progeny, that's your problem. And if the female you're with that spend every day with a walk around Ikea with picking out fucking towels won't give you as many kids as you want, well then you're a dipshit. That's again, your problem. It's not my problem, but it's their problem. And I am, I'm just saying, when I was talking, I was talking from a geopolitical standpoint. I understand why women watching this was sitting and say, well, why should I just have children, have children with you? None of these men want to take care of me. And then we go down the other rabbit hole of why men want to take care of women in the first place. Men want to protect women when they see innocence in naivy and they find that attractive and they want to protect it from the outside world. A man wants to find a woman and say, you don't understand the world, I'm gonna protect you and I'm gonna provide for you. I'm not gonna allow you to go out there and be corsened by the earth. I'm not gonna allow you to be scarred. If they meet a woman who's already corsened.  They have no interest in protecting and providing for her. Does the fact that females have inherently raised their promiscuity in terms of, does that, that's affected a lot of this, isn't it? Oh, absolutely. Because the market value of a, quote unquote, female would go down if she's been more promiscuous. Well, yeah, she's been coarsened by life. Her heart's not the same as it was. A woman only falls in love once or twice after that. It's just, it's just pay the bills. So she doesn't love the same. This was so interesting about the feminism movement because feminism, what is it given women? Truthfully, what is it given? Before feminism, a man met a woman they got married. The man had an obligation to take care of that woman, even if they argued whatever. She got pregnant. She went to a house. He had an obligation to take care of her. He wasn't allowed to just fuck around have all these girls. Feminism gave men that up access. By telling women they can choose to do whatever they want and remove their obligations to be housewives and have children, they said, now you can do whatever you want. Well, that women are sitting there going, I can do whatever I want. We all want that guy. Well, then that guy gets all the choice.  So now that guy gets to share you all. That was feminism's result. Feminism put women in a position now where they have two choices. They can go and compete against men in the workforce and lose. We can do DEI hires. We can give them HR jobs. We can pretend that they work, but they don't. They'll never get rich a command will. Or they can go and try and compete for the best man on the planet who have unlimited choice with younger and more beautiful women forever. So feminism's put women in a very difficult position. It was easier before feminism when they knew they had an obligation to just get married and that man had an obligation to take care of them. The whole point of marriage, you talk about promiscuity. The whole point of marriage in the first place was a very simple business transaction. I'll take care of you for the rest of your life, but you're going to listen to me. You're going to give me children and you haven't been with any other man. That's the deal. If you're coming along as a woman saying, I've been with loads of other men, I'm not going to give you kids and I don't listen to no man. Well, who is going to make her you? There's no trend. That's why marriage is gone. Right? So you're right. We have two different competing sides as a man.  What's the most intelligent move you can make on the chess board? Let's forget everything I've said that's offended everybody and let's just approach this as professionals as thinkers you're a man If you tie yourself to one woman She can financially destroy you that doesn't sound logical Why would you do that if you already have sexual access to her? You already have sexual access to her. She's been with a bunch of men before you She can't truly fall in love anymore because she's had too much heartbreak Because that's what happens every single time a woman sleeps with a guy and she doesn't stay with him She gets a little bit more cold You're not gonna risk your entire network on that you also if you're the kind of person who's successful You have access to not only her you have access to a bunch of females that pretty much look the same as her You know that you're gonna be attractive to females for the next 25 years. She's only attractive for the next five or six years And she's saying she won't give you as many children as you want Why on earth would a man be loyal to or get married to any of these women ever? This is this is a logical conversation because I ask women What do you want?  offer. Oh, by me. Okay. That's the narcissism they have to operate within with their head in the clouds because they can't answer the question correctly. What do you offer a man enough to make him want to dedicate his life and fortune to you? Now, if you have some exclusives, I've never been on a private jet before. I've never been in a Lamborghini before. I've never been on holiday without my family. I haven't slept with anyone. Fine. Now the man gets something that other men haven't got. But even you and I know as the masculine imperative, we don't want what other men have had. We don't want use car. We want a new car. Time which is his value. That's right. But you say about the narcissism saying, oh, yeah, but you get me. But what about them saying that you'd be a narcissist by saying what you're saying right now? Well, the reason they, I'm sure they would. And I've been called narcissists two times, believe it or not. But the difference is a man protects and provides he gives genuine provision, which can be measured in the materialistic world. I think what you're trying to say is here. No, what I'm trying to say is...  A woman will say you get me and you'll say what does that mean and she'll go I send you funny tiktok's great You get me what does that mean your rents paid your own jets to get to fly around the world any problem you have I fix it you're physically safe like there's a list of real things if you're with a billionaire man Whereas a woman is just a you get me what does she give you she gives you sex back rubs some happy messages Which is nice. I'm not saying that's insignificant. I'm not even saying that's unimportant I'm saying that most women can't explain to you why they're a catch They just go through life only being judged by their looks. That's all they have their looks That's all they want to have their looks they keep sleeping with guys and they don't realize why it doesn't work out Until they become heartless and bitter and then they chase the bag and try and just get some written money before they get old Nugley that's just what happens in feminism did that in terms of a man's value and a woman's value from your perspective What are the prime ages for for a man and what the prime ages for a woman? I mean I think women are I think men are more attractive when they are wiser  and established. I mean, what does a woman find attractive in a man? She finds charisma and security and financial capability, wisdom, knowledge, humor, all of these things take time to build. So men are more attractive in, they're probably the most attractive 35 to 50 maybe. Whereas what does a man find attractive in a woman? Naivety, innocence, fertility, inexperience, innocence. Innocence is the key one. Men love an innocent woman. They don't want a woman who understands the game too well. They love innocence, but women don't stay innocent for very long because men fuck them over. And life fucks them over. I'm not being anti-women. I'm just commenting. So a woman's going to be attractive younger than a man is. And what you've just said there is so true because the woman got damaged because ultimately the a man fucked the woman. 100%. So it goes back to our point in originally, which is like ultimately it falls down to the male responsibility to set this down. Well, this is the point. No, no, I'm going to argue with that because we talk about the male responsibility to set the standard. I'm going to argue with that because it's only feminist and the...  allowed this shit to happen in the first place. She wouldn't have been fucked over if she married a man at 18 and her and that man stayed together forever like they used to. Feminism giving them these choices and opening up society to a sexual free for all. But feminism wasn't created by women, was it? Well, we can go down the Jewish question. We can, if you wanna get banned. You wanna get banned? No, no, but feminism is embraced by females. Every single female you ask, she'll say, I'm a feminist and I'm saying if you ask them, what has feminism given you? They can't answer. I understand the whole narrative, but let's just focus on that initial question. Me and you both know that feminism wasn't created by women, it was taught to women. And the people that created feminism were male, right? Yeah. You agree? Yeah. So it's a male problem, regardless of race or whoever created it. No, we mean you both know where that came from. But it's not a problem. I'm not talking about it as a problem. I'm just commenting on society as I see it. It's not a problem for the top tier men.  The situation I've just designed and just described. It is a problem for the 90% of men that come. It's a problem for the men who can't compete, but it's absolutely fantastic at the top. You get unlimited sexual access with no time commitment, no obligations, it's absolutely fantastic at the top. Of course it is. And just like it's pretty good to be a pretty woman. It's just harder for the other ones. That's the game, right? What I'm saying is the idea that when we were just talking about a woman getting screwed over by life and losing her innocence completely, but feminism allowed this to happen. Feminism has just opened up the world to a sexual free-for-all. And this sexual free-for-all doesn't benefit women because birth rate's plumbing, it doesn't even benefit society. Now I'm sitting here as a person who would genuinely not like to live in a very strictly monogamous society. So I'm not even talking about myself. I'm not talking, I'm not preaching. I'm just commenting on society as it is at what age did monogamous?  start or stop making sense to you. I don't think you've ever made sense. I don't think it makes sense to any man. Biologically, but you're taught it from a young age. Like my mom and dad have been married for 44 years. I think the days of that happening now are gone. Well, that's right, because you have culture and your biology, no different things. I think masculine biology is different. I think also top tier males have always been the same way. Even back in the day when we talk about monogamy, kings have always had multiple wives. Kings have always had mistresses. Kings always have. So again, it depends where you are in the peckin' order. How many wives? You'll that have though. Say again. How many wives did you'll that have? I have no idea. I'm sure he was busy. I mean, he wasn't hungry much. But I mean, I'll talk to a dude and he'll be like, I love my wife, I don't want anyone else. That's fantastic, that's great. Then that's your prerogative. I'm not telling you you have to go fuck. But the truth about people who say that most of the time is that they can't. Remember, I used to have my webcam business, right? I used to be involved in this industry. The worst men on the planet are the loyal husbands. The men.  The handles sit there go, I love my chick, I'm loyal. The second she goes to bed, he's logging into all these websites that are the most fucked up shit possible because biologically he actually wants more and he can't get it. There's a huge confusion in the world today between men who are loyal because they say they want to be loyal and men who are loyal because they have no choice. If you go into a store that sells bananas, and that's all it sells, and you buy a banana, you can't say you like bananas, there's no options. If you go into a store that sells everything and you walk out with a banana every day, then you can say your loyal. Most men who are loyal physically simply have no options. The men who do have options are different. And I will tell you something about females, especially the ones who are smart. There are women out there who say, look, I would rather be the man who is honest, who is open, who I know is not gonna fall head over heels with some chick just because her tits are big and she's a little bit young, who I know loves me because I've stood by a side for 10 years, even if he's not sexually exclusive. Then I go be with some Mr. Nyskai hold hands, Mr. Romantic, I'm loyal to my wife and the second he gets a bit of female attention he disappears, because that's what they all do. Those are the ones who fall in love with side chicks, real g's don't. So.  This whole idea of what is loyalty? Let's break it down. We're having a conversation now about loyalty and how it affects society. Guys, over the last five years, you've watched me travel around the world building this podcast, podcasting nine countries over 200 entrepreneurs. And one of the key things I've learned is that every single one of these successful people have a playbook. They have a play by play of how they're gonna operate their life, their mindset and everything else. So they can scale. So they can scale their money, their business, their life and everything. I want to break that down for you. So what I've done is I've set up a weekly email that's gonna be going live, week in, week out, giving you a play by play of some of these the most top entrepreneurs in the world. So you can understand how they're executing on their plan. So you can execute on it too. If this is something that interests you, click the link, sign up to the email below and that'll be coming out weekly. Well, we need to be professional and go back a level. What is loyalty? Is a man loyal to his wife when he's logging into porn every night? Is a man loyal to his wife when he wants to fuck something and can't? Is he loyal?  because his dick doesn't go anywhere, but by her discretion as opposed to his own. All these men saying, I'm loyal to my wife, you're a fucking dork bro. There, you couldn't get a chick if your life depended on it. When your wife leaves you, and you start trying to message these girls on Instagram, you're gonna get blanked. You're probably messaging them already. You're loyal to your wife because no one's replied to your DMs. That's not loyal. You're just failing. How would you tell them to change the narrative? No, but this is what I'm so interesting to me. When you talk to these men or whatever you discuss these things with men who's unlawful, they haven't even got any options. It's like talking to the broke guy. I'd never buy Ferrari. Pro, you have no fucking money. Nobody cares what you'd buy. You can't buy one. So your opinion is irrelevant. Now, if you talk to all of the very successful men, you live in Dubai. Go to Dubai, go talk to all of the successful men. What will they all say? The same as me or the same as Jack As, he says he wants to be with one girl's whole life.  A lot of the men that I speak to have the ability to buy a Ferrari, so if they choose not to buy one, it's picked out of a choice not necessity. Correct. The point I'm making is that if you go to a place like to buy or Miami, these places where it's hyper-capitalistic, you will see a very rich man with a whole bunch of pretty girls on his table. Every time. Every time. You will not see a man with just his wife. Maybe you will at dinner sometimes, but if he goes to the club sometimes, not all the time, sometimes, he'll go on a yacht sometimes. This is life. This is what successful men do. This is life. As a female, you can make a choice. You can say, look, I want a loyal loser or I want to share part of a winner. I mean, the females have the prerogative. Women say all the time, I just want a loyal man who cares about me. They're everywhere. They work in Starbucks. I'll go get one. Go buy a latte and take Mr. Minimum wage and you'll get everything you want. He'll give you all his time. He'll give you all his attention and he'll never cheat because he can't. You don't actually want that, do you? You want a winner? We'll think about the mentality of a winner. How do you  even win in the world today. You win in the world today by ignoring paradigms, by ignoring the rules, by ignoring what the matrix wants you to do. You win in the world today by being assertive, by being greedy. You win in the world today by being the exact kind of person who can't be told what to do, does what he wants and always wants more. That's how you become a winner. So you're surprised that a winner wants 20 girls on his table. That's his whole personality. If he didn't want 20 girls on his table, he wouldn't want 20 million in the bank. He wouldn't want 20 cars on the drive. And you wouldn't be with him. So you almost need the pursuit of the women as well to keep you wanting to shoot your family. I don't pursue women. I don't pursue women. I'm on a generational streak of reproduction. I'm the repopulator of earth. I'm gonna save you, Manny. I don't pursue women. I don't talk from my own perspective. I'm just talking as an observer. A lot of people struggle to do.  I will sit and look at a situation and just talk about all the different sides. There's a triangle and I will talk from all three points about what we see in the middle because you've been at every level of it. Well, it's just how I see it all. Because you've been broken, not had access to that you have now. Yeah, correct. And you've now been rich. And now you've been rich. Absolutely. Absolutely being rich is inherently better. But there might be people that listen to this that are starting out, bro. What would your advice be then to the people that are broke, listening to this or the men that don't have the access that you're talking about right now? How can they start to get their access? How can they start to get themselves together so they can have the access? Yeah, I mean, you're right. I've been at all levels of it. But I also talk from the female perspective as I understand it. So I do my very best. I think everything I've just said is only the tip of the iceberg. I could talk about this forever, but it's probably been enough smoke. So I'll wait till I've beaten this case and we continue. But to answer your question, what I'll do is I'll answer with a thought paradigm. I'll answer with a way that you should construct your thoughts in general, which a lot of people don't do.  If you're gonna make a chest move, you need to look at the board. Which is amazing that most people don't ever want to look at the board. They need to make a chest move so they just move. If you play an amateur at chess, they'll just randomly move something. You'll say, why did they move it? Ah, I don't know. You can't win that way. You play a grandmaster, the first thing he does is stare at the board. So it doesn't matter if you're entering the dating market or business or the online, anything. You need to analyze the grounds, right? You need to understand where you're going. If you're gonna go to battle, the first thing you're gonna do is look at a map and see the geography. I'm talking from a perspective outside of myself about the current dating market in the world we live in. The dating market in Dubai is very different than the date in market in Nebraska or Vladivostok or Japan. In Japan, your family may find you somebody. In India, it may be linked to your cast and Dubai. It's all about the money, same in Miami. And rural Nebraska, you may just make your high school sweetheart. Who knows? It's down to you to look at the board.  And then decide how do I position myself to try and win this game? Right the way I would try and find a wife and Dubai is completely different than the way I try to find a wife somewhere else you'd find a wife and a wife? I don't think so If I wanted to it's a different game you have to understand the board before you make a move on it You and I both know there are no wives and Dubai well, this is it so why this is the point this is the exact point So I wouldn't be trying to play the wife game and Dubai. So what game are you playing? Not the wife game. Well, that's it. So there's only two other games which is head in his number reproduction And I decided that reproduction and perhaps this is co- Well, okay, well no, but all of us I don't want to make something very clear for everybody watching at home every single person copes Every single person rationalizes their own decisions Every single person comes up with a group skews in their mind for why they do what they're not supposed to do every single person does Everybody will go out there and do something that they know Perhaps the Bible of the Quran says they shouldn't do but they'll do it and they'll rationalize it  Perhaps I've rationalized from a skewie saying, ah, but I'm creating children. I'm not hedonistic. I'm creating kids. I'm a good person. But am I, or do I just want all those beautiful women to adore me? I don't, we have to, we have to, I'm being, as a professional, you have to look at both sides of the coin. I think that at some part in your earlier days, there was perhaps a woman that maybe rejected you when you didn't have the money, maybe chose someone who was richer than you, potentially back in the day. And potentially you thought yourself, you know what, I'm going to elevate my character, I'm going to elevate my status. And when I have the money and when I have the power, I'm going to use it and I'm going to take it further forward. Well, I think every man has been rejected by women. You have, you know, so right of passage. No, yeah, exactly. Of course, every man's been rejected by women. I can't say I haven't lost women because I'm 37, so I've lost hundreds of women. I don't think there's one in particular. However, every man has been rejected by women, that's true. But you can take that pair and I, maybe could apply it nearly anything in life. You get a better...  You become a better fighter after you get knocked down. You become richer after you can't afford to eat. You become better with women after you get heartbroken. That's just the masculine experience is based within suffering anyway. You fail at something and you try again. That's the masculine experience. This is why men and women think so differently because everything I said about innocence, you don't all want a woman to be coarsened. So you don't want her to have experience of life because if she has experience of life, life is suffering and life is pain. If she goes out there into the world to experience things and become knowledgeable in and of herself, there's no way she can do that without becoming harder and less soft because the world is so vicious to people. So as a man, you become a better man by suffering, whereas a woman becomes a much worse woman by suffering. So as a man, what you actually want to do is go through so much suffering that you become such a fantastic man that you can find a woman who's never suffered and prevent her from ever suffering. So I'm going to be called all the horrible names for this podcast, but truthfully what I'm saying is a man should suffer and go through so much pain and agony that he becomes such a fantastic man that he could find a woman who's never had to suffer ever.  and sure she never does. That's the ultimate protection and provision. That's the way the balance works. So the scars make the man better in a lot of areas of his life, where scars make women harder in the emotional areas. Well scars are attractive. Do you do men find scars attractive on women? No, do women find scars attractive on men? Yes. And that's even in the physical manifestation of what we just discussed from a psychological perspective. So it's literally just the way it works. A man used to have to go away to war and come back a war hero to find a wife who's never been to war. You don't want a wife who's been to war. Nobody wants a wife who's been to the trenches. You want a man who's been to the trenches and survive. This is the dynamic, right? So I mean, we look at the Dubai market is very interesting, but you have all these women out there with a whole ton of experience. They're becoming coarsened by it. And when I say coarsened, I'm not saying they're bad people. I'm saying that it's very hard from the fall in love deeply because they've been on X amount of boats and X amount of super cars, slept with X amount of man on X amount of private jets, X amount of trips. And now, and you're gonna come and pick them up and you're gonna try and get some genuine emotion from their hearts, but it's all just...  been squeezed dry, there's nothing like. It's desensitization is what's happened. Completely. You get desensitized to a certain level of life and once you've lived it and once you've seen it so many times, that level. Even more importantly, you get desensitized to the idea of losing your man. When a woman loses her first boyfriend, it's a heartbreak, it's Taylor Swift, it's two years by herself, it's crying every day, it's writing in her diary, it's a big deal. Women become desensitized to losing their man. By the time they lose their tenth man, they don't give a fuck. And they're out in the club next day. Getting a new man. And before you know it, that's how it goes. And you can call me every name out of the sun. Let's do a scientific experiment. How long does it take a woman to go over her first boyfriend compared to how long does it take a woman to go over her tenth boyfriend? Now, I don't think men are actually like that. I think men, if they truly can truly love a woman at any level, you can sleep with a thousand women and you cannot give a shit about number 798 to number 812 and the number 813 you can be obsessed with and you can lose her and be upset about it. And then you can go back to 814 up to 903.  I not give a shit again man no matter how many women we sleep with retain the capability and ability to fall in love with the right woman because we Fall in love via their innocence if you give a man no matter how many women he slept with a good enough woman He will fall in love with her anyway, whereas a woman can if a woman slept with enough man You can give her the best man and she will never fall in love with him because she's broken now The women are falling in love within life I've always the ones that have cost me the most the most stuff you know talk with it They teach you a lesson in that as a scars for there's a there's a there's a lesson in that There's a little you need a little bit of heartbreak you need a little bit of emotion in there, you know I'm saying well that you know you know you know the true red pill the true red pill The true red pill is that the heartbreak part is the best part Yeah, that's the real love the whole holding hands everything's happy. We're out at dinner smiling laughing. No, that's boring The true memory of love the actual real fun part of the love is the part  where you feel the deepest and you feel the deepest when it goes wrong. And we can apply that to everything. That's the funnest part of life. Funnest part of life. It's never fun at the time. But in retrospect, when you want to use hindsight and analyze your entire life via the lens of your mind, when you go back in time, those bad times are the best times. I miss jail. It was shit. And now, me and Tristan, it's all we talk about because you get a strong visceral emotion from it. So it's a happy memory. There's a few stories that you're not telling about jail. There's a lot of stories. There's a lot of stories I'm not telling about jail. There's a few stories about female prison guards that I've heard that Mayor should be told on this podcast. Guys, I hope you got value from this podcast. And if you did, hit that subscribe button and turn the bell notifications on. But guys, I've got these videos here that will take you to a whole new level as well.  don't sleep on these.