 Hey guys, we're back that you thought they could stop us what they can't they can't Welcome to freshman podcast after hours a second edition. We're gonna do it again. Let's do it again. Maybe let's just hit the intro Oh We are back. Yeah, we're back guys. Hey, welcome back to the freshman podcast after our edition guys So basically the interesse  provided decided to do a firmware update in the middle of the stream. So we got everything square now. We're good to go with that said, I'm not going to get into announcements. We'll do the super chats real quick and go, we'll get right into it. So what do we got here? We got, um, okay, Kelly Papa chunks again, stocks my ninja once again. Let's go $100. Thank you so much, bro. Appreciate that. That will go into upgrading to business class. All right. Lamar and though, $20. Y'all's one on one show. Andrew is gold. Thanks. Absolutely. It's one of our best ones. Yeah. Matt Asookie. Fit your eyes. Here's some doge. Thank you. Cobre for coming back again. That talk last weekend was inspirational. No more podcasts in the world over $9,000. Thank you so much. The stream is frozen. Yo, not anymore. Not anymore. We're back. All the web $20. Cobre take. Can you please collaborate later in the show when on the last podcast you describe that you cannot be completely emotionless with a girl that is giving you problems? How do you keep the frame without being over alpha? What's the podcast? You'll see my friend David K 25. Anything worth having takes as long as it takes love the concept for FAM and great to see Tate in the house. And then bam.  And then guys from this point four we're gonna refit you know You know just so that we can keep things nice and concise and with that said man Andrew Can you introduce yourself to the people for those that have been living under rock and don't know who you are? Yeah, I'm the reason the internet broke I'll bring the fire know my name is Andrew Tate. I'm a four-time kickboxing world champion multi-millionaire extremely humble nice guy And I am here from book arrest remaining. I came all the way Miami and the first people I decided to see Was fresh and fit you're taking over the internet bro. We've got to man taken over the world What's going on? I've been frozen my my accounts been shadow band frozen on the same number of subs like three years Yeah, you've appeared and destroyed me in two weeks Maybe you're just funnier than me. Maybe I don't know what it is. You know what it is. It's cuz I stutter Is that what it is we need that song by mystical and Joe where's that song ready stutter if anyone stutter is we're gonna play it Oh Man, okay, all right, so yeah, let's introduce the love of the ladies on the panel. We got a huge huge panties on  to catch as well. So we'll have some returning back. What's up guys? So yeah, we'll start with your name where you're from your age. What you do for living? So we'll start here. All right. I'm CC. I'm from Tampa. I'm an executive assistant. It was that it. Age. Oh, I'm 23. And where you from? Tampa. No, like back. Vietnam. Okay, cool. There you go. All right. My name is Melissa. I'm 20. I'm from Columbia. What do you mean? I'm I'm model. Awesome. Cool. Okay. My name is Alandra. I also model. Dominican and Cuban. And I'm 19. Cool. All right. Oh, hi. I'm Gabriela. You can call me Gabri. I'm 23 full-time model and I own my own clothing brand and from Kenya. Boom. There you go. But I live in Orlando moving to Miami. Yes. That's lit. I'm yet see.  I'm 21 and I'm a nurse. I'm from Miami, Florida and I'm Cuban. Welcome back. Welcome back. Thank you. Hi, I'm Elise. I'm 22 and I go to school for nursing and I'm Ecuadorian. There you go. Hi, I'm Valentina. I'm 21 years old. I'm studying accounting and I'm from Colombia. Shout the Colombian house and then over here is on the couch. I'm next. Yeah. I'm slim. I model. I'm 28 years old and I am from 757 Chesapeake, Virginia. Okay. Welcome. Welcome. Okay. Hello. My name is Claudia. You can call me by the name red. I'm Cuban and I do big ol' livestream. Big ol' livestream. Yes, sir. What is that? Omega? I used to do that. I was funny. I spoke when I was younger. But it's a like Instagram live, but literally just entertaining. Oh, sure. Okay. Cool. Cool. Hi, I'm Lexi. I am 22. I'm from Fort Myers and I'm a content creator here on YouTube.  Welcome back Lexi. Thank you. My name is Alexis. This is my third time being here. Welcome back. I'm better. And I'm 24 this month in a week and a half. And I'll put a week in a Lebanese. Yeah, I'm from Sarasota. Cool. And ladies on the couch, just speak up a little bit louder. I don't know if they're coming in a little low, but yeah, just in case. But anyway, so like this close, there you go. There you go. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah, pretend there's another creepy guy on the end of the line. And he's like trying to get horny off your voice. That's how you gotta pretend. You gotta talk like right into that thing. So go ahead, fresh, kick it off with the first, or actually, Andrew, do you have a first question? You don't have to do it for a second. Do I have a question? Yeah, for the ladies. For the ladies. We could spin it the other way around. I don't know if I have a question. I have this really strange feeling. And maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm wrong. That we're all going to agree on everything. Is that wrong? I have this really strange feeling that I'm going to say something and you're all going to be like, you know what? This guy kind of knows what he's talking about. It's not so bad. But for entertainment's purposes, we need to disagree on something.  We need to fight. So your girls need to say your most controversial opinions. You understand? If I say something and you don't agree, you need to be like, no, listen, bald motherfucker. Shut up. So I don't know what the first question is. Fresh you hit it. Come first. So ladies, two options here, right? So if you could choose a guy that was so sensible, like a pair for your life, basically pay all your bills, but he may cheat because he had options or a guy that was a regular job, maybe a little bit boring, but he would never cheat. Who would you choose and then why? We'll start a good question. Yeah. We'll start a, I guess right here. Me? Maybe you, yeah, you. Okay. I prefer a guy with a regular job, boring. I'm really fun person, I want to make him better. And why? Because we could both grow together and become that millionaire together. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry.  Why are you lying? I'm not lying. I'm not lying. It's the first question of the show that why are you lying? With a cap. Would you, would you rather have a Ferrari that works three days a week or a push bike that's always there waiting for you? They're gonna drive the Ferrari. Why are you lying? The line was. Is this supposed to be a show of honesty? Yes. Show us your boyfriend now. But is he a dork? Come on. Come on. Come out, Moody. Why? Why did Tecters flawless? I'm not flawless. Perfect. Okay. What's your pick? To be honest, yeah, like I would pick a guy who had a normal job that would not cheat. Because in our relationship, I do prefer loyalty. I have that. One makes you think that he's not gonna cheat. He makes six figures and like, I'm still super happy and he never leave a house. He's always home. How do you define loyalty? Doesn't talk to other women. Doesn't entertain anybody else other than me. Okay. The reality is how you define loyalty. Yeah. Yeah, but that's...  I'll tell you why that constructs all messed up. And girls, I'm not, I'm gonna be completely honest with you, right? So I've been to 72 countries have been all around the world. Okay. The idea of how many women work in the West is completely different to most places. Let me tell you what happens if you go to Russia and you find a hot, beautiful woman with a big mafia boss. Do you think that dude is loyal to her? No, of course not. No, so do you know what he says? I take care of her. She drives a Bentley. She has my children. I know she's looked after. She doesn't hassle me if I go play games with stupid hoads because I come back to her. And she's like, okay, cool. Well, he takes care of me. It's done. That's how it's done in 99% of the world besides the USA. If you think you're gonna find a man with options who's gonna genuinely, genuinely never, ever consider those options ever, then he's just a low value dude. That's the reality of the game. The reality of the game is if the guy has choices, he's gonna consider those choices. This, I know it's, I know it's unfortunate, right? But I'm telling you, a man can be head over heels in love. I can love you with all my heart. I can be ready to die for you. Take a bullet for you.  But I'll still fuck that bitch. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But this is where you get confused. Women show their love through sexual loyalty. They show their love through sexual exclusivity. A man thrushes his love other ways. So when you see a man who's crying over the girl, he lost because he cheated. And they're like, why is he crying? He loves me. He doesn't love me. Yes, he does. He loves you. Why are girls tripping over him fucking something? He came back to you. Who cares? My not bitch. He doesn't care about her. Why do you care about her? I have a question. Sure. What you just said. You're saying that who cares about if the roles were reversed, it becomes a whole problem. Of course it would. Absolutely. Why don't you cheat? If you get cheated, I should cheat, too. You know, like I should play a role. OK, so how about a little bit of this? Ladies, ladies, real quick. Just before Andrew, did you finish your point? Yeah, sure. OK, because I know a bunch of ladies are going to have some opinions on it. Yes. Let's go ahead. Let's go ahead and start with the couch. Yeah. From our girl, Isa.  Go ahead and give your opinions on it if you have if you have one if not then we could move on wait I mean the first question or or no on on Andrew's stance as far as like showing and well, I guess oh wait Did we go around the whole? No, no, no, no, you know what? Okay, let's do this right everyone answer and then we'll give our our take as guys I'll shut up. Okay. Okay. No, no, you're starting. No, Andrew I prefer a guy that makes six figures. I don't care who he's saying because at the end of the day I'm gonna do what I want anyways Okay, okay Okay, I'm like I don't like sharing so if you're gonna cheat I'm gonna cheat too Yeah, that's that that's the only way I'm keeping a six figure guy if you go and sleep around I need to have my own options as well. That's the only way it's going to work otherwise no all right, okay You try I completely agree with Andrew If you know If a guy's taking care of me, you know You can handle what he's doing at the end of the day  I'm gonna be driving that for a while. I'm gonna be getting money. I'm gonna be going buying Gucci. I'm gonna be happy. I didn't know who you were going home with. I agree too because I feel like... I don't know. I want someone to be faithful but... I want to be taken care of as well. So I'll go with that too. Okay. It's figures for me. Okay, it's figures. All right. Is V&O? I agree 100%. I prefer a man who makes seven figures. Okay. Okay. But I don't really consider it cheating. And he's successful in exercising his options. You know, men can fuck other people and still be in love with you. But women can't. She nailed it. Before you do the couch, sorry, she nailed it. It's not... The word cheating is the wrong word. It's not cheating. Because it's cheating if you're like, I really like this other girl. If you catch your man and he's completely in love with some other girl, then yeah, that's cheating. If you have a second relationship, yeah, that's cheating. If he comes home and he's...  He smells a pussy and he's like, who is that girl? And he's like, I don't fucking know. Sorry, I don't even know. It's exercise. Who cares? If he doesn't care, why would you care? That's not cheating. Now, well said. You got another boy. The way I see it, it could either be automated or somebody else could take care of it if he is out on the road doing whatever. Cool, cool. And then ladies on the couch. So, Andrew, back to what you were saying. I'm sorry, I'll cut you off baby. I didn't mean to do that. But I just have to say, that's where it comes where it respected and communication. If you communicate with me, we're good. Now, don't overbound it though. That's where we're gonna have problems. But we're gonna be good. So, as long as you communicate with me, we good. So, it doesn't matter what you make. I'm down for you. No, see, and I respect that because that's the healthy way to do it, right? If you're a man and you're lying, then you're a punk. If you're gonna come home and lie to the girl you care about over some dumb bitch, then yeah, you're a punk, right? But if you come home and say, look, that last night, I was acting crazy. It was girls in the house. I fucked some girl. I don't know her.  fucking name. She ain't got my number. She must be on install block there. Who gives a shit? Right? Let's go for dinner. Move on. Yeah, your tips are better. Who gives a shit? It's gonna fuck out of you. Then it is what it is, right? It is what it is. But if you're gonna sit there and go, no, I didn't touch your promise. I didn't do it. This is where most most men make the mistake. Most men make the mistakes. They just lie. And when you lie, you look like a coward. You look weak, right? And if your woman really truly respects you, she's gonna be angry. She might cry. She might be upset. But if she truly respects you as a man and you truly look after her, she ain't fucking leaving. Why would she leave the big boss who looks after over some fucking stupid shit happens a couple times a fucking year? Who gives a fuck? The big boss, man. The big boss. Okay. Okay. Then slim, slim, slim. Okay, so yeah, I agree. And I agree to what you stand, but times have changed. Women are the big boss now. So, exactly. Put her on the table. Here we are. You're standing there. You're taking care of her. I have my own money. I can take care of myself. So if you're cheating, then you know, I can cheat too. Just have that.  Okay, you know, okay, no, no, no, no, I understand what you're saying, but when I say taking care I'm not just talking purely financial right a man has a bigger role than purely financial I'm talking about taking care of you and everything and there are also sex toys Who so who's how else can you help me? I'm so I'm breaking the house and I'm gonna wave your dildo around They can help Break your own There are contractors to come out and fix I can We can plumber My point is I truly believe men and women are designed to be together. I believe that I agree I believe that men and women are happier together. They are but if they can keep each other happy and stay faithful to each other That's where the unhappiness come from is when the other one steps out on the other and then that loyalty and that promise that you guys have together is broke Girl can if I see if I sleep with another woman. I am still faithful to you If a woman sleeps with another man that's with you. Okay, no, absolutely no, don't say crazy Yeah  What about the same energy you have to? You're thinking of men and women as men and women have completely different roles in society. We have completely different attributes, completely different advantages. We go through life in completely different ways. You can't compare us as an equal. You wouldn't consider men and women equal in 99% of situations where men are expected to perform. You would not consider yourself an equal if you're rolling with your boy and a guy rolled up and you're trying to hurt you. You'd expect your man to fight, right? That's a man's job. You can't say we're equal when it suits you and we're not equal when it doesn't suit you. We are going the same. We are going the same. It's the reality of the world. We're not the same and the reason women, even though they have unlimited options, are not running out here sleeping with a new dude every single day is because they won't sleep with a man that don't have at least some degree of feeling for. That's the difference. You will have some feelings for somebody you would sleep with. I promise you a dude can sleep with a chick and she can get in a car crash and he won't give a fuck. I'm telling you, that's the game. That's the difference between it.  That's a difference. Can I ask you a question? Sure. What if you're married? Okay, but even even if you're married, I don't think really very much changes. I think you show loyalty I really do believe a man shows loyalty in other ways so it can be it can be anything right? Well, he has no gender Let me give you a box. They say does of course. That has a gender Let me give you let me think of some example and real quick ladies just so you guys know That's just the way Andrew talks. So don't be scared to speak your mind and like No, I don't know what I just want to wrap it out there because I could already see some of you guys like oh holy shit. What's going on? So don't be scared like hey gonna attack you nothing like that. Yeah, as long as we have respectful discourse It's cool me and fresher just here to moderate and jump in if we need to but real talk like you know This is your chance to talk to a multi-millionaire You know, I'm saying so you guys can get kind of get the real talk you know, I'm saying so if you have a disagreement It's okay. Don't worry. You'll have your chance to speak and everything like that But don't be scared. You're gonna hit you okay?  I don't think Slim finished though. Was it she? Oh, no, I just said that loyalty doesn't have a gender and that it does I mean Loyalty is loyalty whether you're a man or a woman Period agree I agree completely and a man should be absolutely loyal to the woman he loves and he should look After and make her as happy as possible and he can still fuck that other bit And she can too. No, she can't yes, you can wait men are not the same. Let me take you something Let me tell you something that I hope you all understand right? There are actually far less Genuinely high value men than there are pretty girls you can go out and you can go out to the club today and see pretty girl Wait, can you repeat that there are actually far less Genuinely and I'm not talking about the guys who front genuinely high value men than there are pretty girls You can go to any club in any country in the world I've been a  72 countries. You can go to any club in any country in the world and see pretty girls. If you're going to find a young, in shape, smart, tall, intelligent, rich man, it's extremely difficult to find. And that man has options. He has more options than a beautiful girl. And I'll tell you something, well, a high value man respects. When he meets a girl that's genuinely right or die as in he, I'm with this man. I like this man. This man loves me. I love him. He fucked that bitch, but it doesn't matter because he came home to me. That man has choices. Why would he choose a girl who thinks, ah, if he sleeps another girl, I'll go sleep with some dude. He just, he'll just ignore you. He won't be with you. You're not going to have the best of the best if you're going to think that way. The only girl who doesn't know won't hurt you, right? Say again. What you don't know won't hurt you, right? He will know. He'll smell it because he's a bad boy like me. He'll smell it. But no, something like right. Something like right. And I'm going to think this is the way the world works. And I'm all saying it's easy. I like you. I don't thank you. And I'm all saying it's easy for a woman, right?  I understand it can be heartbreaking. I can understand it can be difficult, but it's not easy But it's a competitive environment right? Why would you do that to the woman you love because listen? Let me take something about this option That's why no it's not that there's no joy without pain. There's no sunshine without rain You need up and down. This is how the world works Make a little bit take them to the mall These one to bang This is gonna make life fun. You can't be sitting there all day. You could get the I'm telling you You could get the most high-value man the world who takes every single box if he has no hose and he's home with you every day Watching Netflix during get bored of him any We got Alexi here as well, so I want to speak I miss the whole entire question, but my guy is fucking a girl. I'm fucking a guy Exactly in a story. Okay, can we put her together and believe that? I mean I agree and disagree because I prefer loyalty over anything, but this day and age That doesn't exist as  You visited 78 countries that doesn't happen in other countries at all women or nothing in other countries like you said you 72 Sorry But yeah, just yeah, no girls don't have any type of rice when it comes to that So you know, I say this is the only way like that is that's just the reality of it So you either take it and leave it if you want a high-valued man as you said that's just how it goes So okay, so what I want to change that what about her changed the question right? Let's assume that every single high-value man across a 10-year span at some point is gonna fucking other girl Okay, yeah, would you do you want him to lie to you or tell it or tell you the truth? Tell me the truth So you want to tell you the truth so you can go out there and fuck some idiots Brave and right no, we're not even no, we're not that's absolutely not You've been with a guy for three years who's been taking care of you You're your couple who's been paying the bills that can ask you he slept with some idiot girl He doesn't care about anymore. You're gonna go bang  Fucking bedrobe with no money in the back Okay, Jane The girl he slept with at the club of dark so why is the girl she fucks at the club of dark? If you want to talk about why men and women are different we can analyze that you want to talk about why men and women are Please you don't seem to know why please okay? Okay, we can discuss it you don't seem to know why I'll tell you why I want to say this I'm interested one thing I'm noticing is that the ladies think it's if you cheat If you have sex with another woman with them they can have sex with another guy, but Ladies ladies we're gonna and you're gonna break it down why and I've done it many times on the show too But I want to hear Andrews take on this why it's unacceptable for women to run around have sex with multiple men Whereas it's completely acceptable for men to do so go ahead and you take it away man You might not like this lady so get ready. We're gonna talk about biology This is fire now This first of you make this clear for anyone watching this let's see let's see I meet a girl I  like yeah. I'm not saying the first thing I'm gonna do is run out and cheat on it. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying, I'm not even saying I can't be faithful because I could. I'm just trying to explain the difference to you in the realities of the world. Female promiscuity has always since the dawn of human time across every culture that's ever existed from China to the Aztecs been frowned upon. Every single culture since the dawn of human time has mocked women who are promiscuous. If you were a hoe, you were laughed at. In most cultures, if you weren't a virgin, you couldn't get married. To this day in half of the world, if you're not a virgin, you can't get married. Female promiscuity across every culture since the dawn of human time has been seen as a negative. That is not a coincidence. It's because females are designed to meet a man, get pregnant, fall in love with said man. If you keep sleeping with X-Dude, X-Dude, X-Dude, pulpen plan B's, take in the morning after pill and  Moving the stigma, this is the big point. If you're a female in the beginning of her sexual process, there's a stigma associated with sleeping with a new man. If you sleep with enough of them, you remove the stigma. And now let's cycle off as fuck this guy, this guy, this guy, this guy. That cheapens you. It doesn't matter if a man slept with 20 girls or 200 girls. He is still the man. If a woman slept with 200 men, she is worth less. This is the basis of the gang. No man has got a marrying a woman that 200 men slammed and threw to the street. So when the problem with the Western world, and it's the Western world as a whole, but it's especially America, women think they have some kind of power. Oh, well I'll go sleep with the guy. You didn't fuck a guy. The guy fucked you. And wait, worth anything more. I'm getting fucked. You think you can get out of here? It's a bad idea. Get out of here. OK, I have another question. Wait, hold on. I need to address the situation. The situation at hand.  Situation at hand Yeah, all right, so we'll start with Go ahead wait, what's the question? Are you on a run? What is that? Yeah, we can skip the interview. Yeah, I don't have a really cool. Okay, Alexi. I don't either cool. Okay, Red Okay, go ahead, Slip. No, I got a response. I was just trying to make sure we all heard the same thing that he said. Yes. I don't think he's speaking about everybody though. Not every female But I mean he has a very interesting point. I really don't like how a men just have so much to say about women and how they started and how they're supposed to carry and You degrade yourself by fucking this person and that person. How many women have only fans and are married in your relationships? They're out here now. So I don't think a women's value goes down  if she is being fucked or passed around in this day and age holes are having fun holes are getting wiped holes are exactly there in okay so the women who are actually you know doing things that are doing the right thing they're gonna look they're getting looked over but the holes are having fun so I don't think that a woman loses her what I don't know the value if she's being passed around only fans I agree with and also you said that the nigga didn't fuck you if I didn't let he ain't fuck me I fucked him oh my goodness that's a new one bro I have a very important question I'm confused on if what's your answer no I just I disagree with the hose are having fun point because  don't get waived. Maybe they'll be with somebody who has money, but that doesn't necessarily make him high value. So if I'm a girl popping off and I get waived by a rapper who's still gonna cheat, but he has money but isn't high value. Still not really the same realm. Okay, let's go point. All right. I want nothing to say. All right. Cool. Okay. It's kind of a question to whatever God said. I'm looking at it from this point of view. It's maybe I'm wrong. So if yeah, you're gonna go sleep around and guys don't really give a fuck. He's gonna come back to you. I was trying to say in a perspective of the girl, but not sleeping around with different men. What if she gets another side? Nigger. Why is that still a part? No, no, no, no, no, no. It's one nigger. If you know, every time you go step out, I have my side piece waiting for me to step out too. Because if you're gonna play like that, I'm gonna play like that with my one man who I'm like, yo, what's the cause not here?  You know say so much wrong with that comes through Let me see this though is that guy decided to gonna pay your bills is that guy is that guy gonna take care of you You know what though? No, but no, no, this is the truth. This is the truth. I'm listening. Please you ladies Linus I mean this you guys just listen to with an open ear. I mean you can you you'll have your chance to rebut You know I'm saying obviously slim. We sell heard what you said I'll go ahead and you're good. I mean this with all respect and slim Thank you for giving me all your opposing viewpoints. I appreciate that very much. I do I appreciate it This good. I appreciate it and I mean but I and I mean this with all due respect absolutely no Praturization right but I am compared to all of you a relatively old man And I'm a well-lived man up into lots places and lots of things you know the most beautiful thing in the world is It's love and I mean this in a non in a non-cornie way when a man truly loves a woman and a woman truly loves a man And they're together right or die no matter what that is truly beautiful Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something a man can do things that men do  and still be completely obsessed and head over heels and love with his woman. I know as a fat number, what any of you say, if you take another dick, you will never love your man the same. I don't care what lie you try and tell. I don't care you saying all it was just sex, bullshit. You can't love your man to be sleeping with other men. And a man can truly be ready to die for a woman and sleep with another woman now. And again, I'm not saying he's going to have other relationships. I'm just saying he's married twice, but I'm saying if a man has a woman, and she's truly there for him, and he's out with the boys in another city one weekend, does something, it really truly doesn't matter. And if you think the answer to that is to run around a club and find somebody to fucking jizz in you, you have a problem with how you view the world. Because that is not how you build a relationship that you're going to be happy with in the long term. That's the truth. That's the truth. And make one more point. If you think you're going to get a high value guy and you're going to say to him, if you cheat, I mean, I'll fuck some nobody from the club. And he's going to stay with you right.  You're gonna end up lonely. I'm just not gonna have a no big G's gonna put up with that shit. Would you put up with that shit? Hell no. Good job Sam. I have no shit. It's garbage. It's not real. I wanna just say this real quick for the ladies on the panel. The thing is is that a lot of you guys think that many women are equal. And you know, hey, well, if he has sex with another woman, I'm gonna have sex with another guy. And that's okay if you're dealing with an average guy. He might accept that. You know what I mean? I always say normal guys typically are monogamous out of necessity. But if you're dealing with a guy that's higher status, higher income, etc. You gotta understand that he has the leverage because there's far less of him than there are of attractive women, which Andrew was explaining earlier, basic supply and demand. So if you want a higher status guy, which all of you guys pretty much described $100,000 a year automatically puts someone in the top 10% of all earners of the United States. That's not just women, men, gay men, lesbian women, everything. So if we're talking about a guy that's over six feet making $100,000 a year, etc. There's far less of him than of you. So any other thing too late.  I hate to say it, but a key that opens many locks is a master key. A lock that opens any key as a shitty lock. Sex is completely different for us than it is for you guys. We're able to have it detached. Now, I know some ladies in here are gonna say, my fuck, the bunch of guys detached. It doesn't matter. Yeah, but on a balanced probability, most women can't do that. And you probably have to bring yourself to certain space to be able to do it. It's a learn trait for you guys, whereas for us, it's natural to be able to detach from sex. Go ahead. And also, I can see as well that there's a kind of like struggle here. So for example, a lot of girls don't want to give up power, right? And power means, hey, you submit to a man and you give it all up. But they say, you know what? I could be a boss, be a two. I could do what I want to. And I could tell you, man, because guess what? I mean, I mean, when into as well. But a problem is that when you do that, now you're master of energy, you're challenging your amount of authority. And that was like a power struggle. So I would just say giving up authority to the right guy is a lot. Yeah, but this is the thing, the right guy. Because as a woman, this is your actual job. You're a job as a woman isn't, I refuse to give up power. Your job as a woman is, I'm gonna find a man worth.  giving up power to face that's the job as a of a female the job of females saying you know what I've looked at this man and Without my help. I've just met him. He's financially successful. He's got this right. He's got that right He's got that right his life's in order I don't have to yell at him to stop playing video games. Everything he's doing is right exactly He doesn't need he doesn't need babysitting. He doesn't need mothering. He doesn't need my help, right? I'm gonna be semi-submitted to this individual I'm gonna say you know what I'm gonna give up a degree of power to him because that's gonna create a dynamic in which he feels powerful He's happier. I feel taken care of and I'm happier if you come along to an individual who's truly self-made and say I'm Boss bitch, I make money He's just gonna say yeah, whatever and he's gonna bang you once or twice and that's the end of the game He's all interested in that shit very true. Thanks Yeah, no, I mean what it just comes down to ladies is that many women are very different and if you want a guy That's higher status. You're gonna have to share them. It's an uncomfortable truth that they have the leverage Now if you want a guy that's monogamous to you I'm gonna be loyal as a lot of you guys define loyalty  You're gonna have to date down and deal with a guy that's a little less higher status because he's gonna be Monogamous by you know by the necessity. Yeah, and also think about this right most guys Whenever I tell you it is because they want to just smash you. Yeah, they'll lie. They'll tell you we're telling you the truth because We got you care a little bit now I just have something to say sure. I feel like all men cheap poor or rich so Men that's rich in he's cheating on me because I Poor man's gonna do the same exactly Question especially My things Statement what he said question for us or no no question. Okay, I have a lot to say okay sure Okay, listen with my boyfriend now. I'm very submissive. Okay Like I do whatever he says blah blah blah blah like I take care of his  whatever but when I want to be sexually satisfied like for me personally I want to have sex with like women Yeah, I mean, but is that okay to a man? Yeah, I don't know I'm saying like he's like man, so you're saying you will leave your your boyfriend's presence go to see a girl Oh, no, no, no, I'm gonna give him together like okay, so for me like I'd like we do stuff together often so it's like I don't know like I don't mind But it's like what if I do something by myself with the girl like is that like a problem to you Like a man in general since you're talking so generally so when I'm boving your man. Oh, just you and a girl just in general like Yeah, basically, it's just me like I say like I'm horny like and I see a fine-ass girl And I'm like wow, I'm attracted to you and I like want to fuck or I guess I know how I asked her this bad you What'd you say you tell me to my face? Yeah  I don't think a man should be intimidated by a woman. Right, that's what I think too. But I also think a man should be worried that he can't sexually satisfy you. For real? No, no, no, no. I'm not saying it's a problem. I'm saying, like, let's say, like, see my boyfriend works for a cruise line, right? And he goes... Carnival? Royal? It's Norwegian. Norwegian? He goes out of town for months. But, like, let's say, like, I'm horny when he's gone. Like, what if I invite a girl over? You know what I'm saying? She's a roll-o-go-o-do-you. But I think that's a bad problem. It's never a man, because it's weird if it's a guy because I'm in love with him. I'm not saying. Oh my, wait, you just proved my point completely. Right. There's no point in this. No, no, no. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. And she takes them out. She did it. She just proved it. I loved my man, so I can't sleep with another man. That's right. So we can all just agree here. I'll be honest with you, Mabel. I'm just like, let me tell you what. I think I'm telling you that I'm okay too. I'm fine. And absolutely that is correct. He's always been.  Please thank you. Okay, one zero to take 100% agree that like if I fucking other minutes because I actually a feelings for him But I definitely but I'm asking like not if I personally like if I like like let's say like Valentina and I am like damn Valentina is gonna find And I fucker like is that see if you told if you told me about her and I met her and we cool and I know what it is However at the same time I feel like if if I'm out of town and Is this gonna be her? But you know what I might let it slide but at the same time it's kind of like a hell of a dish If I can satisfy you I feel like damn like like what's up? But it's not even that you can satisfy me. It's just that you're not there It's just mental not there. I feel like at the end of the day is all about communication Right you have a thought and after you gotta tell me okay, period. It's got to be What I think too would you do that? I I tell my word  I mean, don't worry about that. There you go. Whenever I want to do stuff with another girl, I tell my boyfriend, I'm like, yeah, like. And what did she say? He's like, okay. That's okay. My ex was not okay with it at all. That's stupid. He was jealous of a cheaper girl. Girl, I'll tell you why guys are jealous, because it's not because of girls. Men are not intimidated by girls. Girls, if a man is jealous in this particular situation, it's because he's intimidated by the idea of you being sexually open. That's what he is. You're sleeping with this girl, you're kissing this girl in the club, you're talking to people, saying your mind is open to the idea of having sex. Maybe it'll be a dude. That's what it truly is. No one's scared of the girl. That's what it actually is. And also, if you can, and if you're about it, bring them back to your boy. No, I love that. That way you can go through, no, girls are, because then it kind of like submits to that. You know what? It's fun. Because it's like, I get to enjoy both. Like, I'm more gay than that. Exactly. It's the excitement that I like. I was being there. But like, sometimes when I'm with a guy, like it's just like,  I wish I had titties and I don't know They're all fingers I got as wait hauled you again. I'm 22. Yeah, you're gonna stop being lesbian soon No, no, no, no, I've been lesbian since I was four I was lesbian before I was gay Let's try to keep this somewhere clean Question so wait, but you have a boyfriend, all right Yeah, this is like one of two boys. It's okay. I was like six great boyfriends Like six or seven boyfriends girlfriend some my life. Okay, okay, hold on hold on hold on hold on wait wait wait It's not the show. How many boyfriends do you have right now that you're dealing with oh one? I'm very monogamous. Okay, so you're monogamous to him, but you have girlfriends to right now no Okay, so you don't deal with the  women right now. No, unless like I find them attractive and I'm like, hey baby, like Kim and fuck her. Okay, so you define yourself as bisexual, but right now you're in a relationship with a man. Yeah. Question. Why a man right now if you're and why not a woman? To be honest, it's because like in this point in my life, like he's the one that I find attractive. But before him, I was dating a girl. Like, yeah, I've dated more girls than I have men, but it just depends on who I find attractive at that point in time. Very interesting. So does the dick give you good. So when you get dicked up, big down right? Like, does that mean anything to you? Oh, yeah. Oh my god. No, okay. So I only have a way to get into my life. But it's like when I choose to let you like dick me down, I guess, like you're saying like it's it's a big deal. I'm like, it's a big deal. It's a big deal emotionally. It is a way bigger video. That's what I'm saying. And that's what that's why it's like when when he finally does it, I'm like, okay, great, great, great. But then I'm like, okay, let's bring girls because like I want like a mixture of both. Well, I'm going to lay that's pretty pretty good deal for him.  Okay real quick guys we got 800 live viewers right now guys like the video how many likes we at right now Chris Okay, okay guys what the fuck bro you guys gotta get us out least we know the light at least but the little like you fucking ninja watchers So I don't want to stop the show get the likes up right now or else We're gonna put the masks on I'm gonna take my socks off right now Oh Oh I mean you know what as a matter of fact no no no we need more engagement. Yeah, so we're gonna get five thousand likes So we're gonna do right now is I'm going to shamelessly plug patreon and then we're gonna talk about the war room and corporate date calm so until we get the goddamn likes up and all your Instagram's and then all the ladies Instagram So we're gonna shamelessly sell things so right now I'm gonna play the annoying who wants to be a millionaire song right now, okay?  Until we get the likes up. I got likes are free man. Yeah, what the okay? Okay, so number one page I'm not gonna stress it where you guys could see us kick a girl an annoying girl out of a Range Rover not physically Of course we had to do it, you know verbally cuz we live in 2021 and yeah, you guys will see all the crazy entitlement in that video Yep, and then Andrew can you tell them about the world? I can tell you all about the war and I'm gonna try and get very very simple with my pitch if you watch the matrix like the video If you watch the matrix when Morpheus says you don't look for me or no you say you look for me But I find you right the war room is to wake you up from the matrix. That's what I teach so we teach I don't want to take exactly what we teach because of what we teach But if you're looking for an escape from the matrix if you're smart enough to understand There's more to the world than you see around you than you join the war room at Cobra take dot gone boom Okay, so we'll go around the table. We'll start with the couch first. Yes, ladies play your Instagram and or your only fans We'll tell you when I'll start with you first. Issa. It's a little baby. You already know this  I'm a pool guy. Yeah, lovely show. So give her a follow guys and send her a dick pick Oh, I got one yesterday. No I was so scared guys like the video or else we're gonna continue to shamelessly sell things and we will not continue Conversation like the guy the MV will give us a 5,000 likes are 7,000 280 units watching right now We lost a thousand that's fine. Like that video. Let's go ahead. I'm your YouTube My YouTube is like CNCC all and my Instagram is like see Wagner 12 cool cool My answer YouTube to watch your trombachines. Yes, red while Claudia not wild w. Oh, Okay, is that it? Yeah, okay, all right. What about your streaming service? Yeah, didn't you ever? Oh, Bingo I go into the name Jessica because I like Jessica rabbit And I got the red hair you go for the good. Yeah, yeah, so I believe it's all we underscore wow Jessica B go B I G. Oh, if you want to see her in the pool get the lace up. Yeah, yeah, get the likes of y'all was saying Why are you trying to torture us?  Not gonna be there, like... Okay, um, uh, slim. Yes, you can follow me on Instagram at so pretty slim. That's me. Okay, and if you have sex with another girl, she's gonna cheat on you back. Just remember that. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. You both have friends with you, right? You both have friends? No, just me. No, no, down below. Okay, good. Ah! Why you gotta humiliate that? Yeah, no, no, I just have to get the sound effect. What's your Instagram and or whatever you're selling, not only fans, whatever, maybe you're a bit... All right, IG is at CCOPP AG underscore. Um, depending how many DMs come in, I'll make an only fans tonight. There you go. Okay, okay, okay. Guys, this is a video where we will continue to see how many stuff we need. 5,000 likes. How many likes are you on right now, Chris? Uh, 4,000 likes. Okay, likes. What? 4.1? 4.1? Okay, guys. Get us a 5,000, guys. Get us a 5,000. My Instagram's Malice.  to underscore sores and I don't have any nails. Okay, okay cool there right there. I also don't have anything else just Instagram. Wait wait wait wait. What's this? Okay, it is a long draw. How do I spell it? It says no need so he could type it. A long draw L.A. and D.R.A. No, oh, oh and... Ah, see this is why it's important we work together. I have no idea what you're at a long draw. R.C.I.Z. Z. It's a legendary. Here you are. It's a real Instagram gentleman. That's a real Instagram to give up. Find a home message. Hey, that's a blue check and all ladies. Yeah, I'm joking on. All right, Miss Kenya, go ahead. We need 5,000 likes. God damn it. We're going to keep going around the table. Give us 5,000 likes right now. 4.2. 4.2. My Instagram's Gabriella N.D.U. N.G.U. Gabriella N.D.U. Gabriella N.D.U. That's it. That's a lot of help. Okay. You know, people in charge say it's a pimple. All right. You see? My Instagram.  is Y-I-T-S-I-T-A-X-O. Okay, anything else? Anything else? Yeah, out of me too. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, you're gonna let her do that. Listen, that's a piece. I know her since she was 14, 13, so. I think you two should have like a pole competition. No, I will add you. I will add you, but you know what? I'm such a gentleman. I don't want to come across the internet. Like, I'm just taking random girl. Like, I'm some kind of... You better do it now, though. Well, no, no, no. You know what? But do you have a girl you're going home to? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's stop. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. Too many questions. Let me explain candidly, because we're on fresh and fit, the exact situation. What I was gonna do is make a bunch of jokes and be smart and then take...  Your instant, but then you said I better I now because I'm an aggressive man Like you threatened me No, I won't what's your zodiac sign? I'm an area's where fire where fire 5,000 likes guys get us a 5,000 likes, um, okay, I miss um miss a We're all bisexual here Miami in the world My Instagram is champagne pocket like Drake, but with pocket like the Japanese candy. Oh my goodness And my I have only friends you guys it's a it's we boo wh e b o o Instagram is xo Tina ti and a and then the letter M exotina  Okay, how many likes we got now Chris and guys for guys guys what the fuck man Yeah, you know what video get us a 5,000 likes follow my own upload fit to tease follow me freshman seal Yeah, follow Chris aancy Pogsson trade trade talk sports also follow large a studios in the back Oh, yeah, we have a whole Casey Redbeard in the back Casey. Yeah, and we got a way in the back to wait from yesterday Also follow V yep, it's me underscore Vendetta V underscore vendetta she was on the show yesterday boom Like the video get us a 5,000 likes so that we can get into this conversation 4.5. Okay, okay, what? You know what guys are we gonna play an annoying music? See me  Video bro like the video get some five thousand likes cuz I know damn well I'm gonna push it out for the thanks to her saying something about four years old is something else that I'm gonna repeat Like the goddamn video comment subscribe You'll fuck up your fuck subscribe to our boy And to take you to channel takes beach and take confidential those are his two YouTube channels follow him Instagram Covertate one word. That's his Instagram. We'll check you'll know Tim. Yes, and what and then covertate calm, right? Is where the war was Okay All right, fair enough. Come on back to the conversation that we're having before go ahead. So Basically, right Ladies knows your turn. Well, she know what you guys right now. It's questions are ready. So awesome that's question a bit more spice here so What is your ideal thick size oh and Which it's tell me specifically Or you like in the bedroom  In terms of leg, do you like doggy, missionary? Okay. So we'll start around here. Easy, easy. Cool. So we'll start here. 7.5 plus is fine. Inches? Yeah. 25. Okay. Should you definitely find black eyes? Oh, so Arabs. Arabs? Okay. No, no, no, stop. I'm not working. I'm not working. There's no Arabic. That kind of increase. That's right. An actor. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Can I say something? Abu Dhabi? Yeah. Abu Dhabi. Let me tell you. All right. You told me how you know, and I'll tell you how, why I think I know. Why would I know about things? Oh, tell me. What? I said it earlier. You. My ex boyfriend is there. Okay. And he was almost like nine inches. Okay. That's fine. Cool.  like I ran a webcam studio. So I had a bunch of, no this is true. I had a women who worked for me on webcam and we ran a studio as a big operation, right? And the dudes with the smallest mix. We're obviously the Chinese and second were your friends there. Sorry, sorry, that's true, right? And then there was always some dude from Congo like Boston house. Make the camera, make it the camera go black. Okay, my friend, you know what I mean? Okay, all the girls told me. I know. Okay, I watched your favorite position in the bedroom. It depends, guys. Like if I'm in love with him, like, you know, the missionary and like stare at each other and passionate, but you know, it's just like bye bye. Yeah, from the back. Okay, that's how I would do you. Okay, guys. My friend, what is the question? What is the question? What do you know?  I like it better. Make it very specific. Do you prefer with or girf? And then what's your favorite position in the bedroom? Okay. Definitely girth because it feels bigger, like sliding in. Okay. But position, I don't know, it depends. It really depends. I'm super into this bondage shit, so it depends on what position they have. Okay. Probably from the ceiling. No, ceiling on like, I don't know, on like a piece of furniture. I don't even know what position to call that. What do you call that? Wait, I'm pretty surprised. I think it's that position. I think it's that position. Oh man. It's like hanging like, um, who are you? Who are you? I'm pretty surprised that I'm all the fans. Who is it sitting in? I said a whore. No, but I'm just kidding. No, no, no, no. We support whores. No, I'm joking. But like, I'm kinky, but only kinky with like the boy that I love. You know what I'm saying? Okay.  I'm sure of that. Okay. Okay. Okay. My favorite position straight up is doggy style. Like fuck me in Guadrero. And like, um, I prefer a fat cock over a long cock. So, you said a fat cock. I'm like, oh, wait, that's now. Okay. Okay, let's get you. Um, I like it average, not too big, not too small. Uh-huh. And I have two favorite. I like doggy style. I love, I like being choked, like doggy style. And I like riding. Okay. Yeah. Megan knees. Here we go. Here we go. So, I like being aggressive or having sex. So I like any type of position. Missionary would have to top it though. Okay, missionary. Missionary would have to pop it. And then how do you top mission? Not because when your soul's collide. You like me? Not I like you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You like me? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  You know what I want to see I want a thousand eyes for send us up I got a couple million the banks I'm a millionaire bro you gotta pay me man The girls gotta pay me nuts the guys so so okay Let's go ahead I'm gonna say girl. Yeah, oh Well, I prefer black man so Black men are long and girthy  I'm so sorry. Yeah, you wouldn't know oh my god. Wait what? What go ahead? I was saying the longer and the fighter the better Okay, okay, and they won't put you in oh Like a rough oh, look at rough okay. Oh, she likes it with the one Lego. Oh, he's taking love My night writers in the chat y'all niggas winning bro 2021 okay cool, okay, I'm gonna need the combo the length and the girth Doggy hand around the neck and then hand in my mouth as well Fingers, you know, yeah, here he is the whole hands. Okay. Are you a night writer? I get a Wait in the start I didn't hear it Yes, there you go. Yeah, she likes the finger fingers in a mouth man. You'd be watching a lot of this, huh? Okay Okay, I'll swim go ahead I'm warm the girth side Side there is the session  is too much dick. Okay. Mm-hmm. It's true. And it hurts. This is why you never go to law. And it hurts. And as far as the position, missionary is so toxic. Oh, I can argue. Please explain and argue. Like you said, you're good. Wait, hold on. I know. When I stop the show, stop the show. Did you say missionary is toxic? It's toxic, it's toxic, it's toxic. Like you're going to tap. You're going to tap. You're going to tap. Look at each other in the eyes, your heart beat like it's each other. It's toxic. That's what sex is for. That's what sex is for. No, no. Don't listen to me. Get the brain. Get the brain. Get the brain. Wait. Okay. Let me get a few minutes of city girls. Pia. All day. Max Dallion. Cardi B. All day. Holy shit. Okay. Fair enough. Okay. And then miss a talk.  I'm hanging off the bed. Okay. Okay. I'm curious though. What's your preference thing, Dice? I'm curious. What do you mean? Like, I don't really have a preference. Like, if I talk to you and I like you, I don't really have a preference. Okay. So personality. Personality, I'm a more... Do you like thugs? Um... That's yes. You're going ready. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I like the average. I mean, you can beat my pussy up, but just like not too much. No. I want to last until tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? So, um... Wait, but don't you believe in the saying that you fucked until... Because you might not wake up tomorrow? Uh-huh. Okay, never mind. Go ahead. Okay, so the average size and missionary, I don't know how it's toxic, but you know... I love you. I don't know. No. Okay. Uh, Lexi? I'm going to say average is my choice too big. I can be a little too much. And...  is my favorite because I like to be passionate, kissin, touchin. You know, I was not surprised. You definitely give off a missionary of only vibe. For sure. Yeah. My favorite is she fallin in love. Okay, cool. Alright, awesome. And then Isah, baby. I say doggy style. I would say average because sometimes a little girthy is just like, I'm small but girthy just be too like squishy if that makes sense. I like you much, touchy. I like you more like, like hard like you gotta be cool with the pack. You gotta be quite layered with all that crazy stuff. Yeah, you definitely like the black guys too. You're right. We got a couple girls in here that are nightriders. I could see it already, bro. Hey, man, David Hasselhoff's in the house. Okay. Okay. Alright, ladies, so what does this what would do? So what would you guys ask us? Oh, yeah, I'll hit super chats. And then ladies, you can ask us a question, including Andrew. Dating sex, whatever you want. Yeah, this is your chance to ask a millionaire. Hey, what do you look for in a girl? Yeah. Okay, so.  Cali Papa chunks, the three between the three between the realist and fresh got an A1 mentality, but it's still early that probably go on slip. Okay. You three have the best mentality. And then N.O.K.R. and a super sticker 200. Thank you so much. Guys, reading 15 of just to make sure we don't mess too much with the show. More money. 100 ours for more money. Fresh and Fitz work, I think is beyond amazing. Your success is no accident to help our boys in the manosphere. I made a video on how to retire in just 15 years using Uber Eats YouTube more money. Okay. That's a long process though. That's really long, bro. Andrew Gatau, 50.000 for the Kenyan. Can you read that? Can you read that? Yeah. And he says basically he's asking where I'm from. So I'm from Nairobi. Okay. They love her in the chat. They love her in the chat. Yeah, go ahead and shoot your shot, man. What's your Instagram again? Gabriella and D.U. and you Gabriella and Dunga. Cool. Okay. Billion the Mars 50.000. This 50.000 is a fresh investment in a taser. I felt so bad for you, man. Aloha wasn't able to catch us alive, but that chick was tripping. Bro, she was wild.  Dude yeah fresh got fresh to you guys know The video for again. Can't take his own patreon. Oh, yes. Yes, Jonathan Baronville 50 hours goddamn Andrew the same back that Drop bombs okay fair enough. I was like think I like wait wouldn't Awake in samurai 50 hours these BT 1000 keep proving why they are the least married no man wants to put up with Some confused masculine woman. Oh, that's a shot at you slim slim. You got a rebuttal to that Totally missed it. Okay basically said that no one wants to put up with masculine women like yourself What's your rebuttal to that? masculine woman um he's referring to his masculine. I'm cocking a gun for you say son dammit. It sounds like he's a pussy All right pen 50 dollars. I'm not messing around with someone who's living her hot girl summer Just nah, I just can I can choose to be picky because I made and other high-value men feel the same way facts Okay, and then we got what MD hundred hours ladies why did  Miss independent Beyonce except infidelity from Jay-Z yet preaching to the left the cap is real. Ooh. That's true. She had more to lose though. At that time. But think about it. They build an empire together. No, no, no, no, no, ladies, the reality is that because Jay-Z can replace her easily where she cannot replace her easily. She doesn't play Jay-Z easily, too. Remember, we're close with kids, right? We're who, we're who. Please tell me who. Okay, but Beyonce though. What is the thing that, what other billionaires can you place? No, but I'm asking. I'm asking, what is it that replaces Jay-Z so easily, like the money? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Here's the thing, ladies, ladies. Yes, if you would stop interrupting me, I'll tell you. So the reason why what Andrew's saying earlier that higher value men have the leverage is this, as a woman makes more money, it's more cloud, it becomes more famous, per pool of candidate shrinks. She's not able to date-  below her. She's richer than most musicians and most guys don't measure up to her status. Women don't date down. However, Jay-Z can bang an 18 year old all day because men don't give a shit about how much money women makes for her clout or status or anything else like that. So Jay-Z can easily replace her because there's far more attractive women than there are high value men. However, Beyonce cannot replace him. So she made smart decisions and said, listen, I'm going to get another fucking Jay-Z. This comes with the territory of dealing with men of this caliber. I'm going to accept it and as long as I'm the main check, I'm cool with it. And the only guy I can think of that she can replace him with a guy. He is a guy in Dubai, but it's probably old. But it's not just money. This is the point. It's not just money. When it comes to the perspective, I get a message. No, but it's not just money. It's not just money. It's status. It's status. How you going to find a guy at Jay-Z as much as I even dislike to do, right? He's the most legendary dude in the music career. She's a music woman. She wants another guy more legendary in music than Jay-Z. Exactly. Like how? That's what I get there. That's it. Yeah. So where'd it go?  There's nowhere to go so that everything my one sense completely true. Jay Z could just replace her with a harine 118 year old He can do it right she can't replace him That's the reality of the game at the top as a man and I know most women are unfamiliar with that and have They're confused when they hear that because the majority of men don't live in that space, right? But if you're actually competing for a top level man the number one thing he wants to see from you is loyalty Regardless right or die. I'm telling you now. I know high level men who cheat just to make sure his girl won't leave That's the only reason he's even doing it and that's the super games about can I say something? Yeah, sure go ahead maybe okay. Okay. Let's think like let's say somebody like Britney Spears, you know Okay, she's dead in some irrelevant us Boy, you know what I'm saying like has 20,000 followers. She makes like millions of dollars a year But she's dead in him because like he gives her love Britney I know a lot about Britney  crazy is this sound. That was a bad example. A girl I was seeing about six months ago was obsessed with, they took Brittany's money and they locked her up and they medicated her, watch her on Insta. I'm watching Brittany on Insta. I still watch her to this day, right? So what? She is Craig Craig. Brittany's lost her mind, right? So Brittany's medicated to how far she's spending. So don't talk about Brittany, right? She's dating that dude. He has 1.2 million followers to begin with. And two, she has. He's medicated to Alver Mimes. So don't talk about Brittany. And here's the other thing, two ladies. Women always love to use the exception to the rule or the anomaly. Like the thing is, is that most women can't date down. Most women refuse to date down. That's why all of you guys, we ask you how much money do you want? You mentioned a man that makes more money than you. What was that? Is that true? Yes, it's biological fact. Women tend to date at least at their level, if not higher. Yeah, but this is, this is your point. That's your point for making more money than you. No, my boyfriend. Yeah. Okay.  Until I like graduate from college then only like 10,000. No, but my wrong point is super valid because you have to understand something right female female beauty and I'm gonna throw this in there female loyalty is worth so much money When people say like a billionaire I agree with my wrong a billionaire is above a 19 year old 10 right and in the metrics of how you value people the billionaire He's billion she doesn't but really if you actually value it a billionaire with a boat And a 19 year old 10 who's a virgin are actually in many ways the same value. Yeah, this is the reality of the world right? Yeah, so so my wrong saying is true if you actually look at what a woman does a woman will never date down But a woman who's beautiful and a woman who is loyal and a woman who knows how to find a man She respects and behave accordingly They actually have Massive value. Yeah, and that's worth the same amount as billions of dollars So that's what you consider a high valued woman a high value woman is a woman who was right or died That's what the whole things  about since the dawn of time. How about you woman is this? Me and you are walking down the street together. Some guy tries to take your hand back, I smash him into face. I catch a murder charge because I punch like that, right? And this is a true story. And she stays with you. And she's in the jail cell. She's there seeing me every weekend for seven years. She ain't touching another dude. Let me tell you something. Most of what you girls are talking about, I'm horny, I'll go fuck this guy, blah, blah, this shit. Why am I gonna catch a murder charge for a chick? Who's gonna go fuck another guy, I'm gonna jail cell to protect her life. I am doing that. If I'm with a chick, it's for real. And maybe I'm just old now, right? I am playing games with chicks, unless I truly believe there's a chance we're gonna be forever for real. And when for real means, I might catch a charge. I'm that guy. I might do it. If you can't look at your woman and know with certainty, she will wait for you as long as it takes. What the fuck you buying dinner for? This is the trick. So you're talking about fucking this dude and we're equal and I'll run here and fuck this.  I'm gonna entertain. That's the last thing in a million years, I'm gonna entertain in a million years. You're so cheap, don't hear them. It doesn't, listen to this. You gotta think about what you say with open mind. It's not cheating. It's genuinely not, and you know what? If I had a woman who was truly for me, I wouldn't even be chasing other girls. I'm not even saying I would do it. You guys are thinking I'm out here saying, if I have a girl on a cheat in every week, I'm not saying that. My point is this, if I did, if I did, it would be in no way comparable to a female having sex with another man. In no way comparable, it wouldn't be on the same page. It would be a completely separate event. It wouldn't even be comparable. They're different things. I got a question for the ladies right now. I got a question for the ladies, okay? So guys, so let's pretend, right? Let's go into a dream world, okay? Mm-hmm. All right, dream world, okay? I take you on a first date, right? And let's say that, you know, I'm not exactly your type, but good enough for a first date, right? So you show up on a first date. I got a helicopter there. I-  I give you some flowers, we go and do a tour of Miami, go fly over the city and everything else like that. Then I say, hey, I got reservations for Nusrarette, for some of you guys that don't know, that salt-based restaurant, right? Thousand dollars, steaks and all that bullshit. We go over there, we get some steak, then I take you shopping, you spend $10,000, et cetera. And this is the first day, you don't know me. You know what I'm saying? And I've done all this stuff for you. But how would you feel? You know? You feel good, okay. But real talk, would you fuck me that night? Probably. Yes. Oh, man. You're doing all that stuff for me? Yes, to be honest. But I know what. It depends on how hard it is. You don't have to, you don't have to, but. I know the point my runs making me. Yeah, I know. I don't think that's true. I've had good, I've had good, I've had good. I've had guys that have taken me to expensive restaurants that I didn't vibe with and I did not fuck. And I've had guys that have taken me to cheap restaurants that I did live with that I didn't have. Okay, the point of the matter is, you know what? Thank you for saying that. How, why did you-  you not fuck those guys that took you to those nice places and spent all that money on you. Because they were weird and awkward and just like I didn't like my emotional connection with them was not enough for translation for the woman. She did not respect them. Right. Because the guy went ahead and gave his resources for free for no goddamn reason. He had no sauce. Exactly. So ladies. So if I take you on a crazy date like that, spend all those money. You can spend all that money on that other stuff. Yeah. But the thing is that nine at a 10 times a guy that spent does the most on a first date like that that you barely know you're not going to respect them. You're not going to fuck you're not going to want to fucking you're not going to be a rouse by him, etc. And the CSS. Okay. Well, yeah, but if he has sauce, he'd take you somewhere cheap. He wouldn't need it. He wouldn't need to help. You would need to do all that extra shit. So the point is this, ladies, you guys could say on paper, oh, I want a guy to bring me flowers all the other shit. No, it doesn't work. Because nice guys finish last for a reason. They finish last because women don't respect them. Women only fuck guys that they respect first. So that's what it's got to be. So with that said, if I part ways with my resources time.  I am in attention for free, right? By taking on these exclusive first dates and you don't even fucking know me, you're not gonna take me seriously. That's exactly how men feel about women that give sex away easily. You know what I'm saying? Because I have to give you guys an example. You go on a first date with a guy and shows you all this extra shit. You're like, hmm, this is fun, but I'm not gonna fuck this guy. As a matter of fact, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna make him take me out on three or four, five dates. Yep. So I can continue to get free things and see I see some of the girls here laughing because you've all been on dates with men that you had zero intention of fucking, but you went out with them on multiple dates. That's true. Correct? That's exactly how men feel about women that give sex away very quickly like that. And I hate to say like that, but that's why I had to give you guys a comparison because you guys think it's apples, it's apples and apples. No, no, no, it's apples and oranges. What about guys who give sex away quickly? Okay, men don't get us to the palette. We're different. Oh my goodness. We're different. We're different in every regard. I don't know how else to explain this. We're different in every regard. Why are we not equal? Why are we not equal? I'll tell you why we're not equal. Biologically.  when I equal. You can have children. I can fight, right? We're different. Do you agree that we're biologically different? Or do you think you're as strong as men? No, of course not. Okay, well, there you go then. So there we go. So we already have a biological difference. So I give the protector and I'm like the brisk. No, we have a biological difference. And if you have a certain biology, wouldn't you agree that your biology lends to your mentality? Right. Okay. So we have a different biology and a different mentality. Do you agree? Yeah. Okay. So we're not equal. Done. Next. I have a question. I have a question. Um, for the man, what do you guys consider a high valued man? Is it looks? Is it money or is it both? Or I mean, what's your opinion on that? I'm just curious on what you guys as a man thinks a high value man is. I'm going to go first CEO or me. Yeah, you can go first. You know what I truly think a high value man is? A high value man is is doing something which nearly, okay, it's a few things, right? So there's there's the obvious evolutionary triggers. The easiest way to be a high value man is a man who's capable of violence. We look at it from a biological trigger. Doesn't matter. He's got muscles or he's big or he's tall, whatever. Women understand.  from a biological perspective, they like a man who can fight. It doesn't matter if your man had money, a Ferrari, everything. But if you knew for a fact, if any dude stepped to him, he'd get sparked, you wouldn't want him, right? So that's the first thing. No. But no, you need a man to fight. But really, truly to answer your question, I think the true value of a high, the true marker of a high value man is a man who could say no to pussy. And I mean this on a genuine level. Here's the problem, here's the problem you girls don't understand. All the lower level dudes, you say, I don't want a high value man who cheats, stuttered out. If you got a lower value guy, how she'd up with anybody? He'll fuck anything. He has no choice. If you get high value guy, at least he has the option to say no to something. Wait, what's this nigga? Get out. Andrew. That's right. Is he saying, I mean, is he saying my name? I don't know who this guy is. No, my first. What the fuck? What the fuck? What's going on? Don't give a fuck. We're doing a fucking podcast.  Frank get out of here Chris get the fuck out of here How did he get in here? I don't know, fucking weirdo He's trying to fight you He's trying to fight you You need to try to fight me You're gonna say, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna fight you I think you can fight you I think you can fight you Oh, it's not a fight, I'm just gonna call the fucks he want I thought he just said he's trying to fight Oh shit, guys I'm not a world fucking four time world I'm not a world fucks It's a world champion of chess Dogecoin Dogecoin is a world fucking world Guys, don't mind me, don't mind me I put 500 dollars in Dogecoin It's an 8 grand right now guys There are probably more here Somebody do the bottom line one I bought points at one Especially in the camera I bought points at one Who is that? Follow me on Instagram Y-I-T-S-I-T-A-N-S-O  Follow me I'm champagne pocket like Drake but with How did he find What's a I'm gonna take my walk job. Okay, so I have to change my life fucking big. This shit happens. You know what happened Just so this guy is his fan right? He was a hamster. So you that's crazy He find the room Guys you wanna see what what's happening?  Somebody told him That's great. I'm so confused It's fine Listen listen listen I live ready right? Yeah, you catch you on the street. I live ready That's that's the man I am I live ready. We'll talk for about half a second He's gonna to win it I The punch first you punch I need more that Okay What the fuck is going on? I got threatened just like that was not lesbian We didn't can see it We're private Okay What is going on right now, Brian? Yeah  I wanted to say something in regards to what he said. Yeah, you can't say that and speak for all females. Wait, what are we going to say? What are you saying? What are you saying? What are you saying? You put me on the spot. Oh, going back to what you were saying, what I was saying before is like, if I take a girl on an extravagant first date, her losing respect for me. Sorry, sorry, sorry, I really hate to interrupt. What if they gave you? Sorry, sorry, sorry. I thought men and women were equal. There was a crazy dude. There was a crazy man at the door. And a single woman stood up to fight. Why is that? I mean, I thought you were a kid. I'm a bad guy. I'm a bad guy. I want to fought. I'm a bad person. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to. I want to fight. I want to fight. I want to fight. I want to fight.  Ty Quant Ho I'll take her and stomp sorry No 15490 a bunch of us became the bloke on the couch watching Netflix a lack of respect for men plus boutique womanism My home was torn in half Colbert is not wrong. It's a paradigm shift time preach Thank you very much And then we got a sea jacks hundred hours. Thank you so much to black girls are the only ones who disagree interesting in most countries Pramyskios women are looked down on only the modern strong independent black woman thinks she can do oh He's coming out at race thinks she can do whatever she wants you to clearly need  some Kevin Samuels in a life period. Slim, do you got a shot back at that? Why I always got a clap back, I'm chill. Well, he's that black woman, so that's why I'm like saying, you know. Okay, CJ, go to him. Okay. Okay. Miss Kenya, you got a rebuttal too. I like Slim, man. I like Slim. She don't bat off for nothing. I agree with her. That's probably my ex. That's probably my ex because my ex is from CJ, bro. Oh, wow. I want to make something clear. You know what, Slim, even Slim, even though we disagree on nearly every point, you've been a very polite young lady. Always. You have. You've been a very polite young lady and you're a very, you're a nice person. And I have no problem disagreeing with you on certain points. And I still think you're a very nice young lady. And if any more crazy, if any more crazy men come to door, I'll fuck them up. There you go. I'm so glad that I'm on the fucking camp here. You were like, you was right. He was trying to play. He was like, no, no, no, no. I will protect every person in his building. You wake up one into five. No, you know what? You know what? You know what? You're weird for me in America because in America.  America they have guns and the problem is when I get shot I get really mad And I'm saying like it ruins my shirt From no one has guns really besides me, right? It's in the car usually so we're on from no one has guns So for me it's easier because when it's on it's on so there's only four of them no guns I'm fucking they don't stand a chance right? Okay, who is this crazy motherfucker doesn't that scare you a bit about America though that crazy motherfucker? This is why next time I come to the United States. I'm gonna organize right now Next day I'm straight We need to get all this country's crazy, bro. It's country's crazy. I don't know. He got up here Yeah, I don't know I guarantee he's waiting for you to go downstairs So You guys think women should be sure He he guys he wasn't he wasn't he wasn't he was a drunk and I told him you got to leave and he was like I'm gonna leave and then did he just open the door just being slow about it. He's probably  on this. It's fine. It's fine. Just walked in with the next door. He told me to go to the building. He's there. All right, building the Mars 50-dars. Take definitely hitting that tonight. Oh, hilarious. Okay, official. Don't talk about my girl though. There we go. He goes. Can I get it down to Markle? It's all about territory from men. No man wants another man invading his lady. It's not about possession. It's about we earned you and we you agreed we earned you. So there you go. Um, penny pop a triffit again. They all say one thing but loving that oxyc masculinity means toxic all over brother classic right before our eyes love it exactly. Thank you. Um, Emirabel, Tron, $50. Take California State University's plan to make beer, blood vaccines mandatory this fall as a student. How can I avoid this requirement? Fresh if it thanks for tonight's show. I'll tell you no longer ninja watching. I'll tell you how sorry to drop. I'll tell you how. You join the war room because in the war room we have this magic ability to get vaccine certificates after we've made sure you've had the vaccine. There you go. Thank you. Yo, I'm gonna get in there, bro. I guess pro vaccine or against vaccine. Nega, what did you say? Haha, I can't wait.  I said, are you pro vaccine or against vaccine? No, I heard you the first time. We can, okay, you know what I'm talking about? The vaccine in a second. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Okay, Kenneth Van Huden, 50 dollars demand the myth the legend, corporate say, always spend facts 100% going to apply to join the war room once I get verified. Millionaire status, cool. And then official contrast, 50 dollars, these ladies will never settle for an average man. They're all too beautiful to realize. Thank you. The guy is just hoping for the one day, keep chasing the top 10%. But those guys, those good guys lose. Yep, very true. And then Brad, hello, fresh fit, cobertates. You are the most popular in Kazakhstan. Oh, wow. Your message, no, it's definitely, it's a troll. Your message is a five bergamy. It's very true even here in Kazakhstan to get woman. You, attention, you need at least five goats. If you have ten, you can be king of castle. You know what, you know what's funny? You know what's funny? I've been to Kazakhstan. So I've actually been there. He's like, I've had five goats and I've had ten ladies. Yes, I've had. I've been there. I've done that. Okay, Kenneth Sherry, 50 dollars. Steve Jobs has gone in Tim Cook place for the other team. Melinda Gates is a.  gonna find another Bill Gates she's dating down for buying a dog absolutely and then last little Mac 50 dollars reality check women number one I've never met a man in my life who doesn't cheat number two and most states the woman cheating is a get out of marriage free card for a man who's now able to divorce and leave you with half of nothing number three time is on the man side not yours. Um, yeah real quick. Yeah, someone said that I was stage. That was the first. The whole back of the minute. What the? Yo, I wrote up chat. You all know that this is by go to jail just now. This is his life right. So nothing here is actually stayed. This is all real time. Right ladies. Yes, all real. So. So. Unfortunately, yeah. What did you say? Our key. No quick. What? It blighted out for me. What did he say? Never mind. Okay. I want to clear something for a lot of viewers. The guest in the studio takes kicks and punches and knocks people out to make millions. All the losers in the chat talking trash have probably never taken a punch in their lives except for the girl who controls them. Very true for the day. They're there that don't know who Andrew Taylor. I mean, you know what? I genuinely, I want to say this. I want to say this from the.  I have absolutely no problem with people disagreeing me or disliking me. It really genuinely does not bother me. And I am happy for anyone to disagree with me in a civil way. And I'm happy for anyone to insult me in the chat. It truly doesn't bother me. You're like a double. Yeah, if you have something to say, then say it. It's no problem. Yeah. And here's the thing. For all the people out there that say that like, oh, myron, you just argue with girls. And you don't show, listen, me and Slim don't agree. But I respect her. You know what I'm saying? She's here and she can have her points and everything like that. We can agree to disagree. And it's completely fine to have respectful discourse. You know what I'm saying? So arguing is healthy. And also, let me just define myself as well. The baby. Yeah, go ahead. So they said it on Twitter. I don't lay black girls. I actually like Slim. So he's the way. He's the way. He's the way. It's a preference. And now it's not race contingent. It's person contingent. Exactly. This is Billion, $50. I got mad respect for, say, LOL's definition of testosterone. Okay, real quick. Vaccine. Yes or no? Okay. Honestly, honestly, hell no. Okay. Because we don't know what's in there. Yeah. Why are you looking directly at me? Because you...  I was a question. I never said I was positive positive negative. You're gonna use a CV 19. You don't know what's in your one and then two. I never said I was against it. I'm answering your question. So don't like directly. And then never. I mean, you can't if you want to. Anyhow, boy. Okay. Yeah, uh, yeah, just give us a quick answer. I'll go for you last because I know you got a good point on this. We said no. I'm fully back. I have the Pfizer vaccine. Oh, shit. Okay. That's why I can travel so much. Okay. Fair enough. No problem. Miss Colombia. I wouldn't do it. You don't know what's in there. They have no vaccines for cancer. Well, they probably do, but you know, it's money, but I wouldn't do it. It was too quick for them. Okay. Miss Colombia, part two. Colombia. Oh, you're not Colombian? Cuban in the minute. Cuban in Dominican. Oh, shit. Yeah. Okay. So, uh, yeah. Well, um, yes or no? No. No. All right. Cool. Um, Miss Kenya. No, but uh, if you want to do it, do it. All right. Uh, you see.  personally speaking as a nurse I had a cold. Yeah, and I'm not getting the vaccine. Oh shit. Okay. Uh Um, personally actually I don't have it because I don't want to have it because I feel like I'm a lab breath. Cool. Red cool. Yeah. No, no, no. Okay. Slim. No, but my family at home, they're all vaccinated. Okay. Um, Lexi. Oh, not get the vaccine. Hell no. And then isa. Well, I worked in a medical office. So I would say no, but they force you. Okay. They didn't force me at all, which is honestly insane because I was actually doing I was first hands with doing the COVID testing and doing that literally hands on. Mm. But I would I wouldn't personally do. I don't like. I don't like taking medicine at all, even when I'm sick. I like my body to fight off. Yeah. Okay, let's change the topic. That's a good thing. I'm just gonna have the ladies ask Andrea a question. No, no, I mean, because we can't send the word over. No, we're again. Oh yeah. Yeah. No question. Yeah. So ladies can't send a question.  I don't know from you two, right? Oh, wait, oh, that's it. Say, say, say, say. I wanna get Andrews. We'll just call it CV19 for YouTube purposes. Served. 19, yeah, beer bug, yep. Why would I get a vaccine against something that can't hurt me anyway? Because you're not all that. Why would, that would be infantile. That would show that I have fallen for the propaganda. Mhmm. Because there's been nothing in human history which had a propaganda spin and a PR company like Barebug. I've never seen a global campaign to convince the world that something that isn't dangerous is dangerous besides this particular disease. And I don't see why I should take an experimental vaccine for something which I know can't hurt. Hang bangs, boom. Okay, so ladies, we're gonna turn it over to you guys. We'll start with Issa. Questions for Andrew, more of the panel. The guy. Before the whole crazy dude came in, I was asking on what you considered a high value man, but you guys kind of got an- Okay, so I just really want to know your- So any kind of-  about a little bit. Yeah, go ahead before we, uh, before we were gonna kill that guy, but he left this fine. He left peacefully. No one, no, no, no. Okay. Not, but you know, all the way. How would you kill him? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the chain or the K. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I was going to find a size woman. Second easy. Okay. Uh, go ahead, Andrew. You got it. Hi, value man. It's all subjective, right? If you're, if you're a lower value woman, you can find a lower value man, a high value man. It's all subjective. And a lot of this stuff is black and white. And we talk in black and white. And we, we miss out the new wants on purpose. But truthfully, the man can make you feel happy and you feel truly contented with that man and you truly respect that man. Then he's a high value man in your particular case. That's the truth. It's hard for us to sit here. It's easy to talk alpha male and say, we ain't got 10 male. He's a loser. Blah, blah, blah. But the truth is, if he can make you feel happy and you feel you feel like you respect that man. And when you smile in his presence and he's a high value man to you, that's the truth. We can, I can tell you all the things you are. As a man, what do you consider a high valued woman? Okay. So  the kind of man I respect. Yeah. Okay, so the kind of man I respect is a few things. I came from absolutely nothing. I came from a single parent in government housing. I had no car even at the age of 20. I was running to the gym. And now I got 30 in, right? So I believe if you're a man and you're dedicated, you can have as much money as you decide to have. So if you're broke, it's 1,000% your fault. So you need money. That's the first thing. The second thing is I believe a man is physically capable. I want to make something clear. I don't care if it was one man or 50 men at that door. I was ready, right? And that's not me talking tough. That's me understanding my role as a man. My role as a man is there's obviously a problem. We're gonna do hype. Let me look at the balcony. You understand? So bravery is bravery. Bravery is one of them, but the easiest way to be brave is to be capable. You're capable than your brave, right? So I think if you're a capable individual who's prepared to defend his woman to the death, and you can make sure that your woman always has a house to sleep in and food to eat, then you're a good enough man for most...  You understand what I'm saying about but obviously there's levels to the game But that's basically it if you're a dude who's waking up and you can't pay the bills and you can't do 10 pushups You're not a man Then you're not a man that's the reality of the guy I would say high-value me just means for example It's kind of like um, I don't want to say it's like a metric I would say it's to individual it themselves and like what their mentality is because I feel like when you're high value You understand you know what I need a network of people to help me with your goals and dreams I need a mulem saying to have a certain type of like you know Thought boxes in terms of like if you're a high-value man You know for example you can't work for anybody else You know that you have the money saved up for rainy days bad days you also know as well that like most people are not gonna Be on the same wavelength so you know like distance for yourself from different people And also as well regarding High value guys is that they actually understand that a lot of things in this world are Propaganda and not real so if people like that high value because they understand that whether what world really is and then for example they also understand that  They create their own destiny. They don't fall into anybody's, you know, way of life. But they can create it. Do you think a good, a good looking man is a high-valid man? No. No, no, no, no. Absolutely. Like, like, that's external. I'm from like the intern. Yeah. Okay. It's the mentality of the guy. I don't mean man is somebody who can take care of you, but also just like be there for you. You know what I'm saying? Like not even like My right now. I'm not your point of view. Yeah. It's my, it's this for the guys. Yeah. No. I'll just keep a simple man. Competence creates accomplishments, which creates confidence. You have these three things on a perfect trajectory. That's going to lead to success and other endeavors in your life with your physicality, your financial income, etc. So those three things, typically someone that's in good shape that has their money sorted everything else like that has these three, has these three things in place of some degree. You know, I'm just to keep it nice and simple. What about you, Lexie? What's your question? Andrew, do you prefer a woman with higher status or an average woman? It's actually a really good question. That is very good question. I'll theme our woman status.  does not offend me in any way. It would not offend me. I would have no problem being with a famous girl or a normal girl. It wouldn't offend me. It would have made me more or less attracted. I wouldn't be more attracted to a famous girl in any respect. Do you know the number one thing men look for in a woman? Do you know what that is? I do not know. Yes. For personality. That's brains. What quality of a person? Loyalty. Loyalty. Who said loyalty? I did. Boom. That's all men are really interested in it. Yeah. It does. I'm telling you now. I'm telling you now. You said everything. I just want a woman who's just down. No, but it's not dumb. It's not dumb. It's not dumb. Down. Down. Down. Yeah. I put you in just you. Because in the modern world, let me tell you something about the world. Only 20 or 30 years ago, every woman was loyal. Everyone was down for their man. This is all all the things you're saying that disagree with this is modern new think. It's new think. You think it's like, oh, I'm new. It's all brand new. Nobody knows the future of it. It's never been tested. We've never seen how civilized  Exist over a long period of time with this new This new paradigm of how females think right and the olden days the woman was down for her man That's how it always was and always will be and I tell you something now as me as an individual I know how good I can make a woman's life and I won't waste my time making a woman's life good if I truly don't believe She's not down for me because I'm not thirsty for sex right I can go without sex. I'm not a little bitch You know I can go without sex. I'm not gonna be like oh I need to bang. I need to bang I'm not one of them dudes right so if I don't think she's genuinely down for me She'll be there whether it's going up or going down even though I know I'm the guy who will never be I'll never be on the ground Right I'm too smart for that but still I out of respect for myself I'll look after her when I know she'll look after me. Anything can happen to anybody I can get caught up in it in the case. I got a smash that dude in his face and went jail today You don't know how life works. I would have to do it now you We can't afford me to go to jail, bro But it's just the point if you don't have a chick beside you that you  Truly believe is loyal, truly believe is loyal. Yeah. Then why would you even look after it? And this is the number one thing high-value amount of looking after it. If you find a genuinely high-value man, a genuinely, and I'm not saying, don't say this to no loser because it'll abuse you. Don't say this to no bum. He'll take advantage. Fact. But if you find a real G and say, you know what? I respect all you've done. I respect what you're doing. I'm here for you. No matter what. Please don't take advantage of me. If I feel too used, I will leave. But as long as I feel respected, I am always here for you. Period. That's the kind of shit you need to say to a man to keep him. You don't say, if you touch that bitch, I'll bang a dude. Because I ain't gonna work. No, because it's like, that's exactly what you need to say to a man. Period. Because that's the truth. I agree with you 100%. I am, I make something clear. I am zero percent interested. I am zero percent interested in touching a girl out of the connection with. Zero percent. I'm at that level now. I'm not chasing sex and clubs. I could go to a club today. It's been a half million dollars.  But I don't want to right? I want someone who I genuinely know if I had a problem, she would be there. That's what I'm actually interested in as a man. So all I'm interested in is loyalty. So the woman's not loyal. You're like fuck that bitch. Yeah, fuck that bitch. What do you consider loyalty like someone that doesn't cheat on you? No, no, fucks other people in as a loyal. No, but loyalty, okay. So fucking other people's easy, but also I truly believe. Now I'm about to get talked to. I'm gonna slap you. You're ready. You're ready. I'm about to talk sick. Oh, no. No, I'm about to get toxic, right? But I believe if a woman has a man and she truly loves that man, she doesn't need male friends. Talk to them about what? What can you talk to them about? You can't talk to me about it. You know they want to bang you. You know they do. You know they do. That's a whole new thing. That's it all happy. Okay. Hold on, hold on. Hold on, hold on. You guys all think you can have platonic friends? We'll start with the couch move on. Absolutely not.  No, no Lexi can men and women be only friends with any type of interaction I'm gonna say no because all my male friends. I know that for a fact would definitely bang me No, no, okay slim I Disagree I have a male best friend that I've been Friends with yes, I'm a very long time and I'm actually Live with a male roommate for three years. Okay save that for one second. Oh, what about you miss Vietnam? Yeah, no, they can't be platonic friends. I only have gay male friends. Okay, miss Columbia You cannot if you open your legs for them, they'll fuck you. Okay, okay Completely agree. I don't want the cap miss Kenya. I know you depends depends and that will I'll answer why I say it depends It goes okay, so you to yes or no. It's my choice whether I want to fuck you So if you want to be my male friend, that's your choice. Okay, so but we're saying platonic, which means non-sexual for me No, nobody's non-plusonic unless  Okay, fair enough. Right? No. Okay, so we got, I think what, like, two girls that think that men and women make people with ton of friends? Yeah. Miss Kenya and Slime, they're too nice. You done that girl, you're the one. You're the one. Yes, girl, we got it. We got it. You know what? We got it. We got it. You know what? Okay, no one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. No one. If you're even up right now, you're on top. You're on top. But, what? I don't understand. Why not? We're not able to control our sexual emotions around the office. That's not what I was saying. That's not what I was saying. I was saying with this that... Hey, hey, hey, hey. Listen, listen. Please stop interrupting people. You're going to get a while annoying. You, chill out. His problem, right? All right. You might be able to control it, Slime, but not him. But, is why. Let's put it in.  the right occasion occurs, even though you might say he's just a friend, he's been waiting for a chance to crack in the arm and say, you know what, baby, go you good? Boom, that's it. So text him, text him, let's see. No, no, it's not you. Put it back. Put it back. Damn, you're an addict, bro. Put it down. God damn. Are we calling her? Oh, he's face time. You're gonna text him. He's face time a little. Everybody needs voice. Hey. When am I supposed to ask him again? No, if you want to fuck. Are you horny? You want to fuck? Are you horny? Are you horny? Are you horny? Are you horny? Are you horny? Are you horny? Do you want to fuck? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! What's this? What's this? Yo! Listen. He's always saying, because he knows that he's on bed. Oh, I want to fuck. No, no! I don't know! I don't know! Oh, Ms. Kenya, look at Shake You Now. She's like, no. I'm trying to tell them we are best friends and we do not fuck. We're not interested.  They don't believe that that that happens. The poor is about his man. You've all seen it. She was defeated. No, we just lost friends. They're like that. Yeah, no, no. But you just said he had earlier. No, no. When you ask my mom, I just love a bitch for it. Like I literally think it's love a bitch for it. And Amy, that's my end of the series. Yeah. I just love my hair. You know, but you didn't say that earlier. All right. OK, man. OK, yeah, yeah. Hey, go. You getting up now? All right, Miss Kennedy, you text them. You tell them you're horny? Oh my god. Yeah, see? Yeah. She's nervous. She's nervous. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's definitely not sad. Wait, I said it depends. Y'all, then let me finish my statement. All right, go ahead. I had this exact topic yesterday in the room. It was 10 guys and five girls. And we had this topic, OK? And some guys agree with you. Actually, guys are like, no, like in one.  I gave an example of that's why he gave me like a different perspective. And he said he has girls and guys that he's known for a long time. And he had some home girls that he grew up with from when they're like kids kids, and he would never fuck. And they're attractive as fuck, but he would never fuck because he values the friendship to where he doesn't want to cross down boundary. That's what he said. That's what I'm sorry. It's good though. I mean, that was good because, but guess. Okay. Here's pardon. Right? Here's pardon. A lot of guys, right? Well, with hold their sexual energy because you know what? They don't want to put that they want that they want you. But deep down, skin rejection in the crevice of their soul. They want the booty. Let me give it. Let me give you another example. Let me tell you why male friends annoy me, right? Because what I think is happening is this. I understand because I understand what you just said. You said made a really good point. She said it doesn't matter what they want. It matters what I want. So she's saying, look, I can have male friends even though I know they want me, but I won't allow them to have me so I can exploit them, which, which is smart from a woman.  I understand that right? It looks bad for you though. It makes more, but let me make the point. For me, male friends are about respect. So if I have a, if I park one of my 17 super cars, outside, outside of club, right? Listen, Lambo's outside. And dudes are trying to break in. Even though I know the locks, the alarm, the immobilizer, it's solid. You can't steal Lambo, right? But dudes are trying to break in and I see it. Am I gonna allow them to try? No. No. No. No, I know she won't let them smash. Even though I know she knows what they're about. And even though I know she's loyal to me, out of respect for me, it's not jealousy. It's territorialism. I'm not jealous. I'm territorial. If you want me to truly love you, you are my girl. And no one's gonna be allowed to even try. Even though I know you won't let them. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? It's a territorial thing because how am I supposed to have a chick I truly love and care about when every dude in the world can just hit on her? Even if she says no. Just hit on her.  If you want to go to the club you can go with me. You want to go to Maldives, baby? I'll take you to Maldives, or you want to go? I'll take you anywhere you need to go. You don't have to end up the day. You don't have to be talking to no fucking door. You want to say it? At the end of the day, the woman controls the narrative. If she wants to fuck him, she will. But like I said, I've had a really good relationship with my best friend for two years. So I'll tell you the true piece fucking terrified you. Yeah. That's the real, that's why I got to put my head on right now. Like, put on the head. But even, okay, so without my roomie, I... Let me just say this. Let me just say this. From the way that you speak to him, you are the authority in that relationship. In their relationship, that's your... I'm an authority in every relationship. See? Well, okay. So when you deal with him, you're definitely the boss. So he knows better than do it. But what I'm saying is this. If you came home one night drunk, like, you know what? I'm feeling it. Like, let's do this. He was mad. You were one of these that fuck you. Because remember, you have this thing. How are you going to try it? What was the question? It doesn't matter about a one. You're a man. You're going to what? What time? We set...  We are friends. Why? No, it's not a part of me. It's not a part of me. It's not sexual. We said we're not friends. Hold on. You know, you're not having sex, right? You know why he's your friend? Why? Because you said he's your friend. If you said to him today, you know what? Fuck that shit. I want to fuck. Now he's not your friend anymore. So you're right. It is a choice. But you're setting the precedent here. Not him. And this is slim. Let me ask you. Don't you think if you had a man that would be disrespectful to have a man hanging around you who you know wants to fuck you? Do you understand what I'm saying? I'm talking about just a respect. I understand your own child. I can't understand that. But at the same time, I can't control who wants to fuck me. I can't control that. You can control if you're around them or not. But I can't control how someone feels about me. So I can't be around them because I think he wants to fuck me. No, I have a man. You know. No, you know. You would have known. Okay, I have a question. Slim, how would you feel, right? Let's say me you were dating, right? And you come over all the time. Sorry, I want to hate to drop. So hate to drop. I love Slim on this. Yeah.  Slim honestly, she's coming at it. She's like fighting us all I like this So that's where we're dating right you come over we have fun we just smash right and I said But deep down you want to have relationship. Well, I'm playing this game. You know what she can come all over I'm keep smashing. I'm just playing the game for as long as I can But deep down you want you want you want a you know committed relationship now. How does that feel to you? It that was you hold your feel I feel like the man controls the narrative about a relationship at the end of the day. Yes But deep now you you know that I'm not gonna come come into you you keep coming over. So how do you feel about that? I would rather know that than to be let on that you're interested in you know like I'd rather it to know like that then it's for it to be something else. Okay, but put it in reverse. No, right? Imagine your friend that is your friend right now, right? Deep down he wants you But because you say or you keep it at a certain level he can It's kind of the same thing because think about this he wants it, but you  don't allow it. But it's a verse, so you want a relationship, but I don't allow it. It's kind of like the same parallel there. That makes sense. It does what it doesn't, but I'm gonna let you have. It's just it's just that I don't know. The thing is slums that you like you're the authority figure in the relationship. So he's he's even scared to challenge you. You know, I could tell just from the way the combination on him. And the way you spoke to him. Yeah. Swim to G. Swim to G. You spoke for him. And here's the thing. You know, I'm gonna have to say this real talk. You're not gonna find a guy unless he's like super fucking masculine. To be able to deal with you because like you're you're assertive yourself. You have like this this A type personality. And I could already tell a big reason why this guy probably got friends on in the first place is probably because you're just too soft to stand up to you. That's what it came down to. That's why your friends on him. So for you, you're gonna need a guy that's like super like, yo, shut the fuck up and stop talking. You're gonna need that type of guy. I'll be honest with you, Slim. Most guys don't aren't gonna want to have to fight with their girl, man. And it's not about fighting.  It's about like you said communication in respect. But here's the thing It's not it's not it's not but you're at a level of dominance though slim You're at a level of dominance that a man is gonna have to rise to damn near hitting you to get you to comply Yeah, but it's high value man. That's what that's what I'm saying like And what's scary? I want to get there No, it's not scary, but you're not gonna play with slim Oh It's right and I believe in being submissive but at the end of the day, right you have to give me a reason to be submissive And want you to be submissive off-brainer It's dead man punch most guys are gonna go that far It's not though and I feel like it's because you don't know me. I'm really a real I'm a Libra I don't I don't I could argue with you. I'm below all I'll say this right she is right So minutes of the wrong guy does a bum makes no sense. So you're right at a certain point But you're kind of alpha those those kind of tough  I think that's bullshit. No one says I need, you know, I'm submissive to the right guy. That's like me saying, well, I'm only a man to the right girl. You know what I'm saying? You are. You are. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, ladies. When you see me day to day, right, I'm wearing high heels, fucking address, I'm acting feminine, whatever. But if I find a right girl, I'm masculine. That's how you guys sound right now. I'm talking about men. I'm a question for you. I have a question for you. We'll talk. You said you're a man to the right girl, but when we're having a concert, and Andrew was talking about like, No, no, no, I'm making fun of your guys as narrative saying, I'm submissive to the right men. Because what I'm trying to say that is that women like to be able to say, hey, I'm only submissive and or feminine for the right guy, but that would be ridiculous if we were put on the other side and say, hey, you know what, I'm feminine most of the time, but I'm manly and masculine for the right girl. That's ridiculous. You know what, I'm for the first different. A different. A different. A different. A different. A different.  Hold on, add your good. I respect my run's point. I know what he's saying, but also with a whole bunch of bummed dorks out here. That's true. This is true. I get that. We'll take advantage of a submissive girl. They will. Every time. Who don't need, who don't deserve it. So that's why women have to be miscalculated. The elective about who there's the most. I mean, if you're in a relationship with them, then you are submissive. But here's the thing though. You wait, we'll talk to Juan. You ain't gonna go on a date with him unless he meets a bunch of prerequisites. So what's on a date with the guy? And not be feminine because a lot of girls will want a date. They'll be masculine. Something that sometimes things can go sideways. Yeah, yeah. But you get the point of trying to say is that, like women say, oh, well, you gotta, you gotta prove yourself to me. And then for me to be submissive, et cetera, I get that. I understand that. But what I am saying is that a girl will go on a date with a guy and still be a bitch kind of and like try to test them. You know what I'm saying? And it's like, and it's like they, they, um, going on a date and dating are two different things. Going on a date is not being submissive to a mid. Being submissive is a relationship. Like, it's a thing. You're not being submissive to a date somebody.  You're dating being submissive you're being submissive to your man What if you go on a date? I don't understand. So be in a relationship. Let's say you take me to dinner. I'm not gonna be submissive. I did. But you're gonna expect me to be masculine and pay for it. No. Yeah. Exactly. If you want me to dinner, you're paying for the meal. If you're inviting me, you're paying for it. See, but here's a problem, lady. Here's a problem. Women want to be modern when it suits them. But they want the man to be traditional at all times. That's the craziness. I'm not not gonna be guys for doing what it is. But like my thing is this, if you're gonna go on a date with a guy, assuming you like him, and you're not trying to get a free meal, which some girls do that. But what I'm saying is if you're on a date with a guy and assuming you like him, why would you not be feminine off-star instead of playing these games? And let me try to be masculine and off-rep and see if he could tame me and all this other bullshit. Most, a lot of guys are gonna be like, Brian gonna, you know what I'm saying? Like I'm not gonna deal with this. Like this is crazy because that's like, she still expects you to be masculine and men. And we're gonna show one as if you like, hey, how you doing? Okay.  But you know what I like you now also to be masculine now that's crazy What I'm saying is that women pick and choose right they want a guy that's traditional But but they don't want to be traditional women. That's the reality You know what I'm saying? And if you want to be modern that's cool be modern But don't expect the guy to be traditional with you so in other words if you guys want to eat You know this equality thing for dude, you know attacks you don't don't expect us to protect you You know what I'm saying because you don't want it. You want to be modern right you want to be equal 50 50 Right it sounds crazy when I say it like that But it's it's crazy because of man's roles are always static But a woman's roles are always negotiable. That's why sounds crazy when a man doesn't adhere to his masculine burner performance And all I'm saying is that it's ridiculous to me that woman say I'm submissive sometimes I'm submissive to the right guy blah blah blah Well if you go out with it on a day with a guy he's the right guy's cuz you picked him Yeah, but I don't think you're gonna day for a reason no  I actually agree with my wrong, but I think the problem is I think it's a defense mechanism and I think women date too easily I think it's a defense That's true and also real quick just hit 9,000 light viewers for the first time 90 I Kim I'll do nonchucks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't call do nonchucks. Yeah, man guys like the goddamn video right now like the video or else Okay, we're gonna Okay Shit, okay  No, you just take off the diamonds. Okay! You're right, guys! That's a good time! Hit him! Hit him! Hit fresh it! No, not the word hit fresh! Like hard hard. Yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh! Oh! Oh, yeah! That's not fun! Oh, there you go! That's not fun! That's not fun! That's not fun! That's not fun! That's not fun! That's not fun! Run, run, run! Come on, move! Run, run, run! That's not fun! That's not fun! What is that? Yeah! Yo! Yo, roll top! Yeah, you guys are ninja watchers. Keep hunched! The ship! We punched me too! We punched you! All right, so... Okay. Slim, you got a question for... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Slim, you got a question? You got a question? Slim, you got a question? I have a question. I just speak it as a spinach. Alright, Slim, go ahead, you got a question. Okay, so, uh... Taste it something early in the show that really kind of stuck with me. Okay.  I had phones on. Give me a second. OK. No, wasn't bad. And you mentioned something about love. You said love is everywhere. Love is most important. Most important, it makes the world go round. To me, it seems like love is a one-way street for you when it comes to a male and it comes to a woman. If a man and woman are in love, are in love with each other, why is it OK for a man to step out since a man can't, all men cheat. But if you are in love, like you say, love makes the world go around. Yes. Why can't love be a one and two? Why does love have to be one and two? And maybe a three. OK. I can give you two answers to that. OK. So the first answer, no, no, no, no. Who said that? So the first answer is the boring one, right? So there's an evolutionary and biological reason why men do what they do. Do you know that since the dawn of human time, and this has been proven in genetics, and 99.  percent of women have reproduced and only 38% of men have reproduced. You know what that means? That means that 38% of men had all the women. And I'm trying to say that animalistically, you have to look at humans, right? We have society that tells us what to do, but we're also animals. And from an animalistic perspective, all primates, besides humans, every single one, the alpha male has more than one woman. You girls, you may not know you agree with me, but you agree with me. If you see Chris Brown in the club and you're playing with Chris Brown, do you think Chris Brown's loyal? No, he's not. No. But you don't care because he's the alpha male. And the point is that from an animal perspective, women from every primate species has always expected the alpha male to have more than one woman. This is a biological, it's been proven in genetics. I just proved it with the Chris Brown point. It's been proven. That's the first point, right? Who even is Chris Brown? These holes in it, loyal. No. Is it the song you sing? Second thing. Second thing. I understand what you're saying about love, right? And I completely understand what you're saying about love. And we've gone over this with the...  point about how a man can truly love his woman to be a sipped another girl, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Let me ask you another question. To be a man that a woman respects, and on average, you have to be intelligent. Would you agree? You have to be intelligent? You have to be wise. To be right, you have to be smart. You have to be brave. You have to be capable. You have to be competent. You have to have done amazing things, capable of doing amazing things. You have to be motivated. You have to be ambitious. You have to do lots of things. All a woman has to do is be loyal. What's actually harder? No. What's actually not asking a question. I think what's actually harder? What's actually harder to pull off? Stick in by your man and say, I won't fuck another dude, or go in out into the world with no inherent value. Because what you don't understand is women. Women have an inherent value, right? You're beautiful. Slim, you're beautiful. Men want to talk to you no matter what. If you're a man who you don't get your shit together, no woman gives a fuck about you. Thanks. You need to get out there. You need to do. You need to get money. You need to be smart. You need to be strong.  be intelligent, it'd be funny. As a man, you have to go out there and get all this value. So I'm asking truly, if you had to choose which is easier, I think being loyal to somebody is much easier than going out into the world and doing all those amazing things to actually become a man of status because the 99% of men hate shit and you know it and I know it. So I'm saying here from my point of view, if you're genuinely and I'm going to make this clear, don't simp for a loser, don't be submissive for a loser, don't let no bum cheat on you. I'm not saying that shit. I'm not even saying that a real G is going to cheat on you all the time, but I'm saying if you look at your man and say, you know what, this man takes every single box and I truly feel happy when I'm with this man and I truly love this man with all my heart and he fucked this stupid bitch one weekend. Am I really going to leave him for some other man who I don't love who's going to fuck a bitch anyway? Bam. That doesn't make sense. That's my point. You want to say a room coming from Slim? Do we agree finally? No.  You want something to say with him saying? I'm chilling. I'm chilling. Oh, I'm sweating. She's a slut. She's a slut. Get him in it. OK, I'll say a lot. So I'm just simply put, man, men must create their value. Women are born with value. That's just the reality, man. Each and every single one you guys opens up your DMs right now. You guys are going to have 99 plus dick offerings. Us, we are not going to get nearly as many options as you guys. So you guys have to sift through the BS for the quality. Men want the quantity. Simple as that. OK. Joel, real comments. OK, Josh Gomez, Joel Gomez summary. A good man is not a harmless man. A good man is a dangerous man who has under control. Very true. AB 50. Women's carrier strap. Well, you ladies want equality, right? God made man, cult made them equal. Get training though. OK, $100, Ceruse. Ceruse. Ceruse? I'm 21 Indian guy, six foot one white skin broad shoulders, going to Canada for masters and machine. Do I have a chance in the dating market? Yes, my friend. You're asking a more question. OK, Penn 50. Brought tape preaching on loyalty. God damn. Having someone who is loyal to you.  Your back 100% is a top three feeling and he 100% right on having plutonium alphonse facts boom and then Jeremy A $800 billy a bill in Melinda gates just to God the force was the point of a high-value man getting married in today's For this stop stop stop stop sorry, sorry who says bill this is this is where people give you confused right? Bill gates is a high value. Okay. Yeah, he has money, but he fails in every other metric back This is what people don't understand the easiest way to be high value is not to have a hundred percent of one thing Have 75% of everything. Yes, you know have 70 have 75% of everything. There's no reason why Bill Gates should be fat He's like he could get Jimmy trainer. You're Bill Gates. Yeah, like this is what I'm saying like and another thing And this is really important. I think every woman here knows it every single time a woman goes he's boring I just didn't get along with him anymore. It didn't work. What does that really mean? He can't fuck. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can't fuck He's too busy on his computer  program and bullshit like a fucking door She left here you fucking nerd. What if you bring to the table the same thing as that man brings what if you guys are both Millionaires what does that give him an excuse to cheat? No, but the value isn't primary Okay, money is an easy way to measure value Do you know why we use money as a way to measure value because money is in numbers? And humans think in numbers you understand, but values actually far more than numbers, right? Value is far more than numbers when you're with a man and you can genuinely and you know what it's usually instant Usually you're with a guy and you feel the energy and you just know something's different about this particular individual Mm-hmm like that value isn't just about numbers on a screen values not just about money values not so easy and platonic and black and white We just write it down. This is exactly what it is But if you're truly with a high value man and it is different because some girls like sensitive musicians some girls like kickboxing World champion millionaires Four times  But you know what I'm saying, right? You know what I'm saying? So we always talk about money. I wouldn't consider about Bill Gates to high value man. Would you fuck 66 year old Bill Gates? No. Would you fuck him? Negative. So he's not like that. I would. So he's not a high value man anyway. Of course his chick wants to leave him, right? Okay, he has cash. But you know what about the world we live in? A lot of men have enough money to take you for dinner and buy you a handbag. Who gives you shit, right? It's about more than that. It's about a lot more than just having money, right? It's about a lot more than that. So fuck Bill Gates. It puts the ass anyway. Windows and shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. Bill Gates, listen. Bitch ass. Oh shit. Talk to shit Andrew. I use a Mac. Oh shit. That's a time of the Apple. Okay, so go ahead. What's your question? Hmm. Go ahead, do you have something there? What just shortly described to me your most either heartbreaking or toxic relationship you've had with the one?  Oh shit. I feel like there's got to be one in there. Got a real deep. Whoa. That's a good question. Got to give you a minute. Oh, okay. Mine was talking to you. I know why. Okay. No, but I've had relationships. I'm an old man, right? I'm 34. Oh. So I've had relationships in the past where the only way things were positive is if I was truly dominant and truly aggressive all the time because you have some women who really want to be put in their place. But truthfully, me as a man, I don't mind doing that now and again, but sometimes I like to just come home and say, hey, baby, how are you? I like to chill. I don't like to come home and threaten to beat the shit out of the bitch. You can't get out of me every day. Wait, wait. Three days a week is fun. You know what I'm saying? Maybe three and a half. Yeah, you know, maybe five. You know what I'm saying? But like there's a couple days where I'm just like chilling and I'm trying to chill. So my most toxic relationship was probably a situation like that. But I've always been very fortunate in the fact that I have.  my brother and I live with my brother. And even though we have plenty of money in a big house now, we still live together. And I've already had companionship. Like, I have a woman asked my life, it's gonna be a compliment to my life. And I'm not gonna sit around and chase the girls, gonna act stupid or cheat on me, et cetera, et cetera. So I've never really had anything like toxic, or I've never been heartbroken in modern history. None of those kind of things. But I certainly wouldn't want a woman to have to fight with. I have enough stress in my life. I have to fight men in the cage. I don't need to come home to a fight. You understand what I'm saying? Cool. So that's Colombia. No question? Nothing. Next, okay. DR. Well, we've heard all of our favorite sex positions. Oh, shit. And we like him, Ben. Now I want to know. Oh, shit. Oh, my. Let's get it. Oh, my. This is the first time. Oh, my. Yeah. The first time on camera. It's a bit. My hand is taking a group. Go through this whole process. So good.  What is it let's hear Andrew I'm gonna get DR a no pad real quick so she could write this down Don't you want surprise baby Answer that's my answer Maybe I'll show you everything That doggy style whatever keep it simple okay for me you know Okay, all right Miss Kenya  This question is, it's more general, but also more to as the guys, the girls can answer as well. So it's, I've always wondered. So if, let's say you're dating somebody, right? Or you're about to, you're engaged or you want to marry somebody and your family or your friends don't approve them. What would you do? Okay. She got that arranged marriage that they're trying to force them to go on the other side. No, listen. I'm, I'm single. It's fun, but I just, I'm very curious to like hear people's perspectives of you really like this person so much. But like when you, like, let's say like y'all like, um, Marin brings a girl over to you, um, fresh and you're not, you're like, not bro. I don't think she's, you know what I'm saying? She's the one. She ain't the one. Like, what would you do Marin in such a suit? And then it's not only here, most of your guy friends are like, I'll be honest, like me and fresh really don't do them an agamist thing. Yeah, we don't. But let's, let's, let's,  We did do it. I would just ask your question. I would say why I would do is It's on me. No, sorry. Okay cool What I would do is that I would say look at this point. He's a man. Guess to make his own choices Mm-hmm. I would just love bro. But you mean you I think it's a good bet You got me a call. Yeah, but do you gotta do? So I let him know how I feel about it But he's a man. He's making his own money. He's doing his own thing who might say hey bro don't do that You know what hey bro? Here's my opinion you do what you gotta do But what's gonna happen is after consequences of going on that route. I'm here for you bro That's what it really is so yeah question on top of that. So let's say he's to this to stay would you want to hang out with him when he's around his girl And I Like we go on this you get on saying so it's she's like a bimbo annoying chick, and I know she's not worth anything to him Personally, I would want to hang out hang out hang out but because of him oh hang around Yeah, I'll respect for him  But uh, Roots off, I would try to avoid her as much as possible, but if it comes to that, to that, that's a scenario. I'll be there. I wouldn't wife a chick that my friends hate anyway though. Yeah. I know she's a big deal. But you really, really like her. No, she doesn't. But they don't fuck with that. See, here's the thing, the woman's got to conform to my reality every single time. So if she, if she has annoying bad habits that piss me off, she's going to change them. And I, and I truly believe that a man can turn a woman into something that he'll create, but it doesn't work the other way around. If a girl turns a guy into some, he's, she's going to be loud. Let's do the pussy. Let me change them. So with a man and a lot of, and I'll, you guys might not like this, but I'm going to say it anyway. Feminism and modern society nowadays teaches women how to be terrible girlfriends. Doesn't really tell you guys how to be good, beautiful girlfriends. So I'm going to have to probably train bad habits out of you anyway if you're going to be my main girl. Yeah. And also we think logically, not emotionally. So if I'm feeling a chick and I, I can see my boy is saying, yo, what's up? I'm going to step back and say, yo, she's not the right girl for me. Yeah, so far. I'm going to dig down for my boy is myself. She's not good. Yeah.  I'm a trainer like I'm a firm believer that as a man you're the leader and you you basically have boundaries and then your girl either She fucks her she's gonna adhere to those boundaries or she's gonna step out of them Then you kick her to the curb next so but obviously I'm not illusion I understand that for you to be able to impart these boundaries on a woman You have to keep your status how you have to keep your value high to the point where she's scared of losing you so you know That's for a man, but for a woman though. It's tough because you might not be able to change them So quick question Andrew. What's your take on the situation? Um, that's a good question If my brother said look this I can't imagine a scenario in which my brother would say to me this chick isn't for you and I and I was to obsessed with her Yeah, yeah, it's just not gonna happen right. Yeah all three guys at table can't like even break think of that scenario We're too logical that's something that happens for women. Yeah, we're too logical You know, but but in terms of the family thing I think if I if I was a woman or a woman if their family was truly against a man You should definitely sit and listen especially to your I'm gonna be boring. You know you just you just say  and listen to your father and especially say to your dad, why are you really against this man? And I believe as a boring old man, you should have a degree of respect for the people who brought you on the face of the planet. And you should definitely sit and listen to them and let them talk and try and explain to them the difference. And the truth is if that guy's really about it and he's really good for you, he'll come and talk to your dad and you'll work it out, right? Because I've seen so many women fall out with their parents over some bum idiot. Don't do that shit. Your parents took you, your parents brought you to life and they really love you the most. So at least listen to them. That's my advice. And also, talk to your dad. Yeah. Like your dad, the thing is this man, women, like with the male people in your family, like you need to take them the most serious. I'm gonna say the uncomfortable truth, why? Your brother, your father, your cousin, whatever, you need to listen to what they say because they're not trying to fuck you, man. So when a guy's not trying to have sex with you, it's amazing how pragmatic and realistic they are when they give you advice, especially as a woman, because getting advice from other women, I always say it's like futile because they're gonna base off their emotions and also...  like a man that isn't trying to smash, she's going to give you sound, logical advice. And for the most part, if he's your brother or your father, it's gonna look out for your best interest from a whole other perspective. He's gonna analyze how much money does this guy make? Can this guy ever protect you in a confrontation? Blah, blah, blah. And they're gonna tell you the truth. You know, and women don't like it because you guys like to tend to love what you're feeling because not with logic. So it's like, oh, I like this guy. He does it for me. He makes me feel good, but just because he makes you feel good in the temporary doesn't necessarily mean that he's gonna be a long-term solution to your problem of finding a mate. So sorry, go ahead, question. I didn't say this. So I know he talked about it, right? A lot of guys don't think how we think. So it's just he has a 9 or 10, she's bad. They're gonna go ahead and like, say, you know what, down, all these red flags here, the guy ignore it and go away for a, but it was me like, yo bro, don't do it, because they're not in that right, for him in my mind and they're probably low level bumps. Anyway, so in that sense, yes, they're gonna go ahead and do it, but us, we won't do that shit. Yeah, but it's very interesting. I mean, like from a female perspective, I get where you're coming from, cause like, you know, you got the,  butterflies like you know whatever it is but but um yeah I would say have a serious talk with your father and your and your brothers you know even though they might have told you hell no he's a bomb don't do it it's see yeah question or no yes I want to know what a high-value man looks for a new woman okay we're gonna question Andrew we already said it earlier do you remember ladies I'm gonna say that's it pretty much that's it you did make a comment before about a millionaire woman and a millionaire guy I want to know what yeah like what if the girls a millionaire too what if they go make more than that so this is what I'll say earlier that's not all about money yeah I care about money I asked okay so guys that are high value your money's your money our money's our money and your money so your money doesn't mean shit to us just giving a buck so what we look for is peace peace and quiet so I mean she's not combative you just like drink quality yeah yeah yeah so make me real talk  All you need to do right ladies is be fit Famine and cooperative that's it. You don't need to do a lot of other shit like the money being a boss babe That's a turn off for guys cuz like yo, she's masculine as fuck. I don't want her on me Remember right the process of getting that money you get certain traits So those traits normally are pretty masculine because you have to hustle you to invest all stuff So I'm just saying most guys didn't want that shit look a guy who didn't go out CVS fuck I didn't yeah Yeah, my donals it doesn't matter because she's attracted or she's cooperative if you're gonna be masculine all up negative energy We don't want that so yeah, and you see the other thing too if you make a million dollars and you're dating guy that makes a million dollars You actually have little leverage because and the reason why is because the more money you make the less Candidates you have that you would take seriously Exactly I agree with so he has more levers than you do as a matter of fact the more money you make it I always say the simply put ladies the more money you make them  more doors closed, the more money a man makes the more doors open. So for you, like, you're going to have to kind of get on that guy's program. If you're a millionaire yourself, because it's like, if you don't get with him, well, only what about 1% of the US populations, even a millionaire, and that includes man and women. So it's like, yeah, you know, have to be above me. Actually, it's less than 1% 1% is 450,000 years. Exactly. Sorry. Yeah. So it's even less than that. You had a question? Yeah. I'm the one person. Okay. You had a question? Yeah. I want to know what you guys believe in. Hello. Yeah. Sure. I want to know what you guys believe in like the whole taking things slow. Taking a slow. Yes. Or taking a fast, if you really think this, like, what is it? First love site? On the first site. Yeah. Okay. So you're seeing if him, you know, they want to take a faster slow. If a girl tells the guy that or if the guy tells a girl that, I want to know both perfectly. But the first night. Okay. One nice day. Okay. You've been here before. So yeah, for us, us for guys, like, we teach guys to go far right off the jump because we don't waste time because thinking about this, right?  I'm gonna do it with you. I'm feeling you. Why am I gonna hold back? Because I want to be nice and weight? No, because I'm really feeling you. So I would just say for most guys, if you are on a date with a girl and you look, divide me and like her, go for it. She might say no, which is understandable, but at the same time she knows her intentions. Or then you wait and say, you know what? I'm gonna touch her. I'm gonna keep my distance. And then you know what? This is a life you're not. You know what? I'm keeping it in the friends zone. So I'd rather let a girl know what's in front of what I'm about than waste time and play games. I'll keep it simple. And you show a hands everyone at the table and at the couch. Have you ever been on a date with a guy that you knew you were not gonna have sex with? Yes. Raise hands. Okay. That's pretty much every hands and the couch. Okay. Okay. So that's pretty much everybody. Can I ask a question? Hold on. That right there is why we tell guys you need to push for sex immediately because women are totally content with going out on dates with guys and using them. Well, here's the thing. That's the game. Women will go out on dates with guys. Yeah. Because the guy. Did you pay for that date? Nope. No. No.  because you picked for the day. Yeah, I asked. You're a pain. You're a pain. Ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies. Please stop interrupting me. What I'm saying is that when you, a women are totally content with going on a date with a guy and not actually liking him or finding him sexually attractive or not even like wanting to see him again for the purposes of getting attention, getting a free meal, getting courted, whatever it may be because a woman's validation comes from men giving her attention for almost little to no exchange, right? That's why Instagram is huge with women. So what we teach guys is you never want to be put in that zone where a girl is using you for free attention. So you need to try to get sex quickly. Then from there, the relationship actually begins because from there you could figure out if you like her or not, et cetera, you know, we don't really tell guys to go girls because if you're ghost and grow more than likely, you didn't find her attractive. That's why your tongue was off. So you obviously screen her, make sure you like her, but when you find a girl that you like and you take her on a date, make sure you close as quickly as possible because you don't want to fall into this range where a girl is using you for free dinner dates, which happens because all of you guys were in the hands when I asked that, which is why we have to teach guys these strategies. So does that make sense? Yeah.  So you're only supposed to accept that. What do you think of a girl who like gets- Well, hold on, hold on. She didn't finish her thing or question. I mean, I don't want to argue with that. For men, that's why we have to try to get it quick. But for women, I would say if a girl tells you, let's take things slow, she doesn't like you like that. Sexually at least. She doesn't like you sexually. So I wanted to argue with you about the fact that you said, if you like her on the first date, but what about like three months not online, she's like a completely different person because you see their true colors. OK, well, I really fucked you so I can leave. OK, all right. So this is about fucking art. No, no, no, I'm just seeing like, what if they waited three months, right? And then you change. What was it doing those whole three months? Nothing. Can I give an answer to that? Go ahead. Can I give an answer to that? Yeah, yeah. Really airy, fairy, and kind of hippie-ish, which I know I don't seem like. But it's just truth. If you can, I've had a long time ago. I had a girl I slept with on the first night and we were together for four years. There you go. So you could meet a girl and sleep with her on the first night and we were there for a very long time. I've also had girls who played the game and fucked around for three months. And then we slept together one.  to win ever again. I don't think it's important how quickly you sleep with someone. But I think everyone understands this. Have you ever met somebody and you instantly just dislike them? You have an energy and you just don't like them. The truth is, Hey, Andrew, can you just talk into a little bit? Sure, sure, sure. The truth is, you need to learn to pay attention for when you instantly just like somebody. To the energy. Because the energy, it's real. Yeah, it's real. And if you instantly just like somebody and you feel it for real and you sleep with them first day, it's gonna be fine. You don't have to make them wait. You don't have to make them wait. It's all about the energy. That's what it's truly about. This idea that if you make men wait, they're more likely to be loyal garbage. No, they're more likely to stay with you garbage. That's all the thing. If you have true good energy with a guy, you can sleep with him first day. No problem. And you need to pay attention to how you really feel and how he really feels. You learn to read how he really feels as a man. That's a key. And I'll tell you this, Guy game is being able to get quick sex. Girl game is being able to keep the guy after sex. So understand that once the man has sex with you, it's on.  on you to keep the guy around and add value to that man's life. Because even if he has sex with you quickly, that's really irrelevant if you're like, or you're able to help serve him and help him out with his life, make it easier. He's gonna start to see you as an ass and a commodity and be like, okay, I wanna put this girl, even if you smash all the chicks, as long as you're the main chick, you win. I see Columbia, you have something. Yeah, I wanna say something. So for the first time, finally. Oh yeah, I'm gonna require. So my question is, so how do you see the woman after you fucked the girl once in the first day? How do you value them? How do you see them after? I don't judge at all. I don't judge at all. Do you see them in a different way? Do you let them? This is an excellent question. So I'll tell you this now, most men think. And for men and for women. Yeah, yeah. Most men, I'm not gonna lie to you ladies. You're gonna have to leverage sex against regular guys. Because they don't get it often. So if they sleep with you on the first date, they might think, oh yeah, this girl's a whole but a lot. Because they don't really know better and they don't really understand that, that how to be genuine they.  It's not attractive, it happens all the time. So like guys that are good with women, typically they might sleep with them on the first or second date. It's not a big deal to them. Guys that are well versus with women understand that sex is just, that's just the beginning. You need to actually extract value from the woman to some degree, whether she helps you with your business. She makes life easier for you, she coats, she cleans whatever, every way man has different like wants and needs. But in general, she becomes a compliment to his life to make life easier. So if as long as a woman can provide value on that regard, and she's dealing with a guy that is pre-selected and or has access to women already has options, he's gonna be able to see beyond the sex. But I'm not gonna lie to you, some guys are gonna have sex with you on the first day and think, oh, she was easy and then immediately like ghost. Yeah, my run just nailed it. If you're dating a low value man, he just wants sex. If you're dating a high value man, he wants a lot more than just sex. A lot more, yeah. So the sex is not a big deal, right? He wants a lot more than that. He wants actual companionship and he wants actual peace in his life. He wants to come home from a stressful life and have peace. He wants to feel happy when he's with you.  So if you're with a dude who thinks yes, I fucked yes, I'm the man now then you shouldn't have been with the undertake with him anyway Yeah, he's a fucking door and also high-value men they understand that Jenny burning desire It's not negotiable, which means if you're in that moment and energy's right Why are you gonna hold your like to a Laura steam because you guys you guys are both hot and sweaty You guys are both ready for it and it's mutual so you look and don't hurt that's dumb Ask well hold on before before you ask that and we'll let you and we'll let hold it Hold it because I just want to make sure you get your question answered I want the girls to answer you wanted the girls to answer. Okay. What was the question again? Please Repeat the question. Yeah, I'm so love at first sight or like you haven't really get to the person I feel like it was by the vibe Yeah, first it's physical and reality that I felt like first is physical and after is the vibe. I'm gonna give an example So myself is myself okay  When I moved to America, MetaSky, true story, MetaSky, a weekend started dating and it's like boom, initial attraction, dated for four years. So sometimes it just depends, like you guys said energy, you meet somebody and boom, connect, automatic. There's people who will date for years and like nothing will happen. An example, I'm going to give you a celebrity example. When did he dated, what's her name? Cassie. Cassidy. So at 10 years, nothing, no marriage, no kids, but immediately broke up with him a year in, got married and has kids. So it really doesn't matter. It depends on a person. Right. So. Okay. All right. Cool. All right. So the ladies answered your question, right? Good. Okay. Oh, couch. Right. couch. What do you guys love for a side or you have a question, right? Are you good? I was just confused on what the question you asked was. I didn't ask question. Not like what I forgot what you said earlier, but I didn't understand.  Alright, just moving on moving on at the couch that you guys answer her part about love a first sight or whatever I agree I just agree okay, alright, okay, go ahead miss Columbia. You have saw right finally because you we skipped you on the first one because you have anything So going back to what you have said After you fuck them in like on the first night. Yeah, how how can you sorry a man fucks you? How do you keep? I'm worried you gonna say something. I don't know what kind of man you've been fucking No, they listen they all fuck me good okay, okay? But how do you keep a man? See my after you have after he has fucked you the first in the first night I remember you have said it's keeping the man. Yeah, that's where we're going to keep in there Guys the three of you and you want to go first? No, I'll go first. Yeah, go ahead. I can listen. I can only answer for the  for the fucking the G. The real G's. I don't know what pussy boy wants, right? Maybe a dork wants someone to bring him Cheetos while he plays video games. I don't know what they want, but I can say what a real G wants, right? If a man is high status, I tell you something. It doesn't matter what he does, right? I was a kickboxer. Even look at, let's be honest, look at all the work that myron and fresh went through before this podcast. Look at them tearing this apartment apart. Once last time you tore an apartment apart, setting up electronics. Never. Correct. So my point is this, if you're a man and you're actually about it, you're a non-stop under stress, you're a non-stop under pressure, you're a non-stop working, the easiest way to keep a man is be the only place he can find genuine peace. I know it sounds crazy, but he goes, you know what, I can go out with the boys, I can go wild, but if I go home, I just get food, I get massage, I can just relax, I can turn my phone off. And I know that sounds too easy, but if a man's actually living a hectic life, cause you're not gonna,  to be a high value man with a calm life. Your life's hectic, it's stress. There's problems. You go idiots at the door, you might have to punch. You go stuff going on, right? So the one thing he wants when he comes home, the last thing on earth, when he comes home, he wants us to fight or an argument or a nag over something. Oh, no food at the house. Yeah, it's not even about, he left the toilet seat up, get the fuck over it, right? If you can give a man true peace of mind, true where he can just sit, chill, and turn his brain off. Even for 10 minutes, I swear to God who'll always come home to you. And if you can't give him that, you need to analyze why he ain't getting that from you because it's just not that hard to give. It really isn't that hard to give. That's how you keep a man, because he can find stress everywhere. And he can find sex everywhere. The only thing he can't find everywhere is peace of mind. That's what you need for fun. That was a good answer. Fantastic. Let me tell you that. I have a question for you real quick, just so I can make sure I answer this correctly. You were featuring a music video, right? Yes.  Oh, lean by and baby. Lean by. So you've been, and I only asked this because I kind of want to give you the best answer personally to you, right? So to Taylor, so I'm assuming you rub elbows with higher status men, men that have some cloud, maybe some athletes, some rappers, whatever, maybe, right? I'll be painfully honest with all you ladies right now. You ain't gonna keep them niggas around. You're not. You won't. You won't. And the reason why is because, yeah, you're not gonna be able to keep those types of men around. I mean, you, you can, if you like really you're on your game and you're like, you know what I'm saying? And he has a thing for you and maybe the stars on line, everything like that. But a lot of times these guys, man, they already have a hair and a women. They just want to be able to run around and do what they want to do. You know, it is what it is. So they're kind of like kids in a candy store that we're waiting 20 years to get into this candy store, which I've talked about before about and want to get into that. So if it's those types of guys, it's gonna be very tough to lock them down. You know what I'm saying? But a regular guy, I agree 100% with what Andrew's saying. Fuck, I can't get in. Yeah, oh, see, nice figure.  I figured so yeah, and here's the thing a regular guy could be a guy that like makes a lot of money But isn't necessarily a rapper or a musician or a celebrity Yeah, I'm saying so you can you can keep those guys around you know I mean he could still be a high earner, but he might not necessarily have clout now If you're gonna deal with guys if you're gonna be a chick that's a club chaser. No, not saying that you are You know, but then understand that you're gonna have to share that guy He might smash you and everything else like that But it's gonna be fairly difficult to get anything of serious consequence for him. Yeah, and I'll say think about this right Actually yourself to question how do you stand out from every other girl and the thing is like There's for every one of you, right? There's maybe half of a high value guy. So what makes especially the man that we discussed is that second ago So what what makes it better than her can you tell me? What makes it better her The point here is that like you have to add value outside of just sex So I'm just saying if you want to keep a guy okay, right after sex What's your perspective for sex?  Okay, you know what? Don't play the game of like, okay, I'm gonna avoid his Texas for like a dare so like make it as Symbols possible by the same time. Let's see at the business, right? And so you know if I know he does like um, you know our car washes Hey, babe. I was looking at this this new machine that helps you wash cars a lot faster That's adding value because once again, the damn this chick is actually looking at my business like that's really cool Most girls are like, you know what? I'll just smash an end like play play games So I'll just say I value whenever you can and that's kind of like makes us sound a lot more than regular girls Yeah, and and with the celebrities and the rappers and stuff like that get what you can out of them and just understand that They're not necessarily gonna be low to you like you play the game right back. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you know and just find a if it's a cloud guy is gonna be tough to lock them down You know, but there's plenty of men that you know are rich and attractive and you know I'm saying and they don't they're not necessarily rappers or You know a list celebrities and stuff like that, you know what I'm saying So I had to ask that because I saw you I saw your IGLs like oh, just check it was a music video. All right. I know what time it is I  Okay, yeah, yeah, so super chats real quick. Um, we got a $50 miles Mickey miss slim and Kenya too worried about being controversial loyalty each other while trying to in or nature nature always wins Andrew. I'm indefinitely will see you in warm soon love with all your brothers do. Absolutely. Uh, downtown brown ice iceberg slim. That chick, my pimp hand be smoking slim. You got something for that rebuttal. They say that. My pimp hand real strong. Yeah, Slim back. That was that was the one. The phone shook brows by the call to the box for him. The black god. 70 hours like the godfather Kevin Sam, you'll say you can't make this is up. Slim is for the streets. Oh shit. So you got to rebuttal back. I'm gonna say slim. I'm chillin today. Okay, she said fuck you, nigga. Grand Curry Ron Curry. $50. What about Jeff Bezos situation? Uh, man, come on. Once again, same thing as Bill Gates. Yeah, Marcel Fidiar's I have a question for slim. Is love real? I ask because even if a woman found a man that wouldn't sleep around, they will leave him immediately as soon as they got bored.  or they lose attraction for him and already have the next suit ready to go. Slim? Love is real. Love is real. At the end of the day. Cool. Our next one. Love is real based that it's contingent upon you not losing your edges in man. I will say that. Black is my figure. I was, how are you supposed to be a high value man if you need experience yet? Can't gain any experience. Good bitch, I said, good bro. Move. The fuck? Like, yo, like, if you want to improve, you got to move, bro. As a man, no one is going to give you anything in life, bro. You don't get the privilege of being pretty and selling feet pictures, making 5,000 hours of work. Like stop crying, bro. Get the fuck out your comfort zone. Out for life journey, 50 hours. High value man, want loyalty and don't embarrass your man doing stupid things. It's a rarity in today's world facts. Kuehbun, sweetie. Exactly. And then Neo, Hikari, y'all got the Hibachi grill out tonight. These women get good constructive arguments and professionals always y'all will be go to the no time. Andrew got on an extra shmidium, shmirt, a lemon, all love though. Andrew, you got something to say back to Neo.  make it fun your shirt. Is he making fun of my shirt? I think he did, yeah. Is there something wrong with my shirt? I don't know, he said it's just medium. Yo, Neo, just so you know, how much does that watch cost Andrew? Like 200,000? No, no, no, no. I brought the cheap one, bro. Oh, yeah, I saw your AP that you were flexing. I was like, oh, shit, bro. AP's like 400 grand, buying, wearing not less abstracts. Yeah. Jonathan Baronville, yeah, Miami too. Jonathan Baronville, $50. I got out my way to avoid women with status, not due to intimidation, but because they're usually overly masculine, even if not my choice. My current shoddy was a waitress, even though I could be with several women, I know, professy with status. That's right, man. Yeah, men like women that typically are just feminine and attractive and earning doesn't really matter. Okay. So ladies, last thoughts on the show, you loved that you hate us, you want to kill us? Let us know. So we'll start here. Last thoughts on the show. Yeah. I want to say thank you for inviting the most beautiful women out here. You guys do your job real right with that. Okay, that's all I got to say. Preach to that. Cool. Right, thank you for coming on the show. I think it's interesting, you guys have different perspectives on everything, and I really...  they like to hear it from like different types of guys. And I just like it. I don't know. Cool. Awesome. Thank you for coming on the show. You like to answer up a lot, but it's okay. I want to say that I work hard to be a high value woman. And I don't need no man. OK. Oh, shit. I always look for a man that could bring something to a table. But I can also bring something to the table. So come on. The internet's dying on us. OK, hurry up before the internet does. Thank you for having me. It was a good time. My vibes, you know, slim. We held it down for the black ladies. How he show the show? Show the show. Yeah. Cool. Cool. Andrew, you want to leave any last words for the people? Well, Andrew go last. Cool. Andrew, the last. Let's let the ladies get their last comments. And then go ahead, Miss DR quickly. Well, thank you guys for having me. You know, I liked being a part of this podcast. It was nice hearing the perspectives. And you got to meet the ladies.  very and you take yeah I expect 9.97 in my PayPal by tomorrow And you can send it to match maker miren gains and fresh princ. Yo We literally just help you bag a millionaire. You're welcome. Okay, miss d. R go ahead Uh, let me start miss Columbia. Yeah, final thoughts I just really liked these topics. It was they're very interesting But thank you for having me. Oh you're welcome. Yeah, you were welcome again. No, we'll bring you back You're good sport. Thank you so much for coming on the show And I noticed that you were like nodding with a lot of the things we're saying. Yeah, I think it's fun I definitely agree with like most of the things you guys say like most of them. Yeah Up in mind. No, it's very interesting because uh, you know, you deal with rappers and celebrities etc And it's very and a lot of women tend to agree when they deal with certain men of certain calibres and stuff When we say these things, they're like that makes sense. They live in the real world. Yeah You know what I'm saying? So thanks for being a good sport. We'll help us get five children to show. Yeah  Okay. Okay. Good. Mr. Vienna. I thank you guys. I like that. You're so like educational and informative without being condescending because I think it's really hard for men a lot of times. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Some guys are disrespectful. You know what I mean? It is what it is. We had a 200-hour super check. We pulled that one back up real quick, Chris. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to, it was from Penn. Thank you so much for the support. Thank you, Penn. This will be used to get some security for the next crazy chick that comes in. This the third after hours, it's been on. Actually, know what? Yo, Slim, you want to be our security, bro? Yeah. You could be. You could. I mean, she would. This is the third after hours. It's been on. Okay. She wanted the best females. Yo, I had on. I said, I DM dive last time. Still going to this was a good as show. Tay is a true man. Definitely going to look into your stuff further, brother. So what's your Instagram again? It's a, say, little baby. It's it's a dot little dot B E B E. Hey, some show. Okay. I shall spell her on Instagram. Yeah. Guys, go ahead and support. Thank you. It's been a good sport. Okay. Slim.  What's your final thoughts? Do you hate us? Do you like this? No, I don't hate you guys. Guys can argue respectfully. Yeah. And we'll bring you back on the show because we don't want to echo Chamber in here. You know, you disagree with us. It's fine. You'll be the contrarian. That's totally cool. Sorry. Let's see. Thank you. Thank you guys for having me again. And let's refresh Chris. We refresh that thing.  Oh Shit think Yeah, you two waiting. Yeah, that's facts man. All right Chris is acting it's acting stupid on your own right? Yeah, fuck it all right when the broadcast there I wanted to give I want to finish up You See if we oh shit, oh, it was what it's half oh Yeah, you might you got it. Oh, yeah, put the one no take take that one off Chris. Yeah, you have to remove Okay, but I went on and then take that one off I think we're back on Can you guys Boom can you guys hear us? Okay? Is a I think one back last thoughts is a real quick  before thank you again for having me third time on here there times a charm and personalities and the men I enjoyed your guys thoughts real quick is I need a favor Could get a pull my Before it's again, I guess on a poll can all the ladies give a stand up a quick give the give the guys I can't see it I can't get the Lolli-Lays on We're so pretty so here go ahead. Okay, look at counts. Okay, okay, the count show to oh Okay, that's the lit get on my Instagram. Yeah, we got some lovely ladies in the house as you guys can see okay Okay, okay, let's stand up. Stand up. Come on look You got a little dog on her too, okay? Okay, okay, and then oh shit Okay, and then and then we got yeah, we got the lovely that he's obviously now I'm gonna give it down to Marko to the ladies for being good sports. We can see Columbia Dominican Republic Kenya. We got women for all over the place here  Now everywhere this is the new one out here on this podcast. You know what I'm saying? I'll take talk and it's on a poll. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So nobody else knows the loser poll closing words. Yeah closing words. Yeah closing words. Yeah, I could talk positive. I think all the girls were fantastic. I appreciate every single positive and all the contrary and views. I appreciate them all. What else can I talk about? I think those guys know what we're talking about. You ladies should listen to us a little bit, at least understand what we're trying to say and perhaps adapt it. And besides that overall, I don't know. I just want to go find that fucker who came to the door. That's what I can say. He's waiting for me downstairs a thousand percent. Oh listen, I'm listening. Guys join the Patreon. Yes, yo, I'm about to listen. I'll tell you what's happening. I'm about to walk downstairs a guarantee is there. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. The whole thing. It's on. Let's go. If you want. If you guys want to see me and Andrew be somebody up, go ahead. It's on. It's on. It's on. Cause the fuck two hotheads.  That's bad. It's not about being a whole hide, but you're like you're acting strange and I find that threatening. Yeah, acting weird. I find that threatening song. Okay, so I'm sweating. Okay, okay, okay, let's uh, I'm gonna look at it. Okay, all shit. I got my money gun. Let's get it. This is the best. This is the best. This is the best podcast. All right, ladies, just move out the way just just