 Did you ever think you would make it? I still don't suppose I could take sleep at this door. You know this slide, man, for me. I don't. What's your name? The future looks bright. That tape. And Jay goes better than anything I ever saw. It's right here. You are a one-on-one. My son Jay. I think I'm going to put it on a phone. I'm going to put it on a phone. I'm going to put it on a phone. Okay. So it's episode five, five, five, with the one-on-one. Andrew Tate. We did it once. The first time I think it was in Madrid. The second time it was in Romania. The third time is in the States. He's in the flesh. He's here on the set. Andrew, it's great to have you on. It's very good to see you. Yes, it's good to see you. It's been a while. Was it been two years? It's been two years. It's been two years since we did a last-in in Romania, which we came in right after your friendly meeting you had with BBC, which was fantastic. They treated you royally. You remember that whole set up? I do remember. Yeah, I'm not sure if anyone remembers that report or though. I think she's felt a fault.  into insignificance. It's kind of interesting how they sit me down and try and grill me when no one even cares who they are. So that's actually a very good question. Where is she? I don't even know what she does. Well, she vanished. I guess the USA money dried up. She's vanished now. I mean, these people sit down. I was offended by her for various reasons. The first one being when I was in jail, they were begging me for an interview, promising to tell my side of the story and highlight how people in Romania can be locked up without charges. And she said that she was going to ask these very interesting and pertinent questions about the Romanian judicial system. Turns out she hijacked me. Turns up to my house with all these stupid hit piece questions instantly to get me when I got out of jail. I had nightmares, I barely sleep. I sit down with this interview and was completely sidelined. And that was her intention to get a gotcha moment. And then she sits down and talks to me like she has a authority in my home. I don't even know this person is and nobody knows who she is. And now I don't know where she's gone. So I don't need it. But folks, here's what I will tell you. We got a lot of things to talk about. If you have seen part one or part two, you know, we don't do one hour podcast. We're going to go. We're going to talk for quite some time. Here's what I will tell you. I don't know what's going to happen with YouTube.  share the video with everybody. Text it to us as many people as you know, to make sure everybody gets the message. Tate set, push me, challenge me, nothing's on the table. We're gonna talk about a bunch of different things. And but make sure you get this message to as many people as possible. Whether you're watching this on X or YouTube, let's make sure we do that. Okay, so opening question, everybody's doing their thing. Nobody's paying attention to what's going on. And then all of a sudden, Andrew and Tristan Tate are on a flight on their way to Florida. They haven't tweeted anything for 24 hours. You guys concerned people when you stop tweeting things, right? And then all of a sudden, tweet X, whatever you want to call it, there's no message going out. I don't know if you can say X-ing, right? They ask if we're tweeting. So then all of a sudden, the news is you land in Florida. Everybody sees the video. When that happens, the great governor of Florida, which is one of the reasons why we moved here. He does a great job running the state. He was asked about you. This is what he had to say, rather than if you can play the clip.  We have no involvement in that. I read about it through the media. Clearly the federal government has jurisdiction whether they want to rebuff his entry into the United States. And I have confidence that whether it's Pam Bondy or Kristi Known that they will be looking at that. I do know our attorney general James Oothmeyer is looking at what state hooks and jurisdiction we may have to be able to deal with this. But the reality is is no Florida is not a place where you're welcome with that type of conduct in the air. And I don't know how it came to this. We were not involved. We were not notified. I found out through the media that this was something that was happening. Okay, guys. So he says you're now welcome. Now President Trump was asked. President Trump was asked the same question. This was his reaction and I'm just going to turn it over to after this.  than we're robbed, just close it up. Yeah, there you go. Go for it. Great. Landed in Florida today on a private jet after being released from custody in Romania. They are accused rapists, human traffickers, not thought of as good people in many circles. Did your administration pressure the Romanian government to release them? And if so, why? I know nothing about that. I don't know. You're saying he's on a plane right now? He's back. They already did. Yeah, I just know nothing about it. We'll check it out. We'll let you know. Inter-intro. So you got the governor says, Florida is not a place where you belong or welcome to. President Trump says he doesn't know anything about it. How were you allowed to come to the States and leave Romania? You know what's interesting? Trump is such a boss. Trump is such a boss. His answer is, he's such a gangster. Don't know. Don't know. I don't know anything about it. I don't know. That's the correct answer to most things. This is some life advice to everybody at home. 99% of the time we run.  to question as a man the correct answer is, I don't know. I don't know. So I like Trump's answer. As for Ron, I'm a little bit disappointed, I'll be honest. I've never said anything bad about him. I didn't know much about him. I was a fan of his. I heard that Florida was a great state. I know he did well under COVID. I knew nothing about the guy. But it turns out when he was pressured, he instantly caved to the pressure. And we have to have a long conversation about why the liberals and why Soros and why these wrap-up smears, why they used immediate to do what they do because what they try and do is isolate somebody. So they're afraid to be, so people are afraid to represent them or stand by them or stick up for due process. I don't know why Ron's answer wasn't. He has an American passport. The judicial system in Romania, which I know absolutely nothing about decided to let him fly. And he's flown to his home country. As far as we're concerned, he's broken no laws. Instead, what he did was say, we're going to get our attorney general to try and find some laws he's broken and wreck this man who's done nothing inside of the United States ever. Isn't the whole point of democracy? And it's certain to approve.  guilty, I've yet to even have a trial. Let alone a conviction. I've never even been tried. After three years, I've never been to trial. All those times I'm walking in and out of court. I've never had a trial. And communism, as we've understood it and tried very hard to fight against for so long, the basic premise is that you find the man and then find the crime. Is that not exactly what Rhonda Santis just promised to all of his constituents? It's not we've seen a crime, let's find the perpetrator. It's we found a man. Let's see if we can find a crime to pin on this man. Is that the American way? Is that democracy? Is that innocent until proven guilty? Now I'm not afraid of it because I know I've done nothing wrong. But it's quite unusual and quite scary for me to a land as an American citizen, expecting a hero's welcome after dealing with a foreign and complicated judicial process. And being told that now the American state is going to be set on me, trying it's very best to lock me up here when I've done nothing wrong ever. This is communism in and of itself. I may as well fly back to Romania. This is incredible that I landed.  And the governor of Florida is like, don't worry, I told my attorney general to try and find things disman's done. Where did they even come from? So I'm very, very disappointed in Ron. I think he did it because he caved under media pressure. And if he wants some media training, he can hit me up. There's no problem. If he wants training, wrong. There's a reason you lost a presidential election. So the reason you got wrecked, if you want some training, come to me and I'll tell you, your correct answer was, we have no information of crimes he's committed inside the United States. He is an American passport. We were not aware of his arrival, but it's not really our concern. He's an American citizen returning to his home country. If he breaks a law within Florida, he will be held accountable as well as any other person would be. And until that point, that's it. But instead, he just completely caved and folded. You know what's really interesting? The liberals, soros, all these NGOs, the media, they understand something intrinsically that conservatives do not understand. In the conservative world, an accusation is the same as a conviction, which is why liberals are so effective, the liberals will accuse a conservative of...  something. Though wrap up smear them. Hello, Ron, Nancy Pelosi explained the wrap up smear. She explained it herself. You can find the clip of her explaining. You get the media to repeat something so many times that that person's name becomes toxic. And then what that person says isn't significant anymore because of the accusations attributed to their name. Nancy Pelosi described how they do this to people. Is this is this is this is let's play go for Brown. It was in the rest of it. So they don't want them to see that contrast. So they focus on something else. And it's a diversionary tactic. It's a self-fulfilling problem. You demonize and then you it we call the wrap up smear. If you want to talk politics. You call it the wrap up smear. You smear. Talking about it openly. With falsehoods and all the rest. And then you merchandise. And then you write it. And if they see it's reported in the press that this this this and this. So they have that validation that the press reported the smear.  It's called the wrap-up smear. Now I'm going to merchandise the press's report on the smear that we made. And it's, it's attacked. And it's self-evident. But I, Earth to wrong. Earth to wrong. Like, this is what they do. They demonize you in the media to the point where nobody will stand by you and your ideas are ignored because of what you're accused of. This is exactly what they did to me. Ron fell for it. Instead of standing there and saying, we have no evidence of crimes. He is an American passport. It's innocent until proven guilty. I don't understand the Romanian system. What he did was collapse instantly and completely. And liberals know this. If you accuse a conservative of something on the other side, the conservative's cannibalized. An accusation is as bad as a conviction in the conservative circles. If you accuse a liberal of something, do you think the liberals care? Let me change it. If a liberal is convicted, if a liberal held a gun to a pregnant woman, if a liberal has a career criminal, they don't care. But, art side, if you're accused of something, you're instantly cannibalized. Talk about the.  weakness in the conservative circle. We wonder why we've been getting our asses kicked by people who don't know what gender they are for years, because all they have to do is point and lie, put it in the news enough times and they will take out our strongest soldiers. I was one of the strongest soldiers advocating for conservatism and helping men, especially young men, find their masculinity once again. So they just attacked me and now who's against me? Liberals, yeah, and a whole bunch of conservatives are upset with me. Oh, but the media said, the media said, have you not been through COVID? Do you not remember what the media said about Trump? Hello, Nancy Pelosi just told you what they do, Ron. And he sat there and completely collapsed. I'm not offended personally, and I'm not afraid of his AG, because I've done nothing wrong. And if you want to put me in jail in America, I'm not afraid of that either, because I've just accepted my fate. I'm public enemy number one. However, I actually truly see this and Ron, this is not an insult. That was a competency test you failed. You failed a competency test as a leader. Trump didn't. They asked Trump questions and he answered like a guy.  like a man should answer. I don't know, because he doesn't know. He doesn't know the details of the Romanian system. He's not read my bullshit indictment. He's never spoken to me. He doesn't know. That's a correct professional answer. So you guys have never spoken. I've never spoken to the Donald Trump. So how were you able to come to the States? I heard stories. One of them was, sorry for your loss of your grandmother. I heard the news and you know, where one part of the stories that they allowed you to come you afford a loss of your family that you're here. Another one is you're visiting because now you can, but which one is it? What's the reason why you're this? I'll tell you why. Please. I'll tell you why, but I'm going to finish that point. When you do not know something, the most masculine thing you can say is I don't know. Trump's like, I don't know. I don't know the details. I don't know. I'll look into it. Instead, Ron knew nothing and collapsed. So Ron failed a basic competency test. That's what I believe. I don't care what he said. I'm not scared of his AG. He failed a competency test. That's his problem and his burden. So that's my view on Ron. But one thing I want to qualify this, you just made a commitment to helping him. I would mark it and if he says yes. If he pays me, you're open.  to it. Yeah, I'm looking. Okay. Look, I like money. If you'll pay me, I'll teach you how to deal with the media because clearly he failed. But all I'm saying is if you commit to it, you know, they may get a call for 2028, just be ready for that. But yeah, so if you can afford me, I'm very famous and I'm very important. Maybe you can afford me. If Ron can afford me, I'll help him out. And I'll let him know the reason he failed. Because especially, and this is extremely important. And I don't think people actually understand how much subconscious judging that they go through all of the time. When you walk into a room, you're subconsciously judged all of the time. Right. And small little failures like that, even the people who hate me, even the people who dislike me and are happy, he said something negative against me. If you're going to collapse in the face of the ABC or NBC and people who do nothing but lie and start splouting garbage, which you know nothing about, how are you going to stand in front of Putin? How are you going to stand in front of G? Like you failed a competency test. I don't believe he's fit to run a country anymore. And then God, he's not president. That's what I think after I saw that. I'm not scared of what he said. I just literally think.  and he failed a competency test. Now let's talk about why I was allowed back in America, well the first thing that I have a passport, if that's the first reason. Secondly, it's kind of amazing that I'm seen as the number one fugitive. I have no criminal record anywhere on the planet. I've no criminal record in the UK. I have no criminal record in Romania. I've never been convicted. I've never been convicted of anything in America. I have no criminal record ever. If you go down to the mall in Miami and walk around, you're gonna walk past 30% of people with convictions. You're gonna walk around amongst criminals. I've never been convicted of anything ever. So it's amazing that I'm fugitive number one. That's the second point that's interesting. The third point, and this is what's kind of funny when they tie Trump into me being free. My case was dismissed in December under President Joe Biden. The judge ruled that there wasn't enough evidence for it to go to trial in December under Joe Biden. Then the standard operating procedure in Romania and every other sophisticated judicial system is, there's no indictment in the court. It was in the court...  was rejected by the court to go to trial due to lack of evidence or in fact, in our case, it wasn't even lack of evidence. It was falsified evidence. It was illegal evidence, which we can talk about. It was rejected, but for some reason our bail conditions were kept. And they were kept saying the prosecutor believes he might rewrite it and try again. Is this a judicial system? Two years you keep me trapped in a country. You send an indictment to court. The court rejects and they keep you on bail so the prosecutor can spend another two years typing up garbage. Is this a judicial system? I ask all the Americans who are watching this. How much blood do you expect me to give to a foreign country's judicial system? I gave them three years of my life, my reputation, missed my grandmother's funeral, didn't see two of my children, lost my money, lost my house, lost my cars, sat there, went to court on time every single time and it got rejected by the court. And now I'm kept kept on bail and eventually they released it and let me fly. Am I supposed to do what? How long am I supposed to...  to sit there while this country decides to try and find charges on me. Have I not done enough? Have I not given enough to Romania? Mike Bail conditions that I have to return on the 23rd of March. I'm going to make it very clear to right now to everybody listening. I am going back. I'm going to fly back and obey my Bail conditions. I'm not running from anything because I'm not a coward. But I find it completely flabbergasting that people are sitting and going, oh Andrew, why did you leave Romania of his innocent? I've been there three years dealing with this garbage and I never went anywhere. Let's let's actually analyze this. Imagine in an American court, they said to you, yeah, you're innocent. Yeah, there's not enough for trial, but you're still on Bail. You still can't fly. You still can't go anywhere. We sent it back to the prosecutor and told them to try again. How long would that take as long as they want? Is that justice? I ask anybody. Is that justice? Is that expected of me? It's absolutely insane. And all the people who are complaining about the fact I'm here have never been to Romania. Don't know the Romanian system. Don't know the Romanian judicial process. I've been through...  for three years, I barely understand it. These people are sitting around talking about things when they don't even understand. They don't have a clue what they're talking about. Another question, which is quite pertinent, I want to ask. I've seen a lot of idiots say, Andrew escaped Romania because it was corrupt. If it's corrupt when I get to leave, isn't it corrupt when they lock me up? Or no, it's not corrupt, and they stick to the rules when they lock me up and destroy my life, but after three years without charges, when I'm allowed to leave, it's corruption. Think about the dichotomy of that. It's either one or the other. So people are just picking and choosing and doing anything they can because they don't like me. This is nothing to do with due process. These people don't respect due process. They don't care if I'm innocent or not. They just don't like me. Patrick, I have a feeling if I was fat and ugly, none of this would be happening in terms of the hate that I'm getting from the conservative type. You know when you're like tall, brown, sexy and rich. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Nice attack. Mine's got diamond.  When you're tall, brown, sexy and rich, they just don't like you. Any conservative should be sitting here going, I don't agree with Tate, but do process, and he's not been charged. He's not guilty. So he's flying. It's normal. But they hate me so intrinsically. They hate me on a visceral level where they're saying, forget do process. Forget the legality. Forget the fact that the Romanian judicial system shouldn't be trusted. Forget the fact he's given them three years of his life. Forget all that. He's bad. Crazy. By the way, when you say dismissed, Rob just pulled this up as of March 3rd, the charges against Andrew Tate have not been dismissed. In December 2024, Romanian court identified procedural errors in the case leading to a dismissal. However, investigations into allegations of human trafficking, rape and forming an organized crime group are ongoing. Correct. Is it still that is that so correct? So let me clarify. Correct. Absolutely. December 2024, my case was dismissed. The Romanian court identified procedural errors in the case leading to a dismissal. That sounds like all procedural errors, no big deal.  What if procedural errors are false translations? What if procedural errors are illegal wiretaps? What if procedural errors are not respecting my client attorney privilege? What if they spied on me when I was talking to my lawyer? What if they broke every single law in the Romanian Constitution, which is what they did? Then they returned it to the prosecutor and said, do it all again. So here it says, oh, it's still ongoing. Yeah, it was dismissed because the whole case is garbage, just as I described. They sent it back to the prosecutor, say, we'll keep him locked up, we'll keep him here. Here's two more years. Try again. Is that justice? I'm asking a genuine question. Maybe I'm jaded. Maybe I'm wrong because I'm living in the middle of it. As professional men, do you see that as justice? I beat my case. They lie and cheat the whole way through. They send it back and then they get to say, oh, it's still ongoing because the case is open because we're going to do it again. Is that allowed? So so so so Romania is expecting you to be back by March 23rd. Correct. That's what because of this. No. And did they allow you to leave purely for what's the reason why they allow you to come to the state? They allow me to come to the state.  because in December, my case was dismissed. In 99.9% of Romanian cases, that means the end of bail conditions. With me, they kept the bail conditions. They kept them for December. They kept them for January. They tried to keep them for February. And my lawyers made submissions to court, and we went in front of a judge, and we complained that this is unfair. And a judge said, okay, let him fly, as long as he comes back once a month. And I said, I'll respect the Romanian judicial system because I'm not running from anything. And I'm gonna go back. Guys, anyone who's concerned about me running doesn't understand me. We got a direct order from the commander in chief. It was three words long, and it was fight, fight, fight. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going back to Romania. They may arrest me. Maybe I'm gonna be back in jail. I don't know what they're gonna do. But I'm gonna go back. I'm not running from any of this. I've never run from any of this. My bail conditions were lifted. I've been in Romania for a very long time. I felt like a holiday. I thought Ron was a good governor. I chose Florida. Turns out it's calm me this like the rest, but I'm here for a while. There's no huge conspiracy. There's no Trump pressure. There's none of these things. Three years, like...  they gave the remaining government. Three years and eventually they said, okay, you can go to your home country. They should have let me come here a long time ago. I should have been able to come here the whole time, the whole process I should have been able to come here. I've never been convicted. Why wasn't I free to travel the whole last three years? That's the actual question Ron should be asking. Ron should stand up there or anyone with a brain should stand up and say, okay, well, he's never been convicted. And the case keeps getting thrown out due to lack of evidence or falsified evidence and illegal evidence. Why couldn't he travel all this time? Why was he even stuck in Romania? Why did they even take my cars? Let's be professionals and ask pertinent questions here. Why did they steal my money? Why did they put me in jail? Why did they take all my cars? Why did they take my house? Why did they stop me seeing two of my children? Why couldn't I see my mother when she had a heart attack? Why couldn't I go to my grandmother's funeral? Why was my image slandered? Why was I locked in my house for a year and a half? And I couldn't even leave the living room? Why was I there if there was not even enough evidence to ever go to trial ever? Isn't that a better question than why am I in America? To me, it seems to be. That's the question.  I would ask, why have I even gone through any of this? We can go deep down the rabbit hole, but I have to be careful what I say, because I'm the 23rd, I have to report to the Romanians. But I'll tell you this, Soros and the European Union, which has become communist, have massive influence over there. And you have a huge power struggle between the American state and the Soros state. And there's two teams, and one of the teams wants me and Jail for life. That's why I was dealing with all this. So, but was there any help from Trump's camp to help you get here? Was there any influence there? I have no idea. Okay, so you don't know, okay. I mean, I would like to think from a positive perspective, I'd like to be optimistic and believe that Donald Trump saw this garbage and maybe asked some questions. I like that idea, but I don't know. I had no confirmation. I have no idea. I don't know why. However, as a professional, which I am, I would argue of Kamala one, I'd be in jail. But so would Trump. And so would everyone else. So would you. There's no question. So would you and so would you. So Trump won and perhaps the Romanian said, oh,  the bosses back, ah, we can't do this anymore. That's possible. Did Trump fly to Romania with an AK? I doubt it. But things change. There's a new administration. All the Americans are being released. Why is no one complaining about the Americans that got released from Venezuela? No one's complaining about the Americans that got released from Russia. Americans are being released all around the world because we finally have a real president again. And I seem to be one of them. The Romanian states the thought and said, ah, the bosses back, we probably can't continue to fuck with this guy for no reason. We don't even have a case. As it stands right now, guess how many indictments are in court against me? Zero, not one, not one. Well, let me ask this one here with this situation here that you're in the States. Can you K, because UK and US have an extra dish, you have a law that I think came about, if you can pull it up, I think it's 03 or 07 or something like that. Can you K say now he's in the States, UK, can you K and US's relationship with each other and do anything to you? Is that a risk of yours? Is that...  at a concern of yours and that at all. I'm tall brown rich and sexy. So I have a strong suspicion. That's one of the reasons the UK hates me so much. Because the UK is now a fallen nation. It's a completely communist country. You can't speak out. It isn't interesting that not too long ago, America would talk about going to war and killing people for the idea of democracy and freedom. And now our allies, like the United Kingdom, will lock people up for tweets. Or even worse, Trump and Vance will put Zelensky in this place, which needed to be done. And then our allies will invite him over the next day and hug him and shake hands and promise him money. How do you feel about that? What I feel like is that they're not even our allies anymore. That's a snakeery. You insult, if my brother puts you in your place and I come up behind his back and offer you money, am I my brother's brother? Is that how it works? So now we're talking about the UK government. We can go long and deep into the state of the United Kingdom because every single person I know with money is leaving. Why does the UK want to lock me up? Because I'm seen as a symbol of resistance against their communism. That's why they hate me. They hate me, but-  because I teach young men to think for themselves. That's why they hate me. Because the UK's fallen due to a lack of masculinity, which is why I promote. That's why they hate me. Are they gonna try and get me? Probably. If I go to UK, well, I ever get out. Probably not. Am I afraid of them? No. Because I don't operate from a realm of fear. We had a three word instruction from the commander in chief. So if I had to go to the UK and fight them, I'm gonna do that too. Until then, I'm on the PPD podcast. I don't know what they're gonna try and do. All I know is I don't trust them. And I don't think any American who understands how the world's currently operating trust to UK government with anything. Do you? Would you trust yourself to have a fair trial in the British court? In UK? Yeah. Absolutely not. Exactly. So it's a setup. No. It's an absolute setup. Why did the UK even come for me? Once again, I have to be careful what I say because I'm the 23rd of March. I'm gonna be walking into the jaws of a tiger. But I can tell you this, the UK foreign office was heavily involved in my entire persecution in Romania. From the first day, they didn't get involved later. From beginning, from the before it.  even happened the UK foreign office was saying this man is a problem. We're talking about him in parliament. He's a big problem in our schools. He's a big problem on the internet. He's a problem. Can't you take him off the internet? Can't you make him go away? That was the UK foreign office. When I got released from Rainian jail, then I got released from house arrest, all of a sudden Britain Trump subcharges from 2009. Supposedly in 2009, I attacked some girl and I was arrested again for 24 hours. I said, remember, you guys remember? And I said that for 24 hours, I was like, okay, wait, wait, wait. Who? When? Can't tell you that. So you're saying in 2009, I attacked a girl. Yes. Who? Doesn't say when? Doesn't say where? Doesn't say. Just says 2009, you attacked a girl by coincidence. Tristan also. 2009, attacked a girl. Where? When? Who? Don't know. 2009, you both attacked girls. No details. We made it up extra. Thank God the Romanian state said, no, this is not even evidence. Can't extract with this. This is nothing. It doesn't mean anything.  So the UK state start trying to get us when Romania started to fail. UK's lost its mind. UK will look at the violence against women and then start saying my name. Oh, this is because of misogyny. Andrew Tate did this. No, what did this is a lack of a border unchecked migration. Thousands of people coming over from the third world each day on dinghies who have no jobs and loiter around the streets. That's why women are not safe and London anymore. Not to do with me. They know what's nothing to do with me. I'm their fall guy. I'm their fall guy for everything. So does anything goes wrong? They mentioned my name in the UK. I don't stay to chance in their courts, but am I afraid of them? No, because I don't operate from around the fear. I need people at home. You know what? This whole circumstance has truly damaged my faith in humanity. COVID did the same. Before COVID, I really thought people were better than that. But when I log on to Twitter and someone's like, Andrew Tate's accused of, I can accuse a ham fucking sandwich. What does that mean?  mean anything what you're accused of. It matters what you're found guilty of. And then you have to argue about the legitimacy of the court. Because there's people in America who are getting wrecked by courts. That's America. Imagine, please, is there any better sign of my innocence than the fact I won fair and square in a Romanian court under the Biden admin? Is that not the best possible badge I can wear? When Biden was president in a Romanian court, I beat my case. And they'll still sit there and go, oh, but he's guilty. Did I say some stupid things on the internet 12 years ago? Yes. But I also said I'm an astronaut. And guess what? Elon's not calling. So it doesn't matter. It's not you need a victim. You need actual, you need proof. You can't say he said one stupid thing on the internet 12 years ago. Anyone who believes that's a criminal case is a dumbass. So here we are. You talk about Great Britain there after me.  Romania is still after me, they're on the Sanctus is after me, aliens are probably after me. I don't know what to do. I'm just a man. But, you know, we're told Brown, Rich and Sexy. We're doing our best. How did it feel when you landed? You haven't been here for six years. What was that feeling like when you guys landed in the state you were born here in DC? What did that feel like? You know, it's amazing because we were supposed to have Wi-Fi on our jet. No one knew we were leaving. We get in the air, the Wi-Fi doesn't work, of course. So we had no idea about the fanfare. So we landed and Tristan's phone starts working. And then he says, wow, it seems people are very interested. It seems like this is a big, big, big story. I didn't expect it to be this big. I said, yeah, it is a big story. I'm kind of surprised as well. I didn't think anybody would even really care that much. And Tristan said to me, he goes, better this than nobody caring at all. And this is a very interesting point that my haters don't understand. Because I get so many of these conservative dorks, and they are dorks, these nerds.  I'm a big entertainer, bad guy, baby, baby. Crying about me all of the time is the reason my brand is so big. It takes hot and cold air to make a tornado. And there's nothing more feminine than sitting there as a conservative influencer. I'm a conservative influencer and he's so dangerous and he's so bad, he's so scary. You sound like a girl. You sound like a girl, it's gay. They make me sound like a mafia boss all the time. Which is why young men go, well, do I want to be like the big boss who everyone talks about? Do you want to be like this dude who talks about being afraid on his Twitter? My haters can't stop mentioning me. I didn't tweet for all that time because I didn't need to. The whole Twitter was me. I don't need to tweet. I just need to breathe and they talk about me. So they give me so much unlimited energy. If my haters have had a brain, they'd stop talking about me but they can't. They can't. So when I land and all these haters and senators and Ron and everything that I'm going to break down, I kind of just sit in the middle of it like, well, I mean, I guess on the main character, I guess. I mean, what am I supposed to do with it all?  You're asking how I feel. It's kind of interesting because it was such a whirlwind and it's still such a whirlwind now and I know I have to go back in a few weeks. No feelings of really come to light. Come to light out of you. I don't feel and you know, I don't feel relieved anyway. Remind this family, memories, you and Tristan by yourself, hey man, this is kind of cool. Six years. Nothing. There is, there is an element of that. But how do I say this without sounding psychotic? Let me try and not to sound crazy because my haters have enough ammo. Let me try to sound psychotic. Parts of me will be disappointed if I don't go to Reminian Joe. And I know this sounds nuts. Maybe this is a coping mechanism. I don't know. We can all talk psychology. When you're a man and every single government in the world is after you, maybe you cope by thinking, well, if they do win, I'll get a cool story. Maybe that's coping. I'm being honest now. We can talk to Dr. Phil. I don't know. But I was so certain.  that we were cooked. I was like, you know one beats these people. You can't beat this is a fucking setup. And they're going to rig the next election like the rig 2020 and they're going to set us up and we're done. We're toast. I was so certain that I was cooked. I kind of in my mind was like, oh, I'm cooked. And now I'm not cooked. I'm like, well, I don't deserve to be cooked, which is good. But it's a very strange feeling. I just hadn't prepared for it. I don't know what else to say. It's really weird. It's really weird. But I was disappointed by my welcome. I'm not going to lie, but I'm going to train Ron. We're going to be okay. We've been on video a few times, but you sound angrier than ever. Is that your resounding emotion right now? You know, I said this on the plane to Tristan and I said that him and I truthfully, if I think and if I analyze one of the reasons why our haters hate us so much and it must be very frustration frustrating to dislike us. Because in the end, we always just seem to win. It must be very frustrating to hate us. And then no matter what happens, how many times they think we've got this guy, banter rights, look for.  criminal cases in Romania, two criminal cases in England. He can't fly. He's done. Here's an old video. He's explained a thousand times. Let's retweet that. Look, we've got him. He's toast. No one will talk to him. The governor hates him. And then I want to jet boom bang. Oh, they must hate me. I get it. I get it, right? And then you can talk about, you know, if this is the universe, if this is your own hard work, if you're divinely protected, if it's fate, all of these things. But for some reason, I seem to be very competent and very lucky. And when you're both of those things, vengeance crosses your mind quite often because you know that you can, it's easy to be vengeful because you know if you talk, you can easily get retribution against the people who have wronged you. But I don't want to be a vengeful person. And I don't want to go out on a path of vengeance. However, I do think that justice and balance are important in the universe. I do think the moral arc of the universe should bend towards justice. I do think the people who have lied. I do think the people who have done wrong things. I do think the people who have decided to destroy my life should.  face justice. I don't think that's vengeance. I think that's balance. So for that reason, you say it's anger. I would call it potential energy, which is stored, which will be directed towards justice. I'm not looking for vengeance. I'm not looking for revenge. All I want is the world to be fair. Don't we all want the world to be fair? I expect a fair trial, and I expect my enemies to have a fair trial. Unlike my enemies who are praying, I do not have a fair trial. I don't want that. I want my enemies to have a fair trial just as I will, because I know I will walk and they will not. Let me ask you this. By the way, if you're watching this, again, we got 80,000 people in the room right now live watching, share it with as many people as possible. We're going to be going. We got a lot more topics to be talking about. We don't know if to start. We'll stay on, share it with folks. Question for you. If I wanted to find out what my audience looks like, and I want to bring it down to 100 people, and it's okay. Let me take all the followers and let you say they're in the room together. What did I-  look like. I'm like, okay, 62 percent business owners. Cool. 3.8 percent Middle Eastern. Great. Politics, family, kids, finance, got it. If I was to go in the room and bring it down to 100 people out of your tens of millions of followers that you have, what do you think your followers look like? It's a good question. A lot of people would expect it to be explicitly only male, but it's certainly not. I get a lot of support from females as well. So I would say it's 90 percent male, 16 to 30, usually younger guys, but all the older guys know who I am as well. It's pretty well spread across the world. It's pretty international. I get letters and support from Mongolia and Thailand and Singapore and Australia and absolutely everywhere, not just the Western world. And then there's a huge contingent also of females who support me. Traditionally, Republican females, or I've had a lot of letters. I want to say a lot. I mean hundreds of letters from women in Tennessee or Kentucky or Alabama who are raising their...  without father and they say that they help, I help them teach their boys how to be men. I have a lot of support in the Arab world as well. A lot of support from the Middle East. So what's really interesting, I've never actually encountered any kind of negative interactions in person ever besides media. Most people seem to like me in real life. I've never had anybody say anything negative to me in real life ever, ever, once, ever. Male or female, ever. Lots of women come up and ask for photos. Lots of the beautiful Instagram girls, all the guys are DMing or chasing me. So it's quite a diverse audience I have, but primarily because I think I make young men feel motivated. Those are the ones who are most engaged with my content. 16 to 30 year old males all around the world. So do you think they're, obviously, I don't think any of them would be liberals, as I said, very small percentage would be liberal. Correct. And a big percentage in them would be conservatives, libertarians, drive driven, money makers, competitive business owners, sales, some of them would be that.  Right? Okay. So this depart with what some people say about you. The Santas we already covered so we can skip the Santas because you were very direct with the same. My friend Ron. Right. That's right. Your friend Ron, you're you're going to be his CMO to open with his campaign for 2020. It's very kind of you. They port noise. Here's the port noise. Who is a Trump supporter? He's not Trump on. He actually did a good interview with the interesting. He's got a right leaning audience. Yeah. He says, what's the point of booting out illegals and criminals while somehow becoming a safe haven for the tape brothers? That's one. Two Ben Shapiro. Okay. You know who he is. You and Ben. Good friends. I'm sure you have had dinner already since you've been here because let's do one by one. Okay. So let's do Dave. So go with Dave. What do you say to Dave? Dave's a guy that's done well for himself. What do you say to him? I've spoken to him once on a podcast. And I said women couldn't drive. And the face of horror he pulled. I don't know if he was because he was afraid of his audience. And he was like, look, look, I love women drivers. Is this the one about the Ike?  that you guys talked about. I would do that. I remember that. I said women couldn't drive. And he pulled this fake face of horror because I guess he's afraid of being canceled. Right. It was on a Zoom. It was a girl. It says everything you need to know about Dave. I don't know much about Dave. I don't know. I know I see videos of him jumping up and down about sports teams. And he's 47 with no children and smokes weed. That's what I know. He dislikes me. A lot of these conservatives who dislike me dislike me for the key reason that I am the hero they want to be. They know I'm the hero of the masculine youth and they want to be the hero of the masculine youth. Like why doesn't all the young boys look up to me? All the young men look up to Andrew. They should look up to me. I'm a conservative. I'm a tough guy. No, you're not. I don't know enough about Dave to truly say why he has to point of view he has. I would put it down to jealousy because I'm big tall brown sexy. Protect. Protect. Protect. Don't forget the diamonds. It's a protect thing. I've got diamonds on my mind. Listen, I think Dave can afford to protect. I just wonder what, you know, for him saying something like that, let's go to Shapiro. Shapiro says, you know, before we move on from Dave, but this is the thing that's so important.ify.  was on, if I was my enemy, I wouldn't talk about me. But my enemies are so obsessed with giving me unlimited energy. I don't tweet about Dave. I don't care about him getting excited over a sports team and masturbating when he's high on weed. I don't give a shit that he has no children and he's sitting around alone. I don't care about Dave, but he seems to care about me. I truly have a worldview, and this is an actual genuine belief of mine. And it can't be explained by science, but I guarantee you it's true. If there's enough human beings out in the world, consuming calories, they're doing whatever they have to do. They're going to work and they're trying hard to find money to buy food to eat calories to stay alive. And they're converting those calories into my name, either by typing it or thinking about me, negative or positive. That is Orgones, a word I've just made up. Orgones, I'm like googling it right now. Into the universe, out into the world, which I absorb. Why am I so lucky? Why are my arms so big? How come I have so much money? Because there's all these millions of people around the world.  who cannot stop putting Andrew Tate orgones into the atmosphere. So Dave has just paid me. Thank you, Dave. But after this little splurred, I promise you the chance of me ever considering him as a human being ever again is fucking zero. Really? I don't give a fuck about Dave for a night. I couldn't care less. Wow. Okay. What's this one here? By the way, Rob. That's Dave. I'm working on this. This is Ken. Let's let's go to Shapiro. So a little bit. One second. One second. I'm Ben. Let me lower my chair. Let me lower my chair down. Listen, I suggested the other day that you and Ben do podcast together. Listen, I think about Ben Shapiro. I'm like, I'm going to read Ben's crap. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear it. Ben's crap. Me too about Ben Shapiro. Ben Shapiro, the only only fans donates to A-PAC, which pays Ben. So when he complains about anything to do with me, helping girls, optimize webcam profiles 12 years ago is absolutely hypocritical. He's taking money from only fans today.  He's taking money from only fans as it stands. Ben does only fans videos. Ben, no. What? I'm sure for enough money he would. I'm sure for enough money he would. Midget, I didn't know that. Midget poor. Only fans are paying A-PAC, which are paying him as it stands. Oh, that's what you're saying. So anything about his pornography crap can go out the window. Anything about him complaining about my criminal charges, once again, do process out the window. I like to think after what they just did to Trump. By the way, remember, Trump is convicted. And he's president and nobody believes it. I'm not even convicted. And Trump was convicted in an American court, New York. Okay, you can barely call it American, but it's better than Romania. And I'm not even convicted. So he's our president, we all respected look up to. But me with a lower barrier, who's been lower down the chain, they're going to pretend they're offended by for some reason. So what Ben does to say, Andrew's a criminal and Andrew did pornography, even though he takes money from porn, and I'm not convicted. And he only does this because he's extremely small. And I'm extremely big. Which is what that's why he's upset.  He's he's small and upset and he's just gonna have to sit over there and be small and upset all right Let's see what you're gonna say about this next one because this one she's got a lot of credibility making Kelly Make I don't know if you saw what she said and making is a G. Megan's very good at what she didn't know what she said Yeah, she came out and she you know the Tampa Bay young Republican said something about Welcome in you and Tristan as a free speech absolutist the tastes haven't been formally convicted of any crime And we are welcome to speak to our group. He is welcome to we are old enough to remember when a convicted Fellon won the president absolutely absolutely she responds you've lost your ways boys well Megan Megan I've never spoken to you in my life I actually saw a few clips of yours. I thought that you were pretty good. I was a fan you still can't drive But it's fine. I mean like if people are allowed People are allowed This one is marketing the other one you can't drive Megan, but you can have an opinion. It's a free country You can have your opinion on me  And you can be offended by me for some reason. You could give me your orgones, Megan. You can sit and you can eat your food and you can talk around the table about how Andrew Tates a bad guy. And then one person out of the group will argue with you. Before you know it, there's all these long hour long conversations about Andrew Tate, I don't even know take place. I just seem to keep getting all these orgones from somewhere. Megan Kelly's allowed an opinion on me, so free country. And I'm allowed an opinion on her. My opinion on her from what I've seen is pretty positive. But she could say whatever she wants. I'm not offended by it. I don't take it personally. I'm sure she may have seen some clips with her out of context which we've discussed before and we'll discuss again. And they're never gonna let drop and we can talk about that, that's fine. Would you speak with her? Oh yeah, she doesn't know me. No, no, no meaning. Let's just say Megan invites you. Would you speak with her? Would you do a show with her? I would love it. And she'd sit me down and she'd try a BBC style hit piece and she'd be very disappointed by how badly she gets wrecked. But I would happily wreck her, yeah. I'd happily destroy Megan. Sure. And I'd teach her to drive afterwards. And then we can be friends. What do I mean, listen, what a big heart you have. I'm a nice man. I'm Megan. I'm nice.  I'm a nice guy. Where is all this negative? I'm a nice guy. Okay, you know where I'm going with this? This is kind of where I'm going with this. The reason why I'm going with this is the following. Is I'm really trying to find out, Josh Hawley, respected guy. Okay, this guy's a respected guy. I don't think conservatives should be glorifying this guy at all. I certainly don't think that we should be using any influence in our government to try to get him out of what seemed to be extremely serious charges in Romania. So I would hope that we weren't involved in any way. Josh Hawley. Josh Hawley. Sorry, wait, wait. Who? Rob, can you pull up a speaker? So you use a Josh up big YouTuber. Who? Pull him up. Josh Hawley. Who's guy? This guy right here. Oh, soy face. By the way, fucking. Hey, he is. He is. He is respected. He is respected. He cares for you. No, by me. Okay. So, next in a serious conversation, why do you think some of these guys Megan's a family person. Josh family person. Dave Fair. You want to see what you want to see?  about Dave single doesn't have kids yet. All that stuff. I forgot, isn't it Dave who? Dave Portdor. Sorry, I forgot. You got Ben Shapiro, family guy. On the conservative side. Ben Shapiro's not a family guy. Ben Shapiro's a midget war monger who if he got set to war himself would piss his little pants, sitting down and spending the last 10 years advocating for big strong men to go die in ditches while he sits at home collecting money. Ben is a war mongering, war mongering piece of shit. He's not a family guy. Ben's actually a bad person. And I'm saying that genuinely, I don't usually have personal piece of people. Ben is a bad person. Look at his history during COVID. Look how he pushed for everyone who didn't take the vaccine to not be able to fly and leave their house. Look at all his war mongering. Every single war he's desperate for people to go to war permanently all of the time. And then he sits there hypocritically and say, oh, yeah, Andrew takes accused and a porn while taking money from only fans himself. He's just a bad person. The Ben's just a bad person. That's the truth about Ben. Okay. So that's your opinion. Stick to the family. That's a fact sir. That's a fact sir. That's a diamond protect fact. Stick with.  conservative families, okay? Sure. Why do you think they have a challenge? What do you think it is? Purely with the values and principles, because you talk about justice earlier. Justice is important to you, right? And I've watched you, I'm a family guy. I got, you know, I got wife, I got four kids, I got two boys, two girls. And I, listen, if I had a my way, I'd go to 20. Look, I'm sure you like seeing the alarm having this 14th. I'm sure that for you is kind of- You don't understand each other. Let's put it in that. Let's leave it that way. Yeah, but the point being, we've spent time, and we'll sit down and I say, yeah, that's just not my lifestyle. I would do it this way. Me and I don't see face to face here. We disagree here, but we get along. We have a respectful conversation every single time. But why do you think some of the conservatives who are net positive to society, why do you think they have a problem with you? Oh, I know, I know that a lot of people have problems with me and I completely understand why. Specifically to conservatives, though. Well, the conservatives that have a problem with me, see me as extreme and they see me as degradating to the society, not understanding that.  every single contingent and every single battalion, you need to have people who do different roles and do different things. I may be extreme, right? I may be seen as a rebel or an outlaw, or I may have extreme views or do extreme things, but I am extremely important in the battle against liberalism and the insanity and the communism of the world today. I may do a different job. Yes, Sniper does something different than an assault troop, but we're all necessary. So they think that I'm not on their side because I don't live the same as them. But let's be honest, and I wanna be, I wanna state this without arrogance. None of these people who were sitting at home, white picket fence, perfect upbringing, never had any of the terrible life I had, because I had a very hard life, never had any of the struggle I had, never had any of these things who were criticizing me from my views and things I've done. None of those people moved the needle like I did. I was a cultural force. So, and I was a cultural force for the good guys. I'm not saying I'm a perfect person, but soldiers are not perfect. Warriors are not perfect. The special forces operators, every single Navy SEAL you can find, as,  bulletin' a kid's head, but he's doing it for his country. You can't be a good warrior if you're a perfect person. If I had no bad history, never swore, didn't know any women, and I sat at home and a white picket fence, and I was completely legit, and I did everything but I had the book. I wouldn't have the impact I have. The reason I can speak the way I speak is because I understand the struggles of young men because I grew up in the poorest possible socioeconomic area in the UK. My finger came off, I was stabbed. I made money a illegitimate way. I managed to clean myself up, get up out the ghetto, clean things up, teach men how to be strong, how to be resilient. I have a life story. So these people see me as their enemy for some reason, not understanding that, all of those elements that they don't like are the reason I am the force I am. If I had a perfect, easy little life, I mean, I've had it all the time from these conservatives. They're a pastor and they live in Nebraska and they married their first love, and they have a white picket fence and they go church every Sunday. Great, good for you. Guess what? Most men in the world don't care what you say, because there's no light without dark.  And I have enough dark to bring the light. So you have to stop seeing me as your enemy because I don't live the same life you do. That's the reason I have the impact I have. I'm not gonna apologize for being me. I'm not gonna apologize for the circumstances I was born in either. I'm not gonna apologize. You know, it's truly crazy. They say, Oh, Andrew, you said this on video. He should go to jail. Didn't 50 cents sing that he was a pimp-wisey non-jail. He's, there's a video, 50 cents on YouTube saying he's a PIMP. Is he locked up? No, videos aren't real, right? So none of this stuff is real. It's just YouTube garbage. And they take it and they pretend that I'm the one degradating society. Not the war mongers who are sending us into endless wars. Not the drug dealers who are pushing drugs. Not the liberals who are trying to chop your balls off. No, it's me. I'm the bad guy. You know, Kissinger. He's Kissinger, I believe. Henry Kissinger, yeah. He said a whole bunch of negative shit about me. Wasn't he pro Iraq war? Wasn't he pro war, Kissinger? I don't know the exact schematics of it. But there are literal war mongers. There are-  the true war mongers who are begging for people to be blown to pieces, then tweeting that I'm the bad guy. How the fuck does that make sense? So these conservatives need to really, truly identify who their enemy is and it's not me. The reason they hate me so fervently, the reason they dislike me is because I get the attention they wish they got. What did they just say about you? Oh, something like I'm bad and I shouldn't. Kissinger's dead. Oh, maybe I don't know. Maybe all the wrong guy. I'm kissing or the old Kissinger. Oh, I don't know. This is a kissing girl. Kissinger. Oh, so all the Henry Kissinger is dead. Who's I want to make sure we get on your was a very heavy. He died in 23. By the way, you're right. Kissinger was a guy that caused war a lot. But you may be talking about Adam Kinzinger. It's a pro war. Adam, Adam Kinzinger is not going to be a fan of yours. No, we're sure. Okay, so let's let's let's be professionals. Can everyone stop being emotional and calm down? Let's be professionals. People. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,  business and are sending your tax money abroad to fund endless wars and have murdered millions of people around the globe are saying I'm the bad guy. The people who are on Epstein's Island who own the media outlets are saying I'm the bad guy and you're not mad at them. You're mad at me. Are you one more on? Are you stupid? Now at this point this has been going on for four years with federal agencies from the USA, the UK and Romania are trying to pin me down and they can. Is that not proof of evidence? Is that not evidence of innocence? One more could you possibly ask? You take any one of these governors, senators, media outlet people, any of them. Put them under the same scrutiny I've been under and they'll all be locked up. Every single one for corruption, for racketeering, for influencing all of them. But me, I seem to walk every single case and then the conservative is are getting sire opted to believing that I'm degradating society. Me, not the media, not the fake news, not the transsexuals, not the drag queen story hours, not chopping your balls off, not sending our young men.  I'll wait to die in a ditch. No, me because what I made a joke saying women can't drive. Well, they're saying can't There seems to be a common thread with the conservatives by the way and it's you kind of alluded to it by the pastor in Nebraska as an example They're marrying their high school sweetheart one woman, you know have sex with one woman That's who you marry where you your viewed as a womanizer and you proudly probably said I wish but yet Elon Musk gets a pass Well, no, but this is the thing I did a long 30 minute video on this exact subject. I want to talk about this In fact, maybe my son glasses back on so by the way on look cool. Let me look cool Damn, I wish I Wish I could meet one woman in high school and fall in love with her. I wish I could that sounds like a blessing and I support them Absolutely But I but I didn't I grew up a different way and I didn't and Truth truthfully I have a different worldview now we can go down this whole conversation perhaps we should I did a long 30 minute video on Elon and his recent baby drama and I was explaining that all the people who are insulting Elon don't seem to  understand that his economic bracket and his capability and his mental With his challenges that he's facing. I don't know the guy personally, but I would argue that his primary interest are rockets in space and Tesla he's probably not that interested in sitting around with girls and having date nights He wants to do rockets in Tesla. So what does he need from females children? So that's what he does does he pay for them? Does he take care of them? Are they safe? Does he love them? Yes, but he has other Concerns. This is the business of kings. That's what kings do. Progeny sons airs cool back to work I understand you lawn absolutely Trump does the same thing. He has three or four baby mothers I don't know this is the business of kings if you have the financial capability to take care of five or six different women And they're all happy to birth your progeny Then you're gonna have a whole bunch of children this once again comes down to jealousy The the pastor in Nebraska is jealous of me because I will always have more kids in him because I can bake more bregs I have more ovens you can be mad you can hate me for it. You can sound  the bad guy, but my children are paid for, they're safe, they're women are paid for, nobody's unhappy, everybody's happy, that's the scenario that we're all in, it's my life decision, it's their life decision, and it's nothing to do with you. I don't criticize you making your decision, so don't criticize me making mine. That's the bottom line of it, but they're jealous I have more influence in them. I understand, but to sit there and pretend that it's a threat to society, that I have a whole bunch of rich women's living in mansions having children that we're all happy is garbage. There's much larger threats to society than that. Just to specify, because if you're gonna say this pastor from Nebraska, let's give him some love. Do you remember his name or no? No, his name is Pastor Shane Eidlman, I think it's that's the guy. He, I literally, you know what's funny? Maybe it was subconscious, maybe I scrolled past it. Is this the guy? Is this him? You know what, maybe it was subconscious and I scrolled past it, because I made up pastor from Nebraska, so if there is one who hates me, if there is one who hates me, if there is one who hates me, it proves I have a pretty good feel, a pretty good feel on the demographic who hates me, because I'm sure there is a pastor in Nebraska who's saying, is there a manager?  It's the devil. Well, if it's not him, he just got a shout out. Yeah, it's true. God bless, pastor. Guys, Elon's in the business of Kings. He's trying to have progeny. My security team, in 21 years from now, will be my 10 sons. That's will be my security team. I will make 10 sons and they will be my security team. I have an objective to complete. Now, if a woman comes to me and says, Andrew, I'm better than the rest. I can grow a baby in a week. I'll say, all right, then, I'll be loyal to you. Done. There you go. If it takes nine months to grow a baby, that's the skill issue. It's not my problem. I got worked in. So that's it. I'm honest and open about this. Anyone who wants to attack me for it, that's their prerogative. But I'm not the enemy of civilization in the West. In fact, I would argue I was a large point. I was a large weapon in saving the West and getting Trump elected and waking men up and fighting against the insanity. I would argue I've been on the good team for a very long time and I have suffered for that. If any of these little pastors or any of these little conservative accounts had any actual influence over the needle or over society, they'd be in jail or they would have caught a case. They didn't. Everyone Trump caught a case because he mattered. I caught a case because I.  matter. J-Sixers got cases. That's what they do. Governments, the matrix, when they're mad, they give you a case. If you're sitting there with your Twitter account going, I'm a conservative and I've been preaching conservative values for years and I don't know why the boys like Andrew Tate and not me because I go on long Sunday walks and why they look up to me. I wish I was famous. You didn't catch a case because nobody gives a fuck what you say. Your ability to speak freely is directly correlated to your insignificance. If you are important and people listen, you cannot speak freely. Even now there's a whole bunch of things I want to say that I cannot say. So I was attacked for my capability in the war against these people. That's what I was attacked for and anybody who hates me who hasn't caught a case with respect, you don't matter. Even our enemy don't think you matter. You can be mad at me. You want to think about this. We're all charging at the guns. We're all charging at the machine guns and every single enemy machine gunner is saying, look at that guy. That's Tate. Shoot him. If he gets to our trench, we're fucked. Shoot him. What about him? He's a pastor from the  broskolly don't shoot him let him run he can get here nothing will happen they don't have no power they have no influence they have no capability so they're mad at me and they try to pretend I'm the bad guy I'm like you're bad I'm not the bad guy just beat you it's better than you you say that uh having children is the business of kings right so I don't know how many you have Elon's at 14 I know if you're trying to compete with him Pat has four yes he's very loudly and probably said he'd have 20 if he could yeah what I would understand is the role of a father we see the basically the client and civilization right now especially in America about the lack of fathers in homes we talked about the African-American community how often should a father be with their child and I'd love to get PBD's opinion on this because it it would seem to me he's way more hands on with his children than you so how do you grapple with that interesting question and I would say that instead of just talking about father let's talk about masculine amen as a whole because depending how competent you are as a man depends how potent you are with your time so before I apply this to fatherhood I'm gonna apply it to something else if you  are a man who works in Starbucks and you're not that interesting and you're not that successful. For you to have a woman to be loyal to you, you need to be next to her all day every day. You need to hold her hand and you need to be with her every night and you have to come home every day and you have to talk to her all the time and text her all the time, etc. If you're one of the most famous important rich men in the world, you can talk to a girl an hour a day or 20 minutes a day and you can see her once a month and she'll be loyal to you. Why? Because of the potency of the man, the capability of the man. It's like most things, right? You need less potent alcohol than you do need a whole bunch of weak alcohol. And I would argue it's the same with fatherhood. I think the best fathers are so busy getting things done that yes, they see their children. I see my children all of the time. I see a different child every single day. So I'm with my kids two or three times a week, all of them. But I'm so busy getting things done that I can't be with them all the time. It's true. I argue that would be offset by the fact that I am who I am. If I meet an average person on the street, someone I've never even met and they say, I watched your videos, you changed my whole life and I meet them for five minutes and I shake their hand.  that comes their story for the week. I can have an influence on people quickly because I'm potent and it's the same with my children. My father raised me that way. My dad could be home an hour a week because he was my dad. Now there's other dads who'd say, you're a bad dad, I'm home all the time. You're a couch potato. You ain't raising your son being a couch potato. You may be there, but you have no impact because you don't matter. I have stories to tell. I'm fighting the matrix. I'm interesting. So I would argue, same with Elon. Let's supply it to Elon. Anyone who says Elon can't be a good father because he has so many kids as an idiot. You think Elon with his influence and his brain and his capabilities and his achievements can't see his children for a few hours and make a massive impact on them. You think his children aren't gonna grow up and know that his dad is the first person to colonize Mars and be proud of his last name? Of course they will. Of course, if you wanna be a couch potato and sit at home and have no stories to tell and no capabilities, a thing that makes you a better father, well then you're just an idiot. And you're not even raising your kids because YouTube's raising your kids or the schools raising your kids. You're sitting there jerking off the porn and watching fucking sports with Dave fucking what's his name? Portnoy. Dave dumb ass!  You're jerking off a rapport. So these people aren't better fathers than me. That's an attack factor they're gonna use against me. Of course, I'm not saying I don't see my children, I'm saying they don't matter. I'm saying that I believe with my financial capability and with my achievements, I can have a whole bunch of children. I can put them all on private jets in and out and see all 10 in a day if I need to. And I believe I have a large enough impact on them. My children listen to me and they respect me and their mothers are happy. That's my view. You're saying quality time is way more important than quantity of time. I'm saying your capability of a man as a man. In all realms, your capability as a man reduces the amount of time you need to spend there. Look at CEO. A CEO can spend an hour a week in a business. He's the CEO. It's different than if you're a normal guy. You gotta be there all the time. I believe that potency as an individual allows you to speed run things. You can speed run fatherhood. You can speed run being a boss. These CEOs who have 20 companies and they just turn up once a month because he's the boss. It matters when he's there. And it's the same with me being a father. P-B-D, does this...  You agree with right here because you spent a lot of time with your family. I mean, you Which is a good thing by the way by the way, that's a fantastic thing and there's nothing that makes me happier than being with my family and my children. I just have a bunch of them. Yeah, but let me tell you On what he's saying a part of it for me. I wrote four things down Intentionality as a father if you're intentional one day my dad Before I'm having kids. I'm on a conversation with them. I'm like listen For many years I saw you once a week. I calculated how many days I saw my dad from the day I was born Till I was 18 years old. It was like 500 days I only saw him 500 days. It was once a week and then when my parents got a divorce in Germany I never saw I'm never even talked to him once for 18 months and when I came here They got a divorce I saw him once every other week for one day So you're talking about what 26 days a year 26 days year for Five years due to math. I've seen the guy 500 days from 0 to 18 is my hero. He lives with us, right? I asked him I said you regret any of it. He said not at all. That's a why not. I said look at the man you are today You're independent your little  you all the sudden said, but let me tell you something here that I think Vinnie and Adam, you guys gonna get emotional when I played this clip. Have you seen what Gene Hackman said about his father? No. No. Gene Hackman just died. Yeah. I had 95 years old. Nominative for five movies, five Oscars, right? I think he won two of them. Phenomenal actor, I don't think anybody disputes how great an actor he was. His house where one time at Pebble Beach the guy says, that's Gene Hackman's 30 million dollar house. This is like 12 years ago. He's asked here about his father. In this interview, he's 78 years old. I want you, by the way, did you even know I was gonna play this clip that you showed the clip or that I haven't seen. No, okay. 78. So Gene Hackman died at 95. This is him at 78. 17 years ago. 17 years ago. 17 years ago. The interviewer is a great interview. This insider actor studio does a great job. He asks him about his dad who walked away at 13 years old. Look how this 17, 78 year old alpha winner reacts to that question. Go ahead, Rob. How old were you when your father left?  Well, my dad left us when I was about 13, I guess. Was it easy hard? No, it was tough. Tough. I've read that there was a sort of casual wave, could I? Yeah, I was down the street playing with some guys and he drove by and kind of waved. And that was it. But you saw him occasionally presumably. Were you close to your mother? Yeah, excuse me. Did life change, Rad? It's only been 65 years. Wow. Wow. I feel the pressure. That pause, I know that he pictured that moment with his friends and his dad just going.  piece out and that's beautiful and I'm I'm about to cry and ask I miss my father every single day. But I wasn't. But I but I haven't left my children and I'll never leave my children and I'm there for my children and you said a very important word there. You said intentionally. I think that's important because if my sons come over for two days for those two days is very intentional parenting. It's very focused. It's very directed. I would argue that Andrew Tate for two days focused and directed will be a better influence on boys than 12 hours a day every day for most of these normal dudes sitting around the couch ignoring their kids. So we have to also keep in mind intentionality and potency and we also have to keep in mind financial capability. Elon Ken raised 14 children. He can simply afford it. I can simply afford to have 14 kids. These kids are not abandoned in any way. I speak to them on the phone every single day. I see them all the time two three four times a week. So this is just another attack vector that's used against me because you know it's hard to call me stupid and it's hard to call me broke and it's hard to call me unsuccessful.  the easiest attack factor on me is to call me a bad person. So they simply say, Andrew takes bad. Well, why is he bad? Oh, because he doesn't see his kids. How the fuck do you know? How the fuck do you know? Oh, because he hates women. Says who? I made a joke. Sure, I made a joke. I hate women. Well, how come I have so many women around me? If I hate them and I'm such a bad person, I'm so mean. Oh, but he was accused. Accused by who, Romania. Like this is all garbage, right? There's nothing I enjoy more than being a father. I love being a father and I love raising my children. I think it's the most beautiful thing on the planet. I always say to people, there's nothing more important than having kids. I advocate for all the time. And I would argue Elon does the same. But I'm also a full grown man with a mission to complete and I have lots to do. And sometimes I cannot be sitting at home with the kid, playing kid things, because I have to do big important things. And my son will call me after he's finished Karah and he's beat some kids' ass. And I'll say, good job. You're living up to the take name. Now I have to go beat the prosecutors' ass. And we're warriors. And I'll see you in two days. The jet will be waiting. See you soon, son. And everyone's going to attack me and insult me. And that's fine.  Is that very interesting? What your father said about who the man you are today, right? Can't you judge by results? Isn't that how we're supposed to operate anyway? The whole scientific method is you do XYZ, what is the outcome? So your father did what he did to make you who you are. I saw my father about the same. And I am who I am. And I see my kids more than my dad saw me. And also I have a lot more financial capability and fame and influence than my dad had. And he managed to raise me one of the most influential people on the planet. So I'm very sure my kids will be fine and all my haters and detractors, the little pastor in Nebraska who thinks he's a tough guy. I would argue and I state this, this is not hyper bowl. I would argue that my sons will beat your sons in any competition you can name. My children are smarter than yours and they'll beat the shit out of your boys. And I fucking guarantee it. And I'll also guarantee in 20 years from now you're gonna see the UFC roster. Take, take, take, take, take. So you can hate me all you want. But when the results are world.  Champions when the results are endlessly influential males which continue to fight the matrix as I grow old You it doesn't matter what you say what matters is the end result and my children are being bred for war My sons don't do what your sons do mr. Pastor my sons don't scroll YouTube aimlessly My sons don't go to school and be programmed with garbage my sons spend 12 hours a day every day preparing for their future life Which is gonna be similar to mine nothing but heartache and stress and war my sons are ready to go jail now at five Let's not put the five-year-old to jail date. They're ready at five at five. They're like yes, sir If they say I have to go sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir my children I could say to my sons sit down and I can tell them to sit down in quiet without an iPad without a TV And they will sit still for five straight hours and just sit there because I told them to do they understand This is my world and you're being raised in it I want your other children without an iPad throwing a fit won't eat their food  this garbage, all these people want to accuse me of being a bad parent. Look at your fucking kids. My kids are quiet on planes, my kids are in a row, my kids are saying yes sir, no sir, my kids are quiet on command, my kids don't need entertainment, my kids are perfect. And I'm not just saying that as a father, I guarantee you when you next see me and my children, you're gonna be like, he wasn't lying. My kids are soldiers. So don't worry about my children, worry about yours. And if you really believe, if you really believe that I'm a bad parent and you're better than me, I'll tell you what, your son and my son can meet in the cage. What's that? Five year old kids in the cage? Five, 10, 15, 20, 60, it doesn't matter. You tell me when your kid is ready and my kid will beat the shit out of yours. And I'll beat the shit out of you. Would you? Any time, any place, father, son, royal rumble, cold day, any time, any place, father, son, cold day, I'll get that pastor by his neck. I will show him, I will show him a man. I will get that pastor by his neck and finish him. And my son will do the same day as offspring.  Pat, I want to hear the rest of your list because you went to one and then he's starting doing five-year-olds and cages. I will finish them. Take, take, do you believe in hitting your kids? I believe in life. There is a line in which violence appears. I wanna make this very clear because people are gonna try and misinterpret it. I do not believe in abusing children, I do not believe in abetting children at all. But I believe in life, there is a line in which violence appears. And this is true for everyone. People often say, shouldn't hit girls. So yeah, we're right, shouldn't hit girls. I'd never hit a girl. Say, well, that's not necessarily true. I have sure of a girl turned up and set your house on fire and then killed your dog and I tried to stab you. You push, you do something, right? I mean, police officers shoot women when they charge at them with knives. Like, nobody is off limits to violence. There is a line that if you cross, violence appears. Now, do I hit my kids? No, because I don't have to. But would I? Sure. If I say, you better stop and he disobey me. You better stop, he disobey me. I'm a man and you're a child.  I'm about to show you why. You don't want to find out. This is your last warning. If he defies me, he has crossed the line where violence will appear. Will he be hurt? No. Will he suffer bruises? And will he need to go hospital? Of course not. He'll be absolutely fine. But he will learn that there's a line. Now, we all know that as men, we all know if I get in your face and keep talking too much soon or later, we're gonna fight. We all know that, right? So why, how can I raise boys and not prepare them for the real world? The real world that we live in, not the false world that women wanna live in, not the false world that liberals wanna live in. In the real world, if you run your mouth, sooner or later, you're gonna get checked. So you have to be prepared to fight for every single word you say or don't say it. And I think it makes me a good father to make it clear to my boys that if you wanna talk tough, that's fine. But there will be consequences. Now, if you beat me up, if you beat me, then you can keep talking. If you beat me, if you beat me, then you can talk. But you're older. It's beat me up. And you want to talk to me. Did it scare you? Did it scare you?  Yeah, I'll say to look, I've given you an opinion, you give me your opinion, it seems there's an impasse here. It looks like we have to go kinetic, sir. So if you beat me, then you can continue to tell me you want Cheerios, but I've said there's not much of fuck of Cheerios. So it is what it is. So the answer, truthfully, respectfully, would I hit my children? If they crossed the line, yes, am I psycho? No. Have I hit my kids thus far? No. But one of the main reasons I don't have to hit them is because they know I would. Let's analyze this. This is important. One of the reasons I don't have to hit my kids is because they know I would. One of the reasons the police don't have to shoot you is because you know they would. If you know the police would never shoot you, you wouldn't comply. You comply because you know there is a threat of violence at the end of it. And anyone, there's a lot of people who are anti-violence, right? Oh, violence is bad. Guys, wake up. Violence is the underpinning of civilized society. Violence runs everything. This world we currently live in is...  run by violence. Why am I returning to Romania on the 23rd of March? Because if I don't, they'll put out a piece of paper. It's just a piece of paper. What could a piece of paper do to you? Well, that piece of paper means guys are going to come get me. And who are those people? Why don't I tell them to fuck off? Because if I do, they will become violent. That piece of paper has power because it is backed by the threat of violence. A police officer has power because it's backed by the threat of violence. And a father has power because it is backed by the threat of violence. My sons know if they disrespect me, there will be consequences. What do you think you owe them? What do you think you owe your kids? It's a really good question. Let me quickly analyze the bio them or they owe me. Because I feel like they owe a lot to our last name. I feel like they're heavily indebted already. I feel like they owe me and they owe my father and they owe our last name and they owe our bloodline. I feel like they owe me. I owe them the best chance they can be to be their best selves. Of course I do. And I am heavily interested. I am father of the year. Anyone who thinks I'm not father, I guarantee you I spend more time. Microwave.  my son's upbringing to make him a hero then you can possibly move. So I do have a duty to them to give them the best possible chance, but they have a duty to me to not squander it. My children have a massive burden over their head, which is to take name. And people often say, oh, you know, it's bad to have a father who you're trying to live up to. I mean, I'm sure loads of psychologists say this, but they're all liars anyway. Psychology doesn't work. They've never cured anybody ever. So psychology's garbage, a therapist's a garbage, and liberals are garbage. And what women think about raising voices garbage too? That's all garbage. I think the best thing that can happen for a boy to be raised into a kingdom and look up and say, shit, that's the fucking man. I gotta be like that. This is hard. Oh, it's a burden of performance. Oh, does that make you feel stressed? Welcome to life, son. Because guess what? I have a burden to performance. I have a burden to performance in that courtroom. I have a burden to performance after a 12-hour flight to get off the jet and walk out to the media and deal with them. I have a burden to performance permanently and endlessly. So that's the real world. If you're a man, you have a burden of performance. So I'm...  make sure that they understand that from a very young age. Exactly. The example is what you hold them. Yeah. Everything goes? No, it's my job. You know what, it's actually a balancing act. And I'll be honest with you, very honest with you. Raising daughters is so much easier. Because with my daughters, I feel like I just want her to be happy. You know, my daughter, I just want her to be happy. You want to be a princess? Oh, you're a mermaid. That's great. You're a mermaid. You're a princess. You're a happy. You're smiling. With my daughters, I just want them happy. But with my sons, it's far more detailed. Because I don't want my sons to be happy as much as I want them to be capable. I don't want my sons to be miserable, of course. But I don't wake up and think, ah, just make him happy. I do with my daughters. I'm the worst. I'm a girl. With a girl, dad, she wants a toy. Give her the toy. Oh, he wants a toy. He wants what? What does he want? How many pushups has he done? What do you mean toy? What toy? Get, bring him here. And I get mad. Because with your sons, your far more, you have to...  prepare them for life as a man. It's hard to be a man. So I have a duty truthfully. I think to my sons, the hardest thing is for me not to be as soft as I wanna be. Like with your daughters, you get to just be yourself. And everyone thinks that I'm a big mean evil man. But you'll often know if you've been through enough life that the mob bosses are the big evil man, we're the softest guys. We're so soft with my daughters and with my kids. And sometimes with the boys, it's hard to be hard on them, but you have to be. It's my duty sometimes to harden my heart and say, no. Tade, I've got a crazy question for you. Let me ask this question. I got a crazy question for you. So your daughter, one of them, later on she brings a guy home. He's like you, okay. And confident, not intimidated by you. I want his ass, but he's respectful, but he's confident. And he's kind of like you. He comes up with a swag, because that's what they're used to. Right, of course. They get married five years later, they got two kids. Okay.  She finds text messages, she finds out he's got a handful of girls on the side. You find out through your guys who run the clubs because people are going to be like us, we're going to be reported back. Everything's coming back to us. You find out he's set up with three, four, five girls on the side. Are you confronting him? So I say this and I've answered this question before and people find my answers surprising, but I'm going to be very honest with you. My plan for my daughters and my number one hope for my daughters, if I could plan their lives head to toe, would be for them to a relatively young age, me a man who is older than them, who can take care of them financially and get pregnant and have a family. If my 21-year-old daughter wants to marry a 48-50-year-old guy, I'd be very happy with that. But good. He's probably settled down a bit. He has enough money to take care of you. You're going to be good. In this scenario, which you've just described, if the man is financially providing for her, if he's offering her provision and protection and she's safe, I would truthfully, from the bottom of my heart say to her, look, there's no point losing the  who's paying for you, who takes care of you, who will die for you, who protects you, who does all of those jobs as a man because he's run around with a few silly girls. There's no point leaving him. You can confront him, we'll talk to him, but there's no point in destroying your family home over this. That's what I would say. People may think I'm not telling the truth, but I'm telling you, that's what I would genuinely say. You know, we talk about marriage. There's a really great guy. There's a really great guy on Twitter, Devin Erickson, I think his name is, everyone follow him. And he replied to my video I made on Elon Musk. Um, no, that's not him. That's a little dork. But from Nebraska, that's a little nerd from Nebraska. That's one of the pastors, kid. It was one of the pastor's sons. He don't need them. Devin Erickson, he's got a shout out. Okay, that guy's got a door. All right, find his reply. I would like to read this verbatim, please. Find his reply to my Elon video where I explain that having children is the business of kings. Please find he did a thread breakdown of it. This is about two weeks ago. His reply to my Elon video, if you can find it.  it. That's not it. There's another one. If you can find it, I would, I would love to read it verbatim because he explains something which is so pertinently important. It's extremely important. So we'll find it. But he talks about what marriage effectively is. Well, he's looking forward to you have a summary? Yeah. So what he's saying is people will say Andrew has a bunch of baby mamas and that he's irresponsible. But truthfully, a man's true obligations are protection and provision. This is why the Bible said if you rape a woman you have to marry her. People see that as, oh, that's bad for the woman. But what they were trying to do is say to men, you're responsible for what you create. You now need to protect her. You must provide for her because of what you've done. It was almost like marriage was not punishment for the man, but an obligation for the man. And he was explaining that marriage throughout the longest period in human time was protection and provision. That's all it was. A king could have more wives because he could protect and provide for more wives. He's saying marriage was not both.  Marriage was not remembering anniversaries. Marriage was not date nights. Marriage was not holding hands. Marriage was, do I protect you? Do I provide for you? So he effectively defended me instead. Andrew does not have a bunch of baby mamas. He has a bunch of wives, because they're all paid for. They're all protected. They all have private security. They're all in mansions. They all drive bent leaves. They do it as job as a man. That's what a man is supposed to do effectively. So I would say to my daughter, are you, are your bills paid? Now, if he cuts the money off, or if he refuses to help or protect her, if he leaves her in the ghetto, that's a different conversation. But if my daughter came to me and said, Dad, say yes, what's up, my love? I'm living in my mansion, and I'm driving my Bentley. And I have my four nannies in my private security guards. And I found out that my ultra rich husband has a little girlfriend who's 19, and I'm 36 now, and he has his little young hot cute girl. I'd say, don't stress him out and piss him off. Just give him two days off a week and get over it. That's what I would say. That's the truth. That's what I would say. Welcome to the real world. It may not be nice. It may not be pretty. The real world isn't. But at least you're paid for. At least you're taken care of. Is this it? Yes.  You want to read this? Okay, okay time to take a break shit down. It gives me some context and rotate in this video gives us what The what here's the why? Tragons don't know what marriage is or what it's for because they think traditional means hundred years ago The white Christian European model of marriages and traditional marriage at all. It's a redesign It definition redefinition of marriage. It's marriage 2.0. We'll see how in a minute First we need to admit that marriage isn't instinctive There are species that mate for life sandhill cranes and what not much Monogamy is an astral for them. It's instinctive. They just do it humans do not instinctively mate for life They just made the men mate when they can impress woman women mate when they can impress when they are impressed by men and A woman of the hominid pack babysit each other's children fast forward to the beginning of a Neolithic era now all of a sudden there are actually something to own Fields cattle buildings wealth and men owned the wealth because they were the ones who did stuff you need to do to get it Why the men?  because men had to impress women to mate. All women have to do is mate to be impressed. But since property was a neolithic, human survived, and men had all the property, mating arrangements had to adapt, so that a mother could eat and a son could be raised and inherit the father's cattle. If a man put a child in a woman, she was his wife. If he put a child in another woman, she was also his wife. If he put a child in a hundred women, he had a hundred wives. And those women and children could rely on his spear for defense and his fields and cattle for support. That's marriage. If you want to understand this context, look at the part of the Bible that says a man who rapes him a distal what you were talking about. Got it. Sounds insane. If you go through it, modern American's or any common sense about ancient people didn't care about romance and made choice. They were busy trying to, okay. So by the way, you know, a more, remember a more, did you ever meet a more or no? You definitely know more. Of course, yeah. A more would come from here. A more than Armenian man who was my chief compliance officer. Love or more. Love or more.  sold a company and he got a million out of check. Yeah, it was a great. By the way, great room. That name matches exactly who you think he is. Ladies loved him. I bet. Arminian guy with an accent who would speak French. Yes, French. And he would call all the girls Darling. Darling. Hey, Darling. And they would just fall in love with this guy. He explained this was the purpose of men. It's purely mating. He would always explain this. That's what it's about. Back in the days, the guys who had it, their job was to mate. Now, we are living in a different era. Of course today. So the mindset has changed slightly on what they're thinking. I added two other things. I added intentionality, accessibility to kids so they can get a hold of you. Love an example. Partly kind of what you're talking about. Yeah. Accessibility is also a very important one. I'll be honest. Like, if a lot of this comes down to money, but most, you don't want to be, I don't want to be shallow, but so much in life comes down to money because money is your capability to do many things, right? There's no way you can affect it.  raised that many children without a huge source of money, of course. It's very expensive to do. But if you do have a huge source of money, I think a more and I would have a very long conversation about the fact that cars get boring and watches get boring and you may as well have a whole bunch of children. You may as well have a whole bunch of sons if you can afford to raise them and you have the time, you can take the time out of work because you're rich enough to put effort and focus into them. I'm not looking to just have children and abandon them. I'm not trying to just create genetic progeny that I forgot about. The tape boys need effort. The tape boys need energy. The tape boys need money because of the tape boys. But I like to think I can afford 20. So that's what I'm going to do. And women, this is something else we have to discuss about women because this actually ties back into the human trafficking and the feminism and all these things. Women are in a very interesting position now in Western society where they are equals while also being better than us because they're girl bosses while also being children because every time they make a decision that other people don't like or they end up not liking, they didn't do it. Someone tricked them. So we're in this this three phase garbage scenario where women are better than you plus children plus or equal because  But when I say that the women I'm with are happy for me to have children with other women, you've tricked them. They're full grown adults. I thought they could come up to their own conclusions. I thought they could sit there and go, you know what? A life from Andrew Tate, I get to be with the most famous men in the world who's extremely security conscious. I get to be very rich. I know my kids are going to be brown, sexy, tall, strong. They're going to have patek-fuleeps, diamonds, etc. It's fine. That's their decision to make, right? But people are going to pretend that I would, I fooled them somehow. And I actually think this is an interesting segue into how we fix modern society. One of the most important distinctions we need to make is the civilization in the West, because all of our problems from false rape charges, which I know a lot about, to feminism, to all of this garbage comes down to this impossible scenario where women are girl bosses and better than men and everything, while also being our equal, while also needing DEI to get anywhere, while also being children who are permanently tricked into everything. And this is a really interesting scenario to be in. And I can give you a very simple example. There's a crazy-  Sorry. Woman, Megan. Megan Kelly. Okay now, there's a crazy woman, right? And she's nuts and she takes value, I'm just sleep every night. And she's on mental health medication and she drinks all the time. And she's crazy. And everyone knows she's a hoe. She's been with all the guys in town. And I marry her. And then she divorces me and takes half my money. And I come to you guys and go guys I used to be rich. I had to cut the big head in half. I lost it. She took all my money. You will sit and say to me, why did you marry her? She's nuts. Everyone knows she's nuts. You will blame me, right? Whereas if a woman goes out, takes drugs, gets high, gets drunk, goes to the club, kisses for men, kisses to fifth men, gets in the taxi with them, goes back to the hotel, initiates sex with them, has sex with them, has no problem with that sex, asks him for a handbag two years later. He says no, then cries rape. No one will say, why did you do all those things? Why were you high? Why were you in his hotel? Why did you have sex with him? Instead we'll say that man's a predator. Why? We always blame the man. Women are not held accountable ever. It's always...  the man's fault all of the time. My argument to that is if that's the paradigm, if the men are permanently the only ones we blame for anything, then how can you make women better than us at everything and give them any kind of autonomy? You have to either say to women, listen to your father then listen to your man because you don't know good for yourself, or you have to say you know good for yourself. So you're responsible for the scenarios you find yourself in. All of the world's problems come from the fact that we're picking and choosing, like Shroudnader's cat, picking and choosing at random depending on the scenario, whether a woman is better than a man, or a completely helpless child who is fooled all of the time. And when you apply this to society, there's not a single problem, you can't tie back to this exact thing, and it's scary and it's dangerous. There's not a single man on the planet now in the Western world that can even truthfully get consent to have sex, because consent can be retrospectively taken back. So you could be a man and a woman and have sex with her and have a full happy relationship, you could be with her for two years, and you could be together and sh-  You can live with you and everything could be fine. And then the second she doesn't like you, she could say to the police, he abused me. Like did he abuse you? Well, he didn't hit me, but he emotionally abused me. How, what does that mean? I felt sad sometimes. Okay, arrest him. What? What? This is an impossible scenario for a man to be in. This is why also I have my women, I have my wives, I'm done. All these beautiful Instagram models, stop begging, I'm sorry. I'm done, I don't trust any of you, I'm done. Because if I talk to any new girl, it's gonna be great until I don't buy the handbag. So be great until I don't put her on that jet, cause another girl's on that jet. Now I got all these problems, I've had enough, so I'm done with women. But isn't it absolutely insane that we're living in a world now where no one wants to address the fact that women can weaponize the legal system to destroy men absolutely at random. And they do it to every single man. This is why they attacked me with sexual crimes. Because even the accusation is enough for them to get what they want, which is to damage a reputation. And they can simply do it.  by lying by omission. Let me ask you a question as a professional. Let's be pertinent, let's be smart here. If I'm the police and I wanna destroy a man, and I call 100 women who he's ever known, at 99 say he's a great guy, and one says he's a bad guy. I don't have to mention that 99 said he's a great guy. I can lie by omission, I can ignore all 99 who defended him, all 99 who say he's a great guy, all 99 who says the one other girl is a psycho liar. We can ignore that too. We could take this one girl and destroy the man. What's this one girl's motivation? Well, he's no longer given her money. He's famous, he's rich, he's well known, he's living his life, he has a new girlfriend. Let me ask you this, and I don't even know the answer. What percentage of women are on mental health medication? What percentage of women are depressed? You think women don't lie? I would argue, and I'm gonna guess, 17 to 24% of women are on drugs, because they can't control their own brains, but we're gonna listen to the one we find out of 100, saying I'm...  man's a bad guy because he made her feel sad once four and a half years ago, destroy this man. Do you not understand that this paradigm 17.7%. I'm a genius. I'm a genius. 76% receive mental health treatment. And half of them are nuts. I'm a genius. So this is my point. No, but let's understand why has the matrix put this paradigm together? Why do they allow and continue to tell us that women are better than us to destroy masculinity? They're equal to us, even though they need DEI. And at the same time, their children who are susceptible to our God-like powers to control their minds and that we're responsible for all of the decisions. It's very simple because by putting together that paradigm, they can pick any man at random. They don't like me. Trump. Hegseth, I think, had this. Matt Gates had this. They can pick any man at random. They don't like. They can call every girl he's ever known and they can get a criminal case. That's how they do it. Let me tell you something.  about women. This happened to me. I had women who didn't even intend to round me and they didn't. But the police bring them in. Women are not prepared for 10 hour police interviews. If you bring a woman in and go, did Andrew ever hurt you? No. Did he ever abuse you? No. He's abusive to women. Well, he wasn't abusive to me. Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Well, did he ever make you sad? Well, we argued sometimes. Yeah. So that's abuse. Well, I don't think it is. Well, when you were sad, what did you do? Well, he just went out. He just ignored me and went to work with another girl, right? Yeah, I think so. After 10 hours, they end up believing they're a victim. They brainwashed them and they know what they're doing. The police are trained to do this so they can get that one chick to wreck your life with. And this is what's extremely important. Anyone who understands the world, they do this on purpose so that no man is safe because it is the warriors, the men. Now, if you're the kind of man who's going to stand up and fight against the system and fight against the matrix and resistance, slave men, have you had sex, probably.  You're probably not an in-cell virgin, right? You're probably the kind of guy who knows some chicks. That's the attack factor always. They go, oh, I entertain girls. Um, headset girls, ah, Matt Gates girls, Trump girls, girls. They use women, they weaponize them against men. And this is something that a lot of people understand. And it's scary and it's something we need to fix. As a society, we have to make a decision. Are women sentient beings to women come to their own conclusions or not? Let's talk about human trafficking. It's a human trafficking. Nobody who's accusing me and tweeting these stupid things even knows my fucking charges. I thought human trafficking, I don't know what human trafficking was. I thought human trafficking was getting someone, being a mop, putting them in chains, dragging them somewhere, keeping them chained up and forcing them to do something, sex or wash dishes, whatever. That's what I thought human trafficking was. But in this insane, subjective world where women are children who can be fooled into anything, they're saying human trafficking is no. You used the Loverboy method, you were nice to her.  And because you were nicer and you used financial incentives to make her do something. You're telling me I was nice to my girlfriend and bought her a handbag and that made her do something. And that's human trafficking. Guys, analyze this. If you are nice to a woman and buy her a present and she does anything ever, even if you didn't tell her to do it, they could say he made her do that. He made her have TikTok. And even if she says, no, he didn't make me have TikTok. Like the girls in my case saying, no, he didn't hire us. The girls in my case are defending me. Doesn't matter what you say, he brainwashed you. He made you have TikTok because he bought you handbags. Guys, please understand no man is safe from this bullshit. No man is safe. And that's why they keep this so vague. People talk about consent all the time. You need to get consent. Get consent. How can you get something they could take away years later? You can't get consent. That's why huge proportion of the men, the young men in the world today, are just checking out girls and checking out sex.  like I fucked this, it's a mess, I'm not even getting involved in it. I can't blame them. It's a minefield. Nobody's safe from this garbage. Absolutely nobody. So by the way, debate, do you ever watch a debate, presidential debate, and you say, man, I'd love to be on the stage debating some of you ever itch forward or no? Sometimes, sometimes, yeah, I love, yeah, sometimes what, let me let me ask why you're asking the question. I'm asking a question because I watch you and you know, we've spent, I don't know how many times we've done this. So this is what? This is on our, we're on our 12th hour, right, of doing podcasts and we've only done three. And first to each of them was five hours, we have the conversations together and I watch you make your arguments, make your case, right? To think how your father shaped you and Tristan's mindset. If your father, if I have an impression of your father was like, he was a guy that would teach you sequence saying, and to do to the enemy what he,  he or she is trying to do to you mentally. Right? And by the way, part of it is, you know, what you have to do when you're raising strong kids, you have to do it because especially in today's society, it's a very tough society. Was a part of you wanting to run for Prime Minister in UK, a publicity stunt, were you sick of it, or were you itching to make the place better? You know, I think one of the things my father instilled in me, and it came from his teachings, and it came from lots of different lessons, but especially it came from chess, is because chess is ruthless. There's a lot of people, especially men who, I'm surprised by this fact, but I would argue it's the truth, who believe their enemies are gonna have pity or mercy. There's a lot of men who you'd be surprised, believe that pity is gonna appear, or mercy is gonna appear somewhere. And if you change your mindset and change your framing to understand that your enemies are never gonna have mercy on you, they're never gonna see you as a human, they're never gonna feel sorry for you ever, then the only end result to that is action, and the only action is to fight back. There's a whole lot of men who go off.  You know, well, if I'm just quiet or if I just behave or I just, if I'm just good in front of the police or if I'm just nice to the judge They'll let me off. No, they won't your enemies are out here to mercilessly crush you They don't care about what happens to you They do not feel responsible for the consequences. They do not have empathy for you They're not interested in any of that. Look what the liberals tried to do to the conservatives when they had power The biggest problem with conservatives is we don't do that right? We're gonna allow our enemies to just walk around and get away with everything Right, but when they're in power, they crush mercilessly that comes from chess When you're getting crushed in a chess position, praying that he has these nice to you in a tournament is insane It's not gonna happen when you're in the cage and you're fighting and you're on the bottom and he's grounding and pounding you You can't sit there and go maybe he'll feel sorry for me. None of this is real. None of this is real So when I look at the UK I Look how insane it is. I look how they're trying to destroy my life I look how they're wrecking the country. I look how everything's a complete mess I don't sit there and expect these people to one day wake up empathetic I don't expect them to one day wake up and get a brain and wake up one day and realize what they're doing wrong I see the mess  as violent oppressors who have no intention to do anything other than instill full communism amongst the entire population. So there's only one choice. You either let them do it or you fight back. What are you gonna do? You either let them get away with it or you resist them. So my intention to become UK Prime Minister is absolutely 100% legitimate. I want to save the country I grew up in. Because if I don't do it, they're gonna succeed. There's only ever been a good man against the bad man. If you're gonna let the bad man run, rampant, they're gonna finally conquer. So I am absolutely serious about saving the United Kingdom if I can. I'm gonna do my absolute best. That's why they want to put me in jail. They know I'm a threat to them politically. They know that. That's why they want to lock me up for my tweets. What do you think happened to UK? I could tell you what happened to the UK. I, you know, I have a lot of theories. Firstly, I would argue that the royal family was collapsed by therapy and psychiatry. This is a theory I've come up with completely out of nowhere. Literally, you believe this? You know what?  When I got the 17%, I'm just that guy, I just know things. Right? I know things. I would argue that the royal family, which was the backbone of the United Kingdom, was being held together by the Queen. When the Queen died, I said to Tristan, this is the end of England, because the Queen was the last respectful member of the royal family. I like Kate and Will, I like them, but I would argue that when Deanna died, the boys were put through endless therapy and psychotherapy and all of this garbage. I think it is one of the largest and most dangerous industries in the world today. It's as dangerous as pharmaceuticals. Making full grown men sit down and cry and talk about how hard their life is is the worst thing you can do with full grown men. I really would argue. I would argue it's not a real science. I would argue it's subjective garbage and I would argue there's nothing that will destroy your mind faster than therapy. I think the entire royal family was completely hijacked by these therapists and these psycho analysts that turned everything weird. That's why Megan and what's his name? They want to ran married Megan. I can't remember his name. Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry's weird with ma-  again, she bosses him around. It's all just weird. Harry is not the top G. Yeah, well, exactly. So I think all of that's down to psychiatry. We could talk about why I have my theories on psychiatry a little bit after. So that's the royal family. That's for the political class. The Europeans currently are stuck in a very difficult scenario, because I really don't see how they currently align with the United States government on nearly anything. They are full communist. They're full femme centric. It's a matriarchy. It is collapsing in real time economically. The men which reside inside of Europe don't seem to have enough in them to resist this enslavement and this population replacement, which is another huge thing we've talked about in Europe. Europe's being completely destroyed and there's no masculinity to resist it seems. If you destroy masculinity inside of a society, the society is ripe for conquest. And the average man in Europe simply is not man enough to get other men together, to find other men, to resist. But let's talk about this. This is an important point. My glass is off for this, this is extremely important.  Europe has destroyed free speech. Why does this matter? I'll tell you why this matters. If you're a billionaire or if you're in charge, you can lie. So if you're in charge of things, you can stand up front of the cameras and say, I'm going to do X. And then behind the scenes, you can do Y. You're allowed to lie because you have actual power. Whereas if you are not powerful, your only power is in numbers. So you can't lie because you need to find other people who align with you and think like you do so that you can win in large numbers. So you have to be able to say what you think and say what you feel to find the other members of your army so you can all stand up and get in a crowd and say enough is enough. So the reason they silence free speech in Europe so heavily is so that you never find the other people who think like you. That's the reason they shut down social media so hard. So you can't stand up and say, this is garbage. Because if you do, you go to jail. So even if you think it, you don't say it. And as an unimportant man, you can't lie. You can't tweet, this is not garbage and still be effective. Where's a billionaire?  can lie and still be effective. The common man needs speech and needs truth to find an army that allows him to resist oppression. And that is why Europe is gone psycho, Stalin, full stasi on speech. That's what they're afraid of. Because if you could tell the truth in England on social media for a week, there'd be a revolution. And they know that. That's why they want me and Jail. That's why they don't let anyone tell the truth. They know that. Kierstarmer himself knows that. That's why they've done what they've done. So the UK has a lack of masculinity. All of Europe does. You add in free speech problems. You add in the fact that you can't find other men to stand beside you at war. You have the odd warrior who pups his head up and gets his head chopped clean off. That's the problem with Europe. Yeah, he came the other day. I think it was a week and a half ago. He's in prison. Look at his face. That's the face of evil. Kier, would you lock me up in Belmarsch, which I know you're going to do? That's fine. That is the face of evil, sir. Look at that. That is incompetence incarnate. Look, that's all leader. England was the greatest country in the world. I will.  It brought tears to my eyes. I watched the Battle of Cairo. I watched Nelson fight the French fleet. Oh, YouTube video at the Battle of Cairo. I even tweeted it in full. The heroism showed by the Brits only 200 years ago. These were the best men on the planet. Thailand, Thailand, island with the largest empire in history. I was in America until I was eight, but I spent my teenage years in the UK. I feel very British. The British were the hardest, strongest, most resilient people on the planet. When the British were coming, only the Americans seemed to be, you were scared when the British were coming. We sailed all around the world. We didn't get, we opioid, opioid wars in, wars in China. Battle of Cairo, war, or you name it. We beaten Napoleon. We did the Brits. And now look, soy face is locking us up for having an opinion. And we're sitting there on our asses, afraid to say anything. This exact clip will be played in front of a judge when they locked me up. But it has to be said. Because that is not the leader of the United Kingdom.  That is not the leader of the United Kingdom deserves. We need UK's and even more dire scenario than the United States. We need Trump or someone Trump-esque and Nigel Farage is not to the task. He's not strong enough. It's me or I don't know who else, but UK is in a mess. We need someone of Trump's level to fix it because this guy here is doing nothing but run it into the ground and it really truly breaks my heart because the UK was the greatest country on earth. And that's why I want to become the prime minister to restore it to its former glory. Britain and the history of Britain and the amazing things it's achieved, the fact that London is a country where you can't even wear a watch anymore is not just disgraceful. It's absolutely disgusting. People should face treason charges for what they've done. Okay, so treason. Let me ask you this. First podcast we did, you were a Christian. Yeah. Second podcast we did, you were a Muslim. Yeah. Today, are you still a Muslim? Yes. So you're talking about UK, right?  I lived in Germany at a refugee camp and I saw who first time I ever got stabbed in my life was by another Afghani kid it was in Air Lungin at a refugee camp. We had a fight boom. He took it out Well, I'm like, oh, it sounds about right. Yeah, I love in New Year's old. This happened to me So you look at stats because I'm a data guy. I think you're also dating 100% and I watched you go through it to see how you were gonna Manoeuvre around this I was watching you very closely I think you and I even exchanged a couple messages one time. Yeah privately you and I I look at stats 2023 the top name the number one name in UK London is Muhammad correct, okay? That wasn't the case when you grew up that was not the case true when you look at stats 27% of prisoners in London jail are Muslims. Yeah Where the populations only six percent that's right you hear the arguments about Sharia law what they're saying you hear your Fellow who you've spoken to before you guys have collaborated before time your province and he makes his arguments on what's going on with  with what he called it, with Gremacans. Yeah. And then I look at some of the tweets. Here's a couple of the tweets that you had for people reacting to you because you were going strong to what was going on in the UK. And you said, if you don't believe in the way the system that you can't get out, I don't care who you are. Correct. You were very clear about it. Correct. You were very thorough about it. Correct. The response came back to you from the Muslim community and it wasn't pretty. They were attacking you, right? Yeah. And one you're response to that I have on the tweet, it says Islam hate comes from Muslims who think they have to defend the disgusting actions that other Muslims commit instead of admitting that a religion can be perfect and people are not. Yep. Muslim must condemn the disgusting child rape openly and verbally or the entire religion will be done. And then you respond back. Muslims who refuse to understand the crime of Islamophobia instead of addressing the serious issues only going to garner reassessment. These grooming gangs would not be tolerated in an Islamic country. It's time for Muslims to stand up against all. And then there's more of these that I can read. Yep.  And even to go back on what happened when the comments they made about Jesus Christ, you remember that as Lamuzlam, you said, I will never forget these scumbags for discraising Jesus Christ, right? So you've done both sides, but specifically to UK, a once great nation based on what you're saying, a once, 200 years ago, the strongest man, what they produce, who they defended, they were not afraid of going up against the scariest people that everybody feared. They said, I'm going to say, you're not going to do it here. We've seen Dunkuric, we've seen these movies, we've seen these histories, a lot of us got it from movies, some of us got it from school. How much has your opinion changed since now you've been a Muslim now for what, two years? I want to say, two years, two and a half years. How much do you link that to the issues that UK is facing? So the UK does have a problem where a lot of the culture is being eroded and it's being eroded by an Islamic immigration. And this is going to make Muslims mad when I say it, but I understand why the native Brits feel threatened by that and are unhappy with that. When you talk about crime statistics, it's difficult because you can do the same thing with black people.  in the United States. But black people are a part of the United States. It's seen as racist to say that there are a lower percentage of the population, but they commit more of the crime. You can do the same with black people in the United States. But black people live here, and they're always going to live here. I like to be ultra realistic about all things. And I like the idea of Britain retaining its culture and feeling like England. A lot of the stabbing that happens in the UK isn't from Muslims, particularly. It's actually from Christians from Africa. A lot of it's third worlders. A lot of it's black youths inside of London who do most of the stabbing, the majority of it. So I think we have a huge disconnect here that we have to discuss. And the disconnect is third world versus first world and attaching Islam to the third world. And in some cases that is true. But there are first world Islamic nations which are much safer than any Western nation. So you have a lot of third world Christians which are coming in committing heinous crimes. The Southport killer, who is from Rwanda, believes he's a Christian family, and he killed four or five little girls stabbed into death recently. That's what caused all the riots. The Rulikabin, the guy from the Taylor Swift concert. Correct. But his father was from Rwanda.  His father had some crazy, he had a kind of training. That's right. But there's a whole bunch of Christians who are people coming from the third world who are committing crimes as well. I'll be honest with you, it's actually interesting when we attach Islam to these things. If you go to the UAE or Qatar or Bahrain, these countries have extremely strict immigration policies. They're extremely strict about isomization and extremism and radicalization. And these countries are some of the most beautiful countries in the world to live in and they're extremely safe. So I think the problem that we have with Europe and the UK specifically was actually summed up by somebody who knows the problem better than nine. It was the UAE Foreign Minister. Did you ever see what he said? The UAE Foreign Minister, find his video where he talks about the isomization of Western nations. And he's saying that you're allowing extremism to foster in your countries because you think you know Islam better than we do. And we don't allow these ideologies in our own Islamic nations and you're allowing them in the West. And you think that is right there. Let's play this video. It will come a day that will...  We will see far more radical extremist and terrorists coming out of Europe because of lack of decision-making, trying to be politically correct or assuming that they know the Middle East and they know Islam and they know the others far better than we do. And I'm sorry, but that's pure ignorance. They will come a day. It was interesting about that interview. If you saw the very beginning of the clip, the whole interview was actually an Arabic and he was going to say that and he goes, no, I'm actually going to say this in English. Yeah, that's right. And she's like, no, it's okay. Well, translate. He goes, no, I want to say this in English. Yeah. So what do you think about that message? Well, you could say he's not a real Muslim. I guess that's what the Muslims of the Great Britain would do because they said that to me when I said that any Muslim who is not outraged by the crimes committed by Muslims is part of the problem. And this is the identity politics problem, right? We had this with blacks and George Floyd.  etc and all these things and BLM. If a black person commits crime then black people should stand up and say I don't care He's black he committed a crime Yeah, but when you have people who rally around somebody purely because of their religion or the color of the skin Irregardless of their actions. That's how you foster hate If you want to give racists what they want and I'm part black part white If you want to make white people hate black people that all that takes is for black people to defend a black person who breaks the law Now they're like well, all you black people are a problem because this guy was a criminal and you're sticking up for him So what I was saying is that the islam's the Muslims who complain that islam is hated in the west They're making it worse by sticking up for grooming gangs and serial murderers I don't care what race or religion you are if you're killing little girls You're a scumbag and an Islamic nation you would face the death penalty So I don't I don't care if it doesn't make me a real Muslim for that. I don't care But I will be honest. I'll be very honest What he said is extremely interesting because when I say these things online I get no pushback and no hate from the Gulf Arabs. I get no pushback and no hate from the first world Muslims and  None of that. It's only from the extremists and the extremists are all living in Bradford. They're all living in the UK. It's really interesting that the most extreme points of view I get from the things I say about Islam are from England. It's never from the Islamic or the Arabic world. I saw another really interesting thing actually. I'd like someone to find it. It was a post. I saw on Twitter from a Pakistani guy. And he said, I'm from Pakistan. I live in Islamabad. And I was recently in Birmingham. And it felt more Islamic. And it was more backward thinking than anything you would see in Pakistan. He said, Islamabad is a far more liberal place to live than Birmingham, UK. He's saying the Pakistanis who are still in Islamabad are less Islamic and less extreme about things than those inside of Birmingham, UK. So you can have a conversation about all of these things. It's a long and detailed conversation. It'll get me in a lot of trouble. And as I'm only two and a half years into Islam, I don't know all of the ins and outs. There's other people who know it better than me. What I will say is that I believe every country and every race, every identity has a right to their land. I believe that. I believe that the British people have a right to have an England for British people that feels.  like England. You can argue what a British person is. Perhaps the definition may be slightly changing, but you would argue that Great Britain has a Christian heritage, and I don't think there's anything wrong as a Muslim to say that Great Britain is a Christian country. It's always been a Christian country, and it should remain a Christian country. I believe that. I like that they let me visit. That's fine. I would never go to the UAE and say this should be a Christian nation. I would never do that. So why do we do it the other way around? It just seems... That's a very good point. But that's the point though. That's the point what a lot of people are making. If you want to live in a place that majority is Muslim, go there. You can move there. If you want to live in a place that's got the traditions, let them stay there, right? That's the whole argument about nationalism. Like if you're proud of your country, no, you shouldn't be proud of your country. No, that only applies to white people. And I'm one of the champions of this, even though the hardcore race-realists racists on Twitter hate me because they call me Milato and mixed race and all these things. I don't care. I'm going to champion for anyway. Only white people are not allowed to love themselves, love the race and love their countries. Everyone else is. White people, the only ones who could do it. If anyone else  flag or says we're from wherever or rid of this color or rid of this religion, we want it. It's fine. When white people do it is instantly demonized. White people, the only people who are expected to give up their lands. And it's actually quite, and I say this is a half white man, half black man is very obvious. It's very obvious for me to see. And the European countries, what's like you could argue that America was founded multiracially. You could argue that. But the British people are a type of people. They're an ethnicity. They're a type of people from one place and one part of the earth. And once they lose it, they have nowhere else to go. That's all they have. And they're being replaced in real time. And their leader, Kierstarmers, letting it happen. And if you talk about it, you go to jail. All of this is happening right now. And unless the men do something and replace him with somebody who cares, they're going to be replaced. That's the bottom line of it. I can then argue. I can move on to the point that, you know, we all get what we deserve in this life and that the strong destroy the weak. We can argue that point. I could sit here and say, well, white people, if you get replaced, you deserve it because you didn't do anything about it. I could make that argument. But that doesn't mean it's  not happening. White people are being replaced in their host nations. That's obvious for me to see. I don't think anyone can argue against that point. People try. People say they're argument though. No, it's a very fair argument, but that upsets people and people or they deny it's happening. But it is happening. White people are going extinct. Yep. They are going extinct. And then when you tell people this, they have lots of different answers to it. But nationalism is feared when white people band together. And then, you know, you can argue, this actually ties back into something that's very interesting. The reason they fear nationalism when white people get banded together is because they apply it to World War II. They say, well, white nationalists do what Hitler did because he was a white nationalist. So they say that when white people together in a nationalistic, it's like the Nazis. When other people get together in their nationalistic, it's not. Is this actually true? Is this the largest sigh-off in history? I mean, World War II has had such a profound effect on our culture up until this point now. World War II is the-  basis for all good and bad in the entire world. If I say to you name the worst person in history, you'll probably say Hitler. You won't say Stalin who killed more, because it was on our team. Or Mao. Or Mao who killed more. Now I'm not sitting there sticking up for Hitler. I'm just saying that World War Two has shaped the modern world and they use it as an emotional trigger to prevent white people from sticking up for themselves. Guess what I saw on the car on the way here? A terror attack in Germany, a car attack. You see it? Yep, this morning. A Muslim ran over a bunch of white people in Germany. This morning, but the white people in Germany can't band together to fight against it because then they are what? He says not cease. Not cease. Yep, for sure. So they use World War Two. Let me ask you guys a question. If they use World War Two to subvert white nationalism to the point of extinction, wouldn't it be truly treasonous if the story of World War Two wasn't even true? What if there's another story to World War Two? Is it true the story that we know, the version of events that we know?  Hitler's just crazy and he just lost his mind. I'm asking questions because in my world, I understood that victor's right history. Winner's right history. Winners are always a good guy. Loser was always a bad guy. Loser had no point of view at all. The winner had all the right thing and they were doing all the right things. So I'm just asking you, if this war is what's shaping the modern world and it is bringing on the ideology which is gonna lead to the extinction of the white race, isn't it important we find out if the story were told is even true? Let me apply this to modern time. If you listen to the media and the story they tell you, Putin's crazy. Putin's nuts and he's lost his mind and he has no point of view at all and he has no reason to invade Ukraine. There's no possible reason. If you research, you'll understand he actually has a pretty good argument. I'm not saying he's perfect. I'm saying that he has his beliefs. We have our beliefs. Some rights, some wrong. There's no such thing as black and white. There are different varying shades of gray in every single conflict. But the Hitler's story, the World War II story, is black white. Because that's how the winners want to write it. And that's how it always...  This goes when the war is over, and the story of Russia Ukraine is black white. Ukraine is innocent, we're innocent, Russia is nuts. But if you actually analyze things and understand them really, you'll see it's not that way. So this is a very interesting thought experiment, and that's what I'm doing before the media attacks me. I'm not advocating for anything. I'm not saying anything. This is a thought experiment. If one particular ideology is shaping society to the point where an entire race will go extinct, shouldn't we understand that period of history intimately? Yes or no? I would argue yes, and if that's the case, perhaps when we understand it better, perhaps white people might save themselves, perhaps. I got to go change it. When you were talking about the UK, and I mean, we do so many stories that you even mentioned that it's fallen. When it comes to the, was it the Pakistani rap gangs? The Pakistani rap gangs are doing their thing. In Germany, I remember we reported on this a bunch of guys, well, raped that 15-year-old girl in the park, and then the girl that went after the attacker on WhatsApp or Instagram whatever, they went and they put her in jail.  the Kierstorm and all these guys. It's as if this group is protected, they're covering it up and they don't want it to come to light. Why would they hide the fact that these guys were Pakistani? Why are they putting in jail the girl that's going after the guy, the Muslim guy that raped the girl and not the guy? So this is the problem, right? What they're afraid of is they're afraid of racism and of nationalism and highlighting the problems amongst a certain demographic and subgroup because they feel like it's going to build resentment and it will. So they're solutioned and it will build resentment and I'm not saying that resentment's wrong, it's quite rightful resentment. So their solution is, let's try and hide the problem. But I would argue that one of the key elements, one of the key backbones to multicultural societies that least fair treatment under the law. How can you expect all these different types of people to live together if they're not treated fairly under the law? How does Dubai survive? Dubai's 80% immigration from people from all around the world, all different colors. Why does everyone get along? Why does everyone go there? Fair treat.  under the law. It's a harsh law, but we're all treated the same, right? So in the UK, now we have a double problem. You have the problem of the national, the natural resentment for the results of actions of people who don't share British values. On top of a double standard in the law, they're using to try and hide the issue. This is a time bomb. This is a time bomb. That's why they're doing it because they're scared of white nationalism and they're scared of that because of the World War II story they've told. That's what they're scared of. White people are being replaced in real time. And you know, to lighten the mood a bit, my friend group is as diverse as possible, which means we have the best racist jokes ever because it's black guys, white guys, we've got an Algerian guy. True friendship is true friendship is racism. You know, and we're all, I have another kid in the like, yeah, you're black. We all make fun of each other. It's fun, right? But it's also very interesting. There are key ideological differences that we're not allowed to address or talk about, which are...  extremely important for a society. Like the average white family I would argue has a different approach towards their financial stability and their emotional investment to towards children than third-worlders. I would argue that point, you can call me racist, you can attack me all you want. Third-worlders will have kids and just have kids. They won't sit and go, can I afford this kid? Can I put this kid through private school? Do I have a college fund? Is it responsible to have a kid now? If you just grab third-worlders from anywhere, it doesn't matter if they're black, brown, white, wherever. If you get third-worlders from anywhere, you just have kids. So when you let them into a country, you have to be prepared for them to have more children than the native population. It would be responsible for a leader of any nation to sit down and say, no matter how many of them we let in, they will outbreed the natives. This is a math calculation that should be done. If you're a responsible leader for a country, am I right? But they refuse to do it. They refuse to even acknowledge it. So you let in 10% of third-worlders, it's 10% for a while, but it's not for long. This is a decision you have to make.  It's something you have to consider. It's something you're refuses to even address, and they've let in a lot more than 10% and more arrive every day. I think 1,200 people arrived yesterday on Boats and even a song Twitter. So it's non-stop. The only possible end result is the absolute replacement of the native population, which then begs to question. Is a country a place on a map and a name or is a country the people who live in it? Because I would argue that if you replace all the British people with people from somewhere else, it doesn't become Britain anymore. If you took all the Norwegians out of Norway and replaced them with Indians, would it be Norway? I don't think it would be. The best point of change. So by the way, but Rob, pull up this chart that shows the net migration for UK from 2019 to 2022. Watch this. So you see the orange color is non-EU coming in. The green color at the top. It's you coming in. It's you coming in. Watch this stat. You see the non-EU people coming in, flat, great. EU goes up and then look what happens 2020. 2020.  2021, 2022, 2023, the amount of people coming in every year from non-EU. So they're letting anybody else come in. Now, have you ever seen Dominic Tarjinski from Poland? Yes. He is being interviewed, and he's being asked about why Poland has the lowest rape, lowest crime, lowest unemployment. And here's his answer, Rob. Can you play this clip? How many refugees has Poland taken? No, one. Zero. And you're proud of that? If you're asking me about Muslim's illegal immigration, none, not even one, will come to Poland, not even one, if it's illegal. We took over 2 million Ukrainians who are working, who are peacefully in Poland. We will not receive even one Muslim, because this is what we promised. But I asked about illegal immigrants. I asked about refugees. And Jean-Cold, the commission president, says that your race is.  You sound proud of the fact that you haven't taken any refugees. Of course, because this is what our people are expecting from our government, that's number one. This is why our government was elected. But this is why Poland is so safe. This is the reason why we had not even one terrorist attack. Look at the streets in Poland, and we can be called populists, nationalists, racists. I don't care. I care about my family and about my country. Right, you can pause it. Go for it. Islam is not an excuse to break border laws. I don't know why some Muslims seem to believe it is. That's why Islam has such a terrible name. You can't say I'm a Muslim, so let me in. I don't have to obey border laws. I don't think that Islam is an excuse to disobey the laws of a country. I don't think it's an excuse to disobey border laws. Because it's not an excuse to disobey the border laws in Dubai or Qatar or Bahrain or all these other Islamic nations. You think you can rock up to the border of an Islamic nation and say, well, Muslims just let me in. I got a passport. I don't think so. I would argue that some of the strictest.  of border controls ever are in that region, which is why they have such problem trying to relocate refugees in these kind of things. So it's really insane that the white Christian liberal will argue that Muslim refugees have an instant pass to their Christian countries when they don't have an instant pass to Islamic countries. It doesn't matter what their religion is. Countries need a border. And my Islamic faith, I don't feel counteracts my rationality in understanding that country is a border. In fact, if you don't have a border, you don't even have a country. It's to prerequisite to a country. If you can't draw a border of that country, it doesn't exist. So Europe is currently imploding. And when I say imploding, I mean imploding and basically every single metric, crimes going up, wages are going down, energy prices are through the moon, manufacturing's going down, it's imploding. Why is it imploding? Well, it's imploding because it's being run by psychopaths. It's either being run by psychopaths or extremely ignorant individuals who are intent on only finding money to send to Ukraine for a losing war on repeat and shutting up anyone who wants to tell the truth about the things that are happening there. And then you have this secretarianism. You have all of this.  gender ideology and this Identity politics which is tearing fabric up was tearing the fabric of society apart because when a Muslim will do something disgusting and heinous Like being involved in a grooming gang instead of being disavowed by other Muslims all the other Muslims seem to start screaming about Islamophobia And then you wonder why the average white Christian has a problem with Islam. I'm the absolute opposite if I I believe yes I am a Muslim. Yes, but if you're in a grooming gang I think you deserve the punishment the full punishment of the law in fact I would wish you to get caught in an Islamic country and see what actual punishment is I think it's disgusting I completely understand also this is another thing about rationality that people lack right No one would describe me as empathetic even though I would like to think I am but nobody would describe me as empathetic but I completely understand As a white Christian in the UK why you would feel threatened by Islam I understand it and when Muslims go you don't have any reason to fear us Well, he's in a grooming gang you rip kids. No, you're racist like how can you not?  Understand the concerns of these people and why aren't you doing anything to address those concerns if you're a guest In someone's nation shouldn't you try and address their concerns? You know when BLM was big I was having an argument with a member of my family I have the black side of the family the white side of my family. I was arguing with one of my aunts and BLM was going crazy and everything was burning down and she was saying that black people did not get there are not Safe to be at stop by police and she bought into the narrative fully and I said if that's the case I would argue that holding large protests and Burning things down is going to make it worse. Why don't you hold large rallies saying we're Americans we respect the law we're citizens and promote a culture of obedience to the law amongst native of African Americans wouldn't that fix the issue? I'm not saying that it's fair. She said why should we have to do that? Life's not fair I'm not saying you should have to do that I'm say wouldn't it fix the issue if you promote obeying law enforcement as opposed to promoting burning everything down and disobeying law enforcement like  There's this weird idea people have of why should I have to? That's not fair. Why should Muslims have to reassure? Why should Black people have to do that? Yeah, there's lots of why should we? Why should I have to pay for a date? That's life. But don't we want problems? Don't we want solutions here? Or are we gonna sit down and say, it doesn't matter about the solution? Let's let the problem get worse because we shouldn't have to try. I think that's the biggest problem with a lot of the things we have in the world today. I would argue that the Muslims inside of the UK, if they had respect, if they had respect for the country they were in, if they had respect for the native population and for Christianity, should be doing a pretty good job or should be trying to make it clear that they are not a threat. Instead, they walk around and try their very best to scare everyone all the time. And then they wonder why Islamophobia exists. And as a Muslim, I will say that because it's obvious. It's obvious. But when I say that, they turn on me and they attack me. But it doesn't matter what they say. Matters what God said. Tate, just curious. You probably very qualified. Probably one of the few people in the world qualified to do this because it's not a big number. If you look at how many people in the US,  convert. Rob, can you go and say how many people convert from Christian to Muslim in America? It's not a big number. And if you're looking at how many women left, more women than men, I think the number is such a small, there you go. Roughly 30,000 people that you're convert to Islam in US. The difference is they have a lot of kids and they have big families, so that's their strategy. Majority that 30,000 are women. But you as a man, unannomably you go from Christian to being a Muslim. So, I know what it is to be a Christian. I know what it is to be a Syrian Armenian. I know what it is to be an immigrant. I know what it is to be certain things. And I witness it, right? When you were a Christian, what attacks or goods did you see that you're like, man, I never had that. Because I remember when we spoke when we were in Romania, you said like, when I was at church, Muslim semi-ledgers, Christians and assembly letters. I remember that conversation that happened. Now that you're a Muslim, what is the biggest difference of,  Treatment and does it kind of make you sit there and say, man, I understand why the Bible teaches tolerance for certain things Yeah, I understand the question but but tolerance is doubles is a double-edged degree Because it's tolerance that's loud Christianity in the church to end up mocked University across the planet and to not defend their lands and the Christian thing to do is to sit there and allow your life in your Race in your country to be destroyed because it's a Christian thing to do so tolerance is a double-edged sword I was an atheist for a long time and then I became a Christian I revert to Christianity instantly because I believed in God And I was born to Christian nation Then I decided to do some research on the different religions and I found sure a finity with Israel but My affinity with Islam is between me and God me trying to please every Muslim on the planet is never gonna happen Because I'm never gonna be able to make them happy and there's always some of them who are unhappy with me And there is a contingent of Muslims who like what I say and there's some that don't like what I say and that's fine I'm not here to try and appease them. I'm here to be honest to myself and be honest to my religion and honest to my faith And also be a rational actor and a rational human  And I'm a lot of my views, Muslims don't agree with, because they throw their rationality away in light of group identity politics. And lots of people do this. It's not just a religious thing. We just talked about how black people that it would George Floyd and BLM is identity politics. It's they don't think rationally, and they don't think sensibly. I try and prevent that happening. So a lot of the problems in the UK, yes, you can attribute some of them to Islam, but truthfully, you can attribute most of them to just simply third world individuals arriving of all different, whether they're pagan, it doesn't matter. Voodoo, it doesn't matter. And third world individuals arriving, and them having no plan to integrate these people into society, that's the problem with Europe as a whole. Tate, if one day in the future, you're living, you're evolving, you're a guy that's evolving, you got core convictions, but you're evolving. One day gets to point you, you're like, this is not changes, it's gonna get worse and worse and worse and less fear on you. Do you ever fear, if you ever say, you know what, I'm gonna be a Christian again. Do you ever fear what would happen to you if you ever left a religion of Islam? No, I don't, but I'm sure that...  would be a problem for them. I mean, I'm sure I'm I can imagine people getting angry if I did that. I don't fear to fit. No. If that's how I feel, then that's what I would say. Adam. I think you got a pretty worldly perspective. You're half black, half white, half American, half British, somewhat Romanian. You know, however you want to put that jail. Atheist Christian, Muslim. Yeah. If you were, you're saying you want to be the president of the UK, Prime Minister of the UK, what would you do to solve world peace in Israel, Palestine, Ukraine, Russia? I mean, you got to have solutions here. I know you're doing, yeah. Sort of hypothetical scientific method stuff, but what solutions do you have? Well, I really believe Trump was going to bring peace to the world. And I think he did a pretty good job in stopping the killing between Israel and Gaza. I'm not saying he has all the solutions. I'm not saying everything he's done is perfect, but he certainly stopped the killing. And that's got to be the first thing you do, right? Things have to be done incrementally. It's unfair to expect the leader to come in and  solution to everything he had to tell you have to do things in increments and increment one is to stop people dying I would argue so I think for that reason alone he's done a good job in Israel and Gaza. As for Ukraine Russia well Ukraine doesn't want to stop the fight because Ukraine has been sponsored by Soros and the insanity of the Europe now so Zelensky disrespected our president and our vice president in the Oval Office and then ran to our allies to be treated like a hero which is completely mind-bending to me if I was Donald Trump I would be infuriated that is absolutely disgusting what Europe's just done and the killing is going to continue in a war that Ukraine simply cannot win so you ask how do you solve for world peace that's a very difficult scenario it's a very difficult question it depends on each individual war at the time right for me to answer that compendiously for every single conflict on the planet I'm not sure I can but if you're constantly trying to solve for a peace I'd like to think it's doable the reason we have all these conflicts is not because of the differences between people it's because the people involved are not looking for peace they're not looking for it nobody's interested in it Zelensky doesn't want peace Europe doesn't want peace that  obvious. So how can you have peace when you have teams that simply don't want it? The Russians don't want this war to continue. They prove their point. So true. They prove their point and they want peace to come. But when you have one side that's intent on fighting, we look at it in a relationship. You can have a man and a woman. The man can be the best man on earth. He can be the best speaker, the best relationship coach on the planet. If his woman's intent on fighting, she's got a fight. So you need to have a, you need to look at each individual conflict and try and encourage people to seek peace. Unfortunately, this is an unfortunate reality of the world. Sometimes some people only want to seek peace when they have no other choice. And the only way you put them in that position is when you destroy them, which means you have to fight. It's unfortunate. It's very unfortunate. But I think if anyone can get it done, it's Donald Trump. Well, you've been very complimentary of Trump. Trump once it's he tried. Trump, no, guys, Trump's a hero. Trump has saved the Western world. I don't think enough people understand that if he didn't win, it would have been over for the Western world as we know it. Look at all the garbage we just...  talked about with my case. We talked about innocent and tool proof, proofing guilty being thrown out, democracy being thrown out, all this stuff. That would have been applying to everyone. All of us here would be in jail. Every man with half a backbone would be in jail. It would have been toast. It would have been a tranny in every single position of office for no reason. DEI everywhere. Once America fell, Europe's already fallen. It would have been over. Trump has saved the world as we know it. That is not an exaggeration, that is not hyper bowl. Trump has saved the world. So the reason I am a fan of Trump is not because I agree with every single thing he does, not because I think he's a perfect person, but I can look and say he has saved the world. You know, it's actually amazing how bitter, petty, and stupid most people are. Elon Musk will put a rocket in space and then catch it. Incredible. And then someone will sit there and go, yeah, but he had a kid and he wasn't married. Did it? Can't you just let people be people and respect them for their monumental achievements and accept that nobody's infallible and nobody's perfect? These fucking Mr. Pastor and the...  Nebraska is going to piss his pants about Elon Musk. Yes, sure it's going to be packed this weekend. Yeah, he's going to piss his pants about Elon Musk. Well, Elon Musk furthers humanity. People are going to accuse Trump and piss their pants about Trump as he saves the Western world. There is a bigger picture. And anyone who is capable and smart enough of seeing the bigger picture isn't an enemy of mine because they look at me and go, you know what, Andrew may do some things we don't like. He may have said some things aren't nice. But in the end, he is motivating the masculine youth to resist the slave mind programming of the matrix. He is important in the battle against enslavement. The bigger picture is, take is a net positive, but people are mean and they are petty and they are stupid and they are jealous. And when you add all of that up, you will take somebody as monumentally achieved as myself or people who have surpassed me in nearly every metric, Donald Trump and Elon Musk. Look at all of their monumental achievements, which literally span into the atmosphere, into the cosmos and ignore that and say, oh, he didn't get him.  You're a married certificate. You're a dipshit. You are a dipshit who cannot understand that no human is perfect and we are all different and we're all gonna have disagreements. We probably all disagree on multiple issues but we can shake hands and agree for the common good. When you have an army, when you have an army of 10,000 men, they made disagree on so many different things but the primary objective at the time is to raid the enemy trench. You have to be able to see the bigger picture but most of these losers online with these opinions who've achieved very little in comparison to myself, to you, to Elon's or Trump, they've achieved nearly nothing. They have an opinion on something you did or something you said or what you think 10 years ago and they wanna type it out and they think it matters and they get a little band of losers together and they all argue about you and we absorb all the organs. So where to get? So Trump has been very pro-Israel and so he's been very pro-Beebie. And matter of factly take. So do you think he's wrong on that being so supportive of Israel? No, this whole Jewish.  question things. Actually an interesting one. I'm gonna talk about this. This isn't gonna give me more trouble. How much trouble am I in? Let me count it. 80%. The Oregon's are coming from. I'm fucked. Right. Tea, we're going to jail. Pack a bag. Tristan. Pack a bag. Right. So this, you know, it's actually kind of frustrating for me because when I came out of jail, I did Pierce Morgan and I told Pierce that what was happening in Gaza was a massacre. And this was on like October 9th, like two days. That's a genocide. Genocide. I said it was unfair. What was happening? This was before it became like widespread. This is only a couple days after. And I was told not to say that. I was, that's gonna get you in a lot of trouble. But that's what I believed. So I said it at the time. And there's a lot of people online who are fervently anti-Jew and are very anti-Semitic. And I know who these people are. And you know these people are. A lot of them. Sometimes you was. Yeah, well, so no, some of it sometimes they have a point of view. And sometimes they just go way too far with it. So I think this whole argument is kind of too pronged.  The first prong is that there are people in the world who blame the Jews for absolutely everything, and that is pathetic. And these people think that they worked out the secret of the world and they're based, and they blame Jewish people for everything. They're like, oh, but that's the Jews. What is? Race mixing is the Jews. Maybe my... Like, they're attacking me for supporting race mixing. My dad is black, my mother is white. Why do you think these Israelis called me and told me to say this? It's my upbringing. Like, or they'll say, oh, but you can't get a girlfriend because the girls have all been subverted by the media. That's the Jews. How did the Jews keep you out the gym? Because your arms are skinny, bro. Like, how did the Jews stop you from being a man? They want to fuck. Explain that to me. They go so far with it. They go so far with it. And if you try and point this out, you're instantly a Mossad agent. Even I get this, after defending Palestine and risking my life, because they could have locked me back up, and I was told not to, they're still not happy with me, because I don't go far enough with blaming the...  on the Jews. It rained outside. You didn't have an umbrella. The Jews did it. So there's the psychoside of it. But as a rational person who likes to see both sides of the argument, I would also argue. It is interesting that it seems the only influence over the American government that we're not scared about or we don't measure is the Israeli influence over the American government. It seems they do have some control over the American government. They do lobby heavily and nobody talks about it in a negative way. Whereas if the Chinese do it or the Russian do it, there seems to be a big problem. It doesn't seem to be measured when Israel does it and nobody seems to be concerned by it. Now, whether that's a good or bad thing, you can get someone on more qualified than me to discuss. There's people more qualified than me. I would argue as a rational, intelligent individual that the American government should be pertinently aware of all influences that are put on it. Shouldn't you measure them? I'm not saying even stop them, but shouldn't you know? Because let me ask another question. This is a thought experiment. If you allow a nation to influence your nation and you allow it to happen on.  checked. Who's influencing the influencer? I don't know this at all. This is off the top of my head. Who says Israel's not being influenced by China, Russia? Whoever. What I'm saying is they can be a conduit if you allow it to be unchecked. So I understand that Israel seems to be the only country that can influence American politics without being checked. I understand that. I understand that strange. I agree that should be measured. That's true. However, to argue that the Jews are the only reason why you're a little bitch hiding in your house at home. That's also bullshit. There's definitely a lot of irrationality on both sides. That's what I would say about that whole subject. And I think that people should be more rational and approach it rationally. But that subject seems to get people instantly into black and white camps. And those are the subjects that are harder to, hardest to discuss. I love the breakdown. Where there's no subjectivity. That's the part of the breakdown. See, this is because in this breakdown, the way you just eloquently put together, guess who can be right?  sides because it's like, you know, don't know to trump to this and that's his own, he's this, maybe he's just being strategic. No, no, no, but that side they have control of everybody. Maybe they do have a little bit, no, they don't, they're, no, they maybe they do. That's the subjectivity that you do keyword you're using here is that we have to be able to do that more often. It was broken down so well that we just did it right now. I don't mean to interrupt you. I just was really, thank you. But this is the interesting part because there are certain subjects where is instantly snapping to black and white camps. And those are the problems that never get fixed. Those are the problems that never get fixed or has to be subjectivity and discussion in all things. And both sides can semi have a point and it has to be discussed at large. So it's actually, I would make this point actually for the people who are truly fearful of Israel and truly fearful of Jewish influence, you hinder yourselves by not being open to rational conversations by not being invited on speaking podcasts, by not being open to ideas.  because you don't accept that not every single thing on the planet is to Jews. If you want to be reasonable and responsible and have interesting and open conversations, you'll get a lot further. But when you put up this wall of every single thing is Jews, every single thing they've ever done, every single thing, you're just going to destroy yours. You're going to destroy your own movement. Because when I, me, a half black Muslim who defended Palestine is being accused of being a Mossad agent, you may have gone too far. Perhaps, guys, maybe you're going a bit far. But I mean, I guess it doesn't cross their minds. Because I promote race mixing, because my mother's white and my father's black, it looks like I work for the Jews. So what can you do? Well, take your card. I got you. I was about to get you a discount. I'm going to get you a 10% discount. Get the Yama out. I got you. Get the Yama out. I won't get one. We'll fix it in. All the vows would say if I was hired, where's my fucking money? It saves the money.  Yeah, they pay y'all, yeah. And you know, but uh, we're going to get you another protect Philippe. Well, you know, with the diamonds, you know, it's, it, it truly is interesting. How many people cannot have a rational conversation ever? Cause I am perfectly capable of arguing against every point I argue for. I'm perfectly capable of it. Just to what you're supposed to do. That's a way to judge against your own reason. You should do that. Absolutely. But these people are incapable of having rational subjective conversations ever. And that is why we end up in the positions we end up in. Great breakdown. We can move on from this topic and talk about something. How about a light topic? We've been too heavy. Let's talk Epstein a little bit. No, it's not. I get more hate than Epstein does. You know, this human trafficking crack. They hate on me more or no convictions. Yeah. No, a single picture of a victim. Not a single girl on the news saying I hurt her zero. I get more hate than Epstein.  Well, we've never heard this guy's voice. You're only one of the leading voices in the world. I wonder if it's because the people who were on his island own the media. Hmm. Ever crossed your mind? Maybe it's interesting. Maybe the people who were on his list own the media. And they're like, no, we didn't do human trafficking. This guy did. Let me tell you, the only thing I've ever tried to do with a girl in my house is get her out. Please leave. Please, the taxi's outside. Yeah, tomorrow. I'll definitely see you tomorrow. 100%. I'm a bit busy. Maybe I promise. Please go home. I suppose I'm kidnapping garbage. So the fact that my brother and I get more hate for human trafficking than Epstein shows how susceptible people are to Matrix programming. I mean, let me, let me, before we move to Epstein, I want to make this very clear because everyone at home watching this, you need to check yourself. Check yourself. Do a self diagnostic. If you can get a visceral emotional reaction to somebody you've never met because of something the media has said, you are a slave. You are a slave. If the media...  can sit down and tell you one side of a story and make you feel strongly and emotionally and angry against an individual you've never met and don't know the entire story of you are slave-minded. My mind is so open. Let's talk about subject that's gonna get me in more trouble. You said 80% maybe before we go on to this let me get myself in more trouble. Will you write to me in jail? I will. Thank you sir. That's a verbal deal right there. I can go. Right. I can go. So I will your call of fiction. You know your call. I can fuck off. So pop that call of tape. Probably sure enough real quick. I am so resistant to media programming that even when I know somebody is guilty of something I still ask questions. So did he? Is he guilty? Probably. Yeah. I believe he's guilty. There's enough evidence around. He looks pretty guilty. But when I when the media is attacking him I sit and think.  I don't sit and think, I can't do this shit, I don't get program in the media. I sit and think, why only him? Hmm. All of Hollywood's doing it. What did the he do to get him in trouble? Because there's a whole bunch of others who've done the same things, but they're okay and he's not. Why did they randomly choose him? Did he stop obeying? Did he not resign the contract? Did he refuse to shut up about certain things? Why did they pluck him from the bunch of hundreds they could have gotten? That's what I think when the media attacks someone. So that's what a smart man thinks. When people see me on the news, Andrew Tate, and they say, ah, okay, so he's had some girlfriends and one girlfriend 10 years ago said he's a bad person. Let's say that applies to every man on earth. A slave will go, Andrew's a bad person. A smart man will go, why him? Why did they randomly choose this one guy when they could have chosen anyone? Why did they pick him? Well, let's look at the things he says. Oh, he talks against war. I talks against this. He talks against that. Oh, turns out he's an enemy of the slave mind and the programming. Maybe that's why.  analyze why things are happening as opposed to feel emotionally invested in that event. So if you are watching something on the news or if you have a strong opinion on someone you've never met, all these losers tweeting negatively at me who hate me so deeply because they saw a part of a YouTube video once and it offended them to their core. They can't stop tweeting against me. And Megan Kelly thinks I'm bad and she's never even spoken to me. All these people are slave-minded. Use your brain and think for yourself. Why did they choose me? Randomly. Once I become famous, once I spoke against a matrix, not while I had a webcam studio, not when those videos were made. No, I was fine. You do know that 20% of Romanian GDP comes from webcam studios. Do you know that? Look it up. Because webcams studio is all over Bucharest. They don't care. Why did they randomly choose me and attack me? Is it because I'm guilty or perhaps there may be an ulterior motive if we're intelligent people. Our brains for a second.  When I see the ditty things as heinous as they are, I argue, generally part the services sector. 5,000 women are employed in Romania's calming industry. Minimum, those are the official ones. Those are the ones you have. Those are the ones that pay tax and trust the most of them don't. So I'm telling you, Romania's full of webcam. They don't care, they've never cared. Why me? So when I see the ditty things, a slave is like, he's a disgusting piece of shit, he's disgusting shit. I sit there and go, wait, wait, wait, I don't know ditty. Never spoke to him. I'm not defending him. Cause what they're about to say, an editor six, Dr. for good offense, six Dr. no, what I'm saying is they've decided to wreck him. I don't know his side of the story. He may be guilty. His side of the story might be, yeah, I did it. So did this guy, this guy, this guy, this guy. I'm only asking why only him? Cause I think that's a far more interesting story. Why him of all of them? Are we allowed to ask? Probably not. But I'm not slave minded. They can't control me. Because let me ask you another question.  You remember the video of him beating Cassie up in the hallway. We all do. Yeah, wait an LA when did that happen? 2000 on like 11 12 forever. Yeah, forever. It wasn't recent here. Here is I Wish to God. This was on candy camera when that video came out on Twitter. I said T He goes well. I said they're about to get diddy. He goes why I said they've just released a video that's 10 years old They've been sitting on it for 10 years and they've just put on the news now 2016 March of 2016 I said this is just in verbatim. I said T they're about to get diddy He said why I said they've released a video that is 10 years old They've been sitting on this for 10 long years. This was 2016. They got the footage Why has no one seen it and Tristan goes and that's how it now. I was like, yep two weeks later arrested They set up the public perception before the arrest and I know how this works So I saw it and called it this came out of nowhere This was stored somewhere in the matrix archives when they decided to take him down first thing you do is slander him  Just like they did to me. Before we were arrested, there was a media campaign trying it's very best to paint us as bad people because the media doesn't report the news. Gentlemen, please understand, the media prepares the public for the news. That's what they do. The media start saying, you're gonna die from COVID. Everyone's dying from COVID. COVID's scary. We might have to lock you in your house. We'll try not to, but we might have to. Prepare for maybe a lockdown. They soften your mind to the idea of things. They don't just come along and say, you're locked in your house because people will rebel. They soften your mind to it. They soften people's brains to the idea of a diddy arrest on purpose because it was all set up and decided. Just like they did to me because it was all set up, it was all orchestrated. That's why I do not believe what the media want me to believe. I'm not emotionally reacting to their stories because that's what they're intending. Instead, I'm analyzing, why did this appear now? Why has this been said now? Why are they putting it out today? What is their further intentions? Why him? Why not the others?  Why this one clip of Andrew Tate saying something which could be interpreted badly, why are we not talking about Andrew Tate's charity, TatePledge.com, where he gives $25 million a year's away. Why are we not talking about the dog shelters he runs in Romania? Why are we only talking about an old joke he made 10 years ago? Why? Why? Nobody thinks why for any of this? And then they get played like a fool. And before you know it, they're being dragged down the path. They can andre Tate's the worst man in the world with no criminal conviction. Before you know it, even senators, even governors of great states like Florida are not smart enough to stand up and answer a media question without falling for the trap, which makes them incompetent and unfit for leadership. If they can't resist matrix programming, do you want a governor who can be tricked by the matrix? Because I don't. Do you want AG who's going to instead of trying to solve the crime in Florida, find an innocent man and waste his time trying to put him in jail? Because I don't. But this is the world we're now living in, all because the matrix can control people with a MSM which should be completely defiled by now. Who's a f***?  even watching this shit, who even cares what they say? Who gives a shit? Who believes a single word from MSM? Who? Slaves. That's who. So it's very important that you at home, if you want to resist the slave programming, defrag your own brain, analyze yourself, go look in the mirror and say, who do I hate this person? Have I ever met them? No. Why do I hate them? The news told me. Wake up. Andrew, so when it, well, because it started on the Epstein list. So we were promised that Epstein list was gonna come out, Trump said he's gonna release it. Casper Cell said day one, I was gonna release it. Business working days, we're on day six, I tweeted it today. And Andrew, you kind of mentioned it, because they're all involved. What type of, who is the type of people or group that can literally make phone calls and say, don't you freaking dare put that shit out because we're all on it and we have footage on all of you and we're on it as well. Who, who, could I know your smirking? Cause I know you kind of know, but who has that power, Andrew, don't get in trouble. Who's up there?  that's calling them because Andrew, they're calling like, think about it. It's reaching Pambandhi, it's reaching Kashpatel, and Donald Trump promised it to us, and we're still waiting. We're waiting, which I don't think it's ever gonna come out. Who's up there? Who's up there? Who's making that call? Well, I could say the Jews and get some favor. Could some favor with the internet. Um, but, you know, let's argue that there's a lot of influences in the world. Yep. And all of them are rich. Poor people don't matter. In terms of this kind of political setup, right? So it can be the Jews, it can be the Muslims, it can be the Christians, whatever, but whoever they are, they have a lot of money because money is power. So I would analyze firstly, if I had to try and dissect this, as a professional, I would analyze who controls enough money that it would be a detriment to the political class and the society as a whole if these lists leaked. Because nobody's afraid of outing a poor person, and nobody's afraid of outing brokenies. They're afraid of outing people with massive influence and influences money because money is a stored time and they're afraid of outing a poor person,  energy of other humans. So I would say follow the money. And if you follow the money, you will come to the answer to the question. Will they eventually release it? I like to think so. I'm actually a huge fan of cash. I actually like Pam. I think they're good people. I've never spoken to them, but from what I've seen, they're great. So I like to think they will release it. I also am a benefit of the doubt guy in general. I think that if somebody says they're going to release a list and they're a little bit late, but they haven't said they're not going to release it, I think we should give them the benefit of the doubt because the other team would have never released it. The other team would have never promised to release it. If Kamala wanted, we'd have never been seen. So perhaps there's a delay. Maybe I like to think perhaps it will come in the end. That would be good. But if you want to ask me who's stopping it coming out, it's people with money. That's what it is. Money makes the world go around. It's people with money. So if you follow the money, you're going to find out both sides, by the way, I agree. I agree 100%. I'm going to do with people that this is money. Money, money makes the world go around, especially America. America's all it's money. Wasn't there news over the last week that he was literally an FBI informant? FBI informant and a  So there was there's totally work for everybody. You know what's interesting when you talk about like money and how money affects everything. I was having a conversation. You know what, if I really wanted to go viral at my private conversations inside the war room at my house would be posted online but they're not. But I was discussing with somebody and we were talking about Trump ending bricks. You know, Trump came along and said, bricks is enough to use them to know. Insulin ended it. And a girl who's there said, well, why are people listening to Trump? Why don't people just do bricks anyway so they can get off the dollar and they can move on? Which is quite smart thing for her girl to say she actually knew what bricks was. Those are breasts. Like, can you drive? Yeah. Oh, didn't think so. So I said, because it's actually interesting. Money is the driving force behind all politics. It always will be because it is your primary objective to not only make people believe they can be rich but to keep your rich people happy, to keep your oligarchy happy and to keep them politically invested in you. The only countries in the world that can control their oligarchy are America, Russia and China. Every other country.  They're rich political classes. They're oligarchy are more interested in staying rich than they are interested in the leadership of the country So if you're able to proceed with bricks and try and completely detach from the American dollar The massive repercussions of that would upset the oligarchy of these nations Do you think the rich Venezuelans really give a shit about the Venezuelan president or do they give a shit about their offshore accounts and their dollars and staying? They want their money Yeah, so the only way you can combat America on the American dollars if you can control your oligarchy China oligarchy is controlled because look what happened to Jack Ma when you talk about about China He vanished look what happens to Russian oligarchs when they do bad they fly out the fucking window all of them every single one The American oligarchs well they get a prison case usually so we're the nicest of the three But we can control our oligarchy most the nations if you want to understand politics in lots of countries You need to analyze how many countries cannot control the wealth of their own nation That's one of the reasons England's collapsing right now. There is a wealth flight everyone with money is leaving And you know what's funny. They're leaving because of crime in Islam. I guess what they're leaving  to Dubai, all of them. So it's not an Islam problem, it's a crime problem, it's a unsafe streets, it's a government you can't trust, it's too tear policing, that's what they're running from. But everyone is leaving these countries because the UK is not a strong enough government to keep its rich people in place. America has great control over its oligarchy, American billionaires stay in America and Russian billionaires stay in Russia. And they'll listen, if Putin calls all the billionaires and says we're not doing business with Ukraine, they'll listen, if not, they go flying out of window. That's why they're all flying out windows. Couple of them took the wrong phone call, took the wrong text message, shouldn't have done it. FSB turned up, they're built different. You ain't arguing your way out of that one, you're going out and fucking window. So it's really interesting when you analyze global politics, who can actually control their oligarchies, how they can influence things overall. So you talk about the Epstein list, I would argue it's a very similar scenario, it's all about money, it's all about who has the money and controlling the money. Is America as a country prepared to upset all of its richest people? I don't know, is it? Is it prepared to upset all of its...  richest people to appease bloodthirsty brokeies who don't even care about justice. They just want the drama. Another question, because I would argue that the murders that happen every day on the street are very interesting, but no one cares about that. MS-13 and all this shit, no one's really cares about that, but this Epstein list they really care about. They want justice sure, but it's a drama. It's interesting. They want to find out. They're curious. And I'm asking you as a professional, you're in charge of a country, you're a primary objective is to keep your oligarchy happy, to keep the wealth inside of your nation, and to make them obey you when it comes to sanctions and such other things, and to ensure that the US dollar becomes and stays the predominant currency globally. There's a bunch of bloodthirsty brokeies on the internet who barely pay taxes who want to go through a list. Who are you going to prioritize? Who do you care about? I'm not saying it's fair, but anyone who believes the legal systems are fair is a dumb ass anyway, because the legal system's never been fair. There's always been a who are you involved in all legal cases. So you talk about the Epstein things, I sit and think it's all money-oriented, because broke people...  like to think that rich people should be held accountable like broke people. And that's a great idea, but guess what? They're not. They're not. Rich people have a different capability to fight against legal cases in a broke person. They can have better lawyers. They have better media spend, they have PR. They have news outlets. I'm not, and I'm not talking about myself because I'm a rich lady's people. These people own news networks. They can affect public sentiment, which affects a jury, which affects their case. This is the bottom line of it. At the top level, at the top echelon of fame and money, legal cases aren't even about law. They're just a circus. If they pick you up, it's only deliberately to attack your image. It's not even about law at that point, like Trump. It was only to attack his image. With me, it was to attack my image. They didn't give a shit. They got a conviction. They got a shit about keeping me in a country where I couldn't work, trying to take away all my money and slandering me everyday on the news. That's all they wanted to do. So you have to analyze these things as a professional and understand you're talking about the most powerful people in the world on this list, perhaps. And you're asking, why has the list not come out?  I would argue that the most powerful people in the world, if they have half a brain or talk of the cash and pam and saying, look, maybe this is on, maybe I'm not less than anybody is something bad, but also look at all the good I've done this, this, this, this, this, this, this. You want to appease a few Twitter artists, but it's going to have this consequence, that consequence, that consequence, that consequence, that consequence. And then as a rational adult, there's rational conversations to have. And rational conversations are about subjectivity and compromise. It's not about sit and saying, that's the law. So that's what we're going to do. And that's what we all like to believe that the laws, the law, we all stick to the law. It doesn't work that way. You know, I wonder if how many people know, for example, think about the Epstein files, how many people you think have seen it? How many know that are working for the government? What do you think that number is? 50, 100, is it 20? I would say 18. I would say, 18. Or is it 300? How many is it? But here's another thing. Here's another fear I would have if I was cash. And I'm not in his position. Here's a fear I would have if I was cash. I would understand there's a hostile media and...  towards my president. I would understand that people lie by omission. As we discussed earlier, when you call 100 girls, you only choose one. When you leave out a huge part of the story, you are lying. But you're telling the truth about part of the story, but you're lying by omission. Perhaps you're looking at these files saying, there's 400 names on here, but there's these two names that's gonna hurt us. And the media is gonna ignore 398 names. And they're gonna only pick up these two names. And they're gonna wreck us with these two names and ignore all the names on their side. Is this worth it to appease Twitter autists? Because we're now gonna have a lying by omission attack that we're gonna be dealing with for the rest of human time. Also, we have no idea what's in these Epstein files. I don't know, nobody knows. Is it proof of crimes? Is it proof of trafficking? Is it sexual details? Or is it just a flight log? I don't know. So perhaps you could have someone dead to rights, fucking children on their side. And you could just have one person on a flight log on our side. And the person who did the genuine crime will be ignored, lied by omission. And they'll just...  mentioned the one guy who caught a flight once. This is a consideration as professionals, you have to sit down and go, how can our enemy, it's chess. I'm gonna make this move to attack my enemy. How can he attack me after the move has been made? And I'm telling you that Pam and Cash, as professionals are sitting there going, they're gonna ignore 99.8% of this and they're gonna take that 0.2% and it's gonna wreck us with it. We're gonna be in Senate hearings. We're gonna be hearing about it on the news. It's gonna affect the next election. They're gonna be talking about it all over the... It gets messy now. And who are you trying to appease? You're trying to appease drama merchants. Because a lot of people online pretend to care about law and order or drama merchants. All the people who were involved in my case, I am so offended by human trafficking, and you're taking, I've done nothing wrong. So you're just a drama merchant. You're not offended by anything, because it's not real. You're just a drama merchant who wants to pretend their matter with their shit little opinion. I mean, involved in drama because no one gives a fuck about you when you walk down the street and you wanna be a big guy on Twitter. So you wanna pretend you matter. So you have to analyze these things carefully. I would argue.  If I had to come to the bottom of it, we talked about the money aspect, but I would also argue there is an aspect there Where the lying bi omission attack it opens them up to a massive attack factor and they have to consider this attack factor Is going to be very hard to dispute for a very long time and they're going to ignore 99% of this file and attack us with the 1% Sometimes trying to do the good thing doing the right thing the mob The peasants the mob are not the good guys Gaddafi did great for his people. What do they do to him? What do they do to him? They chopped them the pieces Sort him iced him trying to appease the mob doesn't always work like you think it does It's not easy I mean, it's it's a point being made the question becomes do you think the names are gonna be leaked at this point? I don't think it is. I don't think so. I don't think and go on over what you said angel my thing is and I'm we're obviously we're not those The the people that are just like I just want oh my thing is the young because we don't know the the ages But there was young children and you guys have children mean Adam don't young children that were  that were potentially raped and you know what, that's a big ass island murdered killed because these people have no homes there. Nobody, we just get rid of them, probably cremated over there. And now those people are just walking around, and I get it, because as a Christian, God is going to pay them back. You know what's interesting? This ties back into something we were talking about earlier with polygamy and me having multiple women in these things. And this is an interesting thought experiment I want us all to undertake here, because I would argue that the reason we have such a problem with sexual perversion amongst our elite class in the West is because monogamy is being pushed to the front where it's unnatural to a degree for certain men, not all men, but certain men are not interested in monogamy. It's being pushed to the front and people are getting to a certain level of wealth and power. And they're stuck with one wife, who then perhaps don't even get along with anymore. And they're only together for a show marriage, and they don't even enjoy each other's company anymore. And they're sexually repressed, and the only people they can go to do anything sexual without getting exposed is this island. And before you know it, they end up doing there and doing more and more depraved things. You know why you don't see Russians on that island? Rich Russians? Because rich Russians are allowed 10 girlfriends. So then they have their wife, and they have their playtoy.  and they're fine, because that's the masculine imperative at certain level in certain echelons of wealth and power and status. So if you're a man who's prepared to have a bunch of women and you have your women, you're happy enough. But if you're a man who's stuck with a woman and you don't even get along with each other and it's a show marriage and you have to be together in your argue all the time and you're sexually repressed and you're being promised in secret that you can go to an island and finally be pleasure and satisfied. No one's ever going to find out that's how you end up on the island. So this whole monogamy garbage that's being pushed by the West, especially amongst our elites, is the reason we have the biggest problem with pedophilia and they don't have this problem in South America because they all have girlfriends. You know, have this problem in Russia because they all have girlfriends. The tie elites don't have this problem. They all have girlfriends. But here in the West, we're saying, nope, you just stick with your wife, only her, be happy with her. Well, why would you know, get along anymore? Why would you know, fuck anymore, ever? Why would you not enjoy it? And you're hearing all these stories from all these people having a great time. That's why we have a perversion problem because we're suppressing men's natural inclination to sexually mate with women who are not the one they're married to. That is actually the root of a lot of pedophilia. People say, I am the problem with the West and I'm destroying Western society. I would argue. I would argue. What are that?  that actually a certain echelon monogamy causes more problems than it solves. Such a huge ability to communicate in debate. I can't wait to see this kind of stage of meeting in the beginning. I will become a citizen there. I'll vote for that. You know, I'm laughing because someone's gonna take this clip. Yeah, for some guy who works at Pizza Hut. He's gonna take this clip. Yeah, I think it's called cheating on his girlfriend. And you say, listen. This is why you want me to become a pedophile? But I just made pepperoni pizzas a tire. I don't want to fuck kids with the pizza. I don't understand the pedophilia thing because believe me, I live in Miami. I know the Russians. I know the Colombians. I know the Venezuelans. I get the extra girlfriends. But if you're not happy being married, why do you have to go to the... No, no, just go bring a hot chip. But they go, why a kid? I would argue and I have no idea that they go to these island with the intentional sleeping with a beautiful 23, 24 year old whatever and they do eventually. But then all the people are doing this and it gets further and further down the depravity and then it's kind of like if you go to these secret clubs and do the only person not doing it, you can't...  can't be trusted. So I guess there's a peer pressure element. Or maybe. I think it's, I think it's a combination over years. Or maybe you end up doing them that their 1920 turns out. Probably. There's 16. Probably. And they have it on camera. And now you're going to do what I'm going to do. Oh, no, it's probably one of the blackmail element. Well, sure. It would be, it would be stupid to believe the reason, right? Because if you're going to have a secret club and you're going to try and get powerful people to come to it, you're going to want to have leverage over them to make sure you're not exposed. So of course there's a blackmail element on top. Also, I'm saying the initial reason men are interested at all. If Obama wasn't stuck with Michelle and he was allowed four or five big, big keys, he wouldn't be on the fucking F.D. live. But he's stuck with Michelle who's bigger than him. So he's like, fuck this. So he goes to the island. But if he was allowed to have a harem, he wouldn't be interested. You're saying he's scared of his, of his, of his, uh, I think she'd be even a fight. He's really 100%. I, I, I bet on her. I would probably do the same. I think Michelle would want more bombers ass. Seriously. Phil Clinton would never cheat on Hillary. We know that. Oh, no, of course.  That's just a joke. I don't know if you guys heard about what Trump said about death penalty and drug dealers. Did you see this? No. Very interesting. Can you, if you could. This is a spread. President Trump talking about death penalty with drug dealers. I'm going to get your thoughts on it. Go for it, rap. If you notice that every country that has a death penalty has no drug problem, they execute drug dealers. And when you think about it, it's very humane because every drug dealer on average, they say, kills at least 500 people, not to mention the damage they do so many others, but they kill large numbers of people. China, Singapore, actually there are quite a few, many in Asia where they have the death problem. There's no drug problem whatsoever. They come to our country because we have a much softer policy. We give them a slap on the wrist and say, kill a lot of people. So we are going to... I mean, I'm...  I don't know of our countries ready for it. I am ready for it. The death penalty of your deal is very strong. You have to set out guidelines like fairly large numbers, et cetera. But you'll have it go down very greatly. One of the positive thoughts. I think it would fix the problem. I agree with him. Logically, I mean, it is very strong. Do I answer from an emotional perspective? And you know what's actually funny? From an emotional perspective, after being through the law fair, I've been through and the accusations I've been through when I was innocent, I'm actually far less death penalty than I was before the accusations. Because before the accusations, I was 100% death penalty. And now, after seeing how you can get fucking wrecked in a court when you've done nothing wrong, I'm a lot more, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, calm down. So emotions, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, there it is. Take it easy. Take it easy. They made it all up. Chill. So from an emotional perspective, I hear that and I'm kind of like, okay, that is strong. But then from a logical perspective, logically, is he right about China and Singapore? Yes. Would it reduce the drugs and would it fix the problem? Yes. I mean, it is.  It's a solution. Trump is a solution-oriented man. It is a solution. Often, what you'll do, and I actually think Trump is smart enough to understand this, he says things that gets people very emotionally upset. But what did we say earlier about the threat of violence? You won't need the death penalty if you have the threat at that. I actually argue that if you do that and you implement that, and you get one or two of them, and maybe you kill a couple people, not that many, or maybe you put them on death roll, row and let them out 21 years later on appeal. But if just the idea of it will fix the problem. So I think that's what he's actually doing here. Oh, say we've had a failure. I think we, this is me, Andrew. I'm dead serious. If you're caught, sexual assaulting a young kid, you're 100% castration. And then that part is fun. Yeah, I mean that, that I feel more people are crazy. He takes more easy guys. Am I at 99% trouble here? You're more people are there. But what I'm asking you is, think about it. Drug dealer, death penalty. But he's in a massive amount. If it's, hold on, hold on. Let me tell you something. What?  Remember that they decriminalized and legalized all drugs in Oregon. So we have federalism in the United States. Certain states are like, yo, get crazy with it. Certain states Trump's talking about this. What you're saying, though, what I'm saying is you're not going to listen. What happened during prohibition? They criminalized liquor and then what happened? The moonshine business went to the roof and all of a sudden that's how the mob is talking to the FBI. Trump's a genius. His intention with saying this is to see if the American public will accept it. If they accept it, he will implement it. Once it is implemented, he will then put a couple of people on death roll, which he may not even kill, which makes the drug traffickers less likely to take the job without a lot more money, which makes the drugs more expensive, which makes them harder to acquire. It's harder to get drug mules. It's all a big foamuse. It's showbiz. It's Trump's a genius. He knows exactly what he's doing. He hasn't got a kill, a single person, just like I do not have to hit my son because I would. That's what's happened. How about the threat of anything else for you? No, no, you're not fully there, though. We got to do it again. Do you know how many Americans die?  I just from fentanyl by drug dealers every single year. Do you know the number? Hundreds of thousands. You kill one freaking, and I'm with you, Andrew. You kill one of these freaking guys, and I'm telling you right now, that shit would slow down. But also, guys, there's another thing. There's another element this year that we're missing. That is a threat. That's not a threat to drug dealers. You know, that's a threat to nation states, right? You know that when we were in Afghanistan, we ensured the opium was grown because we sent the opium to China and Iraq and we wanted to subvert their populations. And I ran. You do know that like America does it. America produces drugs and sends them to the enemies. You do know China is sending drugs here. This is a veiled threat to nation states. This is deeper than just some idiot getting a death sentence. This is letting people know that your spies will get assassinated. This is deep. This is many layers deep. By the way, the part of me loves this, and a part of me wants to see the counter-argument, make the argument on what's the right thing to do here. Okay, you make one example of it.  drug dealer getting killed on death penalty. So the guy says, Hey, man, you're gonna make $100,000 on this cocaine. Hey, bro, I'm good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna make the argument. Then almost what percentage of doctors are going to jail? Cause those other fuckers are putting prescriptions out for a doctor. You're right. There's a doctor. So then how far are we? The big farmers going to jail? What though? Albert Burler made a vaccine from a dentist. A dentist was selling viket into my friend who eventually died because he took 50. Where a dentist was selling them back in a days. It was legal. Ten bucks a pop eight bucks a pop because you would buy so many of them. No, but but to me, that dentist needs to be held accountable. I know with this dentist. That dentist needs to be held accountable. We were guys like this are out there. This was 20. Just 20 years ago. By the way, what's today's okay? It's in two months. It's going to be 20 years. Those guys need to be held accountable. Something like this can scare the shit out of a lot of people. Let's go to the next story. Before we move on, it's really interesting because what we're  actually discussing here is the entire attitude towards law enforcement as a whole. And this is something I've been researching heavily since I got out of jail. When I was in jail in Romania, I sat there and I was with a bunch of people in jail and obviously you all discussed your stories and one guy was in jail for looking in a car window. There was car break-ins on this street. He was walking up and down the street. The police caught him looking in a window. Didn't forget the car who was looking in the car and they arrested him and said, we think you did it, jail. So the Romanian attitude towards justice is we may get a few innocent bystanders, but we just lock up everyone, but society is safe. Whereas if you look at the British or the American way, we have larger crime problems than Romania because we believe in individual liberty. So often with most law enforcement decisions, you have to decide, do you think of the ant or the ant farm? Because if you think of the ant farm, some ants just die. And lots of countries do this. Japan has a 99% conviction rate. Do you think that's because they're so fantastic at law enforcement or do you think that's because?  Some innocent people go to jail because they care more about the perception of law in order than they care about one person's individual liberty. So this is what's interesting. It is the West that believes in what about this individual's liberty? And it is other countries that think we're prepared to sacrifice some people for the greater good, for the good and sanctity of society as a whole. They're different approaches to law enforcement. That's why China and Singapore do that. China and Singapore, I will guarantee, have executed some innocent people. But in the end, less people have died. It's the same. It's the guy with the car. You've seen the car and there's one person in front and there's five people, the train on the tracks and he has to pull the lever. That's all it is. And this is the approach to law enforcement globally. It's actually only Western nations that give a shit about individually. In countries like Romania, they're like, ah, people think he may have done it. He's a big guy. Fuck it. It's just fucking. Fuck it. He looked in the car window. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. But you can walk around at three in the morning with a diamond watch on. You're not having these rumble. So it's, it's, it's a couple of topics before we wrap up. Good point. By the way.  Rob, can you pull up the clip with the president, actually Zelensky and the president together? That is a clip that doesn't get, it's just I can watch it so many times. Watching this guy's audacity to feel comfortable, just go to my Twitter account, Rob. You're gonna have a long time finding it, just go to my Twitter account, and go lower, you'll see the video. This is Zelensky and a White House sitting next to J.D. Vance, do the first one. Do the first one lower, not that one. That's about his outfit. Go on lower, right there. I wanna get your reaction on this. This is Zelensky sitting there, talking to the president and by the way, some people are saying that he slipped up a word and he cursed at J.D. Vance. Call him a bitch. Yeah, a bitch. You call him a bitch. Play this clip, Rob, go for it. I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes, but if you don't know, Mr. President, with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come to the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. Right now, you guys are going...  around and forcing conscripts to the front lines because you have manpower problems. You should be thanking the President for having to bring it into this conference. Have you ever been to Ukraine that you say what problems we have? I have been to... Come once. I have actually watched and seen the stories, and I know what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour, Mr. President. Do you disagree that you've had problems bringing people in your military? Yeah, I have. I'll make the disrespect. I've a lot to come to the Oval Office, the United States of America, and attack the administration that is trying to prevent the destruction of your country. A lot of questions, let's start from the beginning. Sure. First of all, during the war, everybody has problems. Even you, but you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you will feel it in the future. You don't know that. You don't know that. You don't know that. You don't know that. Don't tell us what we're going to feel. I'm not telling you the same thing. Because you're in no position.  You're in no position to dictate what we're going to feel. We're going to feel very good. We're going to feel very good and very strong. You're right now not in a very good position. You've allowed yourself to be in a very bad position. And this happens to be right about that. You're not in a good position. You don't have the cards right now. With us, you start having cards. Right now, you don't have to be surprised. You're gambling with a large number of millions of people. You're gambling with World War III. You're gambling with World War III. And what you're doing is very disrespectful to the country. This country is back to you. Far more than a lot of people said they should have. Look at his leaning hand. He wants to hit that. It's a lot of times. Even today. Even today. You went to Pennsylvania in campaign for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation from the United.  States of America and the president who's trying to save your country. Oh thoughts. I should be careful what I say about this because I return to the Ukrainian border on the 23rd of March but obviously truthfully I'm quite outraged. The fact that even at the beginning of the clip he had his arms crossed which is the terrible body language. You know it's at the beginning his arm crossed. Yeah. Very petulant. I don't know where he gets this confidence from. I'm not sure if he just bought into his own Kool-Aid. I would argue that he was had assurances from the deep state that Trump would never win. I feel like if I had to analyze he feels betrayed. I feel like he said well the Americans promise are going to help me now they've changed their minds. They promised me they put me in this position. That's why he's probably secretly angry at America and how much we give him. But I mean that was obviously a PR disaster from him. I am truthfully more outraged by the instant European tour that they threw together for him and they dragged the leaders of every single European country together to treat him like a hero.  and run him all over the place, that is another spit in the face of President Trump. I would like to think that Trump thinks the same as me, that if you add up the fact that Europe is now buddying up with people who disrespect him to his face, not allowing free speech. I mean, what do we even have in common anymore with our European allies supposedly? The fact that Kierstommer left the White House, flew home and instantly met Zelinsky is disgusting. Pull up their clip, bro. And when he's talking about conscription, you guys know what they're doing there, right? There's videos, Andrew, and I sent them to Rob. They're literally pulling up in vans, guys walking his dog and they're grabbing him and throwing him in a van and bringing him into the front lines to die. Is that not dictatorship as a leader? Is this video here? Like, look at this guy's walking his dog, his volume. They run up on this guy, they snatch his ass, they leave the dog, they throw him in, and they literally put him in the front lines to die. This is what JD Vance was talking about. He's like, this is what you're losing this war. And the soldiers, the soldiers, Andrew, don't want to...  fight. They're tired. They're done. They know they're going to freaking lose. So they grabbed the dude and they put him in the van and he's done. He's in the front lines and he dies. Period. We have to argue of Zelensky's trying to save himself because I think one of the biggest mistakes he made there is I think only America could have kept him alive when this is all over. He's not going to be safe in Ukraine. I don't think you can let that many of your own people die without having a disgruntled member of the population or an opposing political force deal with you. Europe can't keep you safe from Russia. That's been proven many times. I think there was a guy in Germany who got assassinated by the FSB relatively recently. They put a bullet in his head and then he did three years in German jail. He had a life sentence. He did three years before Putin did him in a prison or swap. I think that was 20, 20, 2021. So Europe can't save you. We know London can't because you get a plutonium sandwich. So only America could have kept him alive when this is all over. So pissing Trump off is an active desperation in petulence which he's going to truly regret in the end when this war ends because I don't know how nice Trump is. I don't know if he's going to sit with Putin and say, so Linsky's awful limits because Putin.  going to say is he at Target and if Trump says I don't care, then he has problems all around the globe. Where's he going to go? Where's he going to hide from the Russians? Did you hear President Trump and hear what he said about here? Have you seen the audio? It was good, right? Can you pull up that clip? It's interesting. I'm trying to see if Trump is playing diplomacy here. Yeah, Trump said good things about here. Yeah, he did. If you can play this clip, Rob. We have an ad. Okay, so then go to, well, I think before we play, I think I know what you're going to say. I'm guessing. I'm guessing. But we'll see. Can he skip or he can't? I can't skip. It's daily mail. So we're pulling straight from their website. Okay. Five seconds. Fifteen. But yet close. Okay, who can count? There's another clip as well where just now I think it happened today where Kieres up there speaking with Nigel Farage there. This just happened today, by the way. Today about Zalinsky and Trump. What do they government? Raise the audio up. Go back a little bit. Just got that one to see me twice.  have a call. You know I have a call the next 24 hours. Now I get along with it well I like him a lot he's liberal which is a little bit different for me but I think he's a very good person I think he's a very good job that's why he's very good with the job but he's represented his country in terms of his philosophy. I may not agree with his philosophy but I have a very good relationship with him. I've seen him twice and then I'm with him and drunked out as you're probably you say yeah dinner with him and drunk. He said like something great he calls he goes he's a liberal. He says that about a lot of people. He says that about Putin. He says that about G. He says he's got a relationship with all these guys. That's his approach he wants to keep it safe. Is this the clip of him saying the words? Yes go ahead and play it around. I have actually I've actually watched and seen the stories and I know what happens is he brings people he brings them on a propaganda tour. I have actually I've actually  watched and seen the stories. And I know what happens is you bring people, you bring them on a propaganda tour, Mr. I have been. Do you have the clip of his ambassador, not ambassador, diplomat that's there and she's just shaking her head like, she knows what's happening. What are you doing, right? The way he was handling it. But does this guy feel protected? Was he instigated that people challenge him to do so? This is, if I had to analyze, and once again, I'm guessing, but I can come up with a conclusion. I can guess why I think this happened. Look at this shaking her head. I want to see you. I want to see you. I want to see you. Because you get to see you fight faster than I do. Oh, yeah, go for it. Right. So firstly, the reason I think Trump saying good things about Kier is because Kier probably instantly agreed to everything Trump wants. I think Trump's a Kier and stick guy. I think if you turn up and in private, you say, he says we're going to do X, Y and Z and you go, okay, sir, we'll do X, Y and Z, then you're a great guy. I can't imagine Kier sat down and argued with him or disagree with him about anything important. He would have got that answer. So I think that basically Kier.  been over and America's going to get the better end of the deal. So for that reason, he gets praise because praise from Trump is good for your poll figures anywhere, any party, anywhere around the world. It's a good thing. Even liberals like you more if Trump likes you. That's how powerful he is. So what that means is that in their private exchange, Kiergayv, Trump, everything he wants. That's what I believe. As regards to Zelensky, I would argue that he was told by European elites that Trump is against this war and Trump is talking to Putin and they probably told him that Trump is a bully and Trump likes to be to bully people and you have to look strong in front of Trump. Don't be afraid of him. If you stand up to a bully, it puts them in their place and you're the leader of a country now at war and you have to show them that you're a strong leader. If you add in second language frustration and incompetence, you get a scenario like the one we just saw. So I think Zelensky was hyped up and told to stand up to a bully. You add in the fact he's speaking in a second language and doesn't truly understand English. You add in the fact he's nervous and incompetent. You add in the fact he's likely a drug addict and you have the  train trash, train crash we just saw there. That's why I think happened. Were you getting the drug addict component? I have to go back to Romania on March 23rd and the Ukrainians operate heavily inside of Romania. I don't want to catch a bullet if I do catch it. It's them, but I think everybody knows it's a cocaine addict. Really? Look at them. Yeah, there was clips about them on this as well. It's geeking out all the time. Yeah, they were decently cocaine. It was clips about them. I mean, it's easy to be co-cated if you're hiding in the bunker. There's a contingent of your own country. The Russians want you dead. Now the Americans want you dead. The Europeans are promising you things, but the Europeans are femcentric. The Europeans are run by women. And when I say run by women, I get this confused often. I often say that this is femininity that is destroying it. Europe is run by femininity. And when I say that, they'll say, here's not a woman. No, but he's not a man, is he? When I'm talking about women, I'm talking about the female mindset versus the masculine mindset and feminism and the European state, they always say, we don't hate men. Look, here's a man, but he's not masculine. They hate men who act masculine. They like the men who act like girls because they're unix. They like the unix and the girls. They don't like the real masculine men. And there's not a c-  Single leader in Europe, which is a masculine man. Europe is a feminine continent, and the problem with femininity as a whole is that as their emotions change, their obligations change. It's to masculine and pair it to make a promise and make a pact, and even if your emotions change, you stick to your word. That is masculine. Female is, I love you so much right now. I'll do everything for you. I'll die for you because I love you. As soon as she stops loving you, everything's out the window, nothing matters. Her words don't matter. All the matters are her feelings. The problem that Zelensky has now is his allies are women, which means right now they feel like helping him, which means they'll make him a whole bunch of promises. They mean what they say. They're not lying. They mean it right now, but when their feelings change, everything changes. Before he knows he's in an apartment in Berlin, hiding from the FSB, he's got a catchable it, and he knows it, and that's why he's under pressure. That's why he's reacting like he did. Only the Americans could have negotiated and bargained for his safety. Wait, you're saying Macron is not masculine? I just want to put, I mean... Yeah. I mean...  I think we should get Candace on here and confirm if he is married to his. Candace? She's getting close. She's getting close. She's doing great. She's doing great. It's amazing. But this is very important that we run. Well, let's understand this, right? Let's understand this. Europe is themcentric run by women. The men are effectively women. There is no masculine man inside of the entire European elite. Europe is women. Do you know what is a strong patriarchy with a masculine influence? America. Do you know another one? Russia. If America and Russia ally against Europe, they are crushed economically, energetically, militarily, they are crushed completely. And they're sitting there like petulant females refusing to accept the reality that there's two strong men on either side that are tired of their shit. And it's time to shut up and listen. So we're going to see if Europe comes to its senses and gets lockstep in line with Trump's imperatives. I would argue that Kier has done exactly that. Kier sat down in private when he didn't act like a tough guy. Because he wants to be a tough guy. Because you know, you're that woman who gets in your face, hit me then. That's all them. They're all little girls.  Soyface, run his mouth publicly, said Trump's bad before the election publicly, then he sits down with Trump privately. We don't know what said. Trump leaves and goes, yeah, I like here. He's a good guy. I guarantee you, it's because Kieres like, sorry, Mr. Trump, what should I sign? Sorry, Mr. Trump. Signed whatever Trump wanted. Otherwise he wouldn't have got that accolade from Trump himself. And all of these people are going to end up bending over to Trump in the end. And the strongest leader of these European countries is actually a woman, Georgia, Maloney, and Italy. It's incredible. That's why Europe's collapsing because there's no mask and impairment. Well, at least Canada is the defenders. At least Canada has a real man like Justin Trudeau. I mean, why is he still on TV? I don't know. Why is he still around? Wasn't he gone? I don't know if he's gone. They're waiting on a election. You know, again, I don't know the ins and outs of the economics. But when Trump imposed terrorists on Canada and Mexico and they instantly folded and did whatever he wanted behind the scenes to get the terrorists removed, absolute gangster. And I don't know, I can't remember the name of the conservative leader of Canada Pierre whatever he is. But when all these people start trying to talk tough about Canada and all this crap.  You guys need to, they really secretly know the deal because if they really piss Trump off, they're gonna hit with these tariffs and get wrecked. So in public, what did I say earlier about a billionaire can lie? In public, they stand up. Canada will never be the 51st state. We're a proud Canadian, we're gonna fight against them. Next day, Trump takes the tariffs off. Why? Is it because of the little stupid speech you made on K&A TV? The no one watches? Or is it because you called Trump and said, Mr. Trump, what would you want me to do, Mr. Trump? Okay, I'll fix him Mr. Trump, Mr. Board of Mr. Trump, sorry Mr. Trump. Billionaires can lie. That's what they do. They stand up and say one thing and they secretly do another. That's our politics as a whole, all in Europe, all these countries. Every single time you see a leader talk bad about Trump. If they're not currently getting wrecked, I guarantee you in private, they're licking his ass. Would you? Every single one of them. Guaranteed. Any one of them who's talking bad about Trump in public and in private is fucked and they know it. So they just want to be the tough guy on TV and the second the phone calls private like Kier. He's like, I like Kier. Kier's alright, he's liberal, but he's alright.  I like his vision. Of course you do. He signed the fucking contract. Of course you've been over. Of course you do. Fucking cure. What's Kierg going to do to Trump? Sit there and what? What's he gonna say? No? Fuck off. Can't say no. He can't even fucking put a board on it. He can't even say no to migrants. He can say no to fucking Trump. He can't even say no to a third world nobody without a passport. These are gonna say no to fucking President Trump. Fuck no. Trump has every single one of these clowns exactly where they belong. All of them. All of them. And Zelinsky made a fucking huge mistake listening to clowns, which are not only incapable of keeping him safe, but are gonna instantly reverse and renege on their obligations when feelings and sentiments change. All of them. So I don't know what the fuck he's gonna do. Besides, bullet in me when I go back to Romania. That's about it. Do you do you have any plans of ever interview on Trump? I think that'll be a very interesting conversation. I'd love to talk to Trump. I mean, I really do think I Know everyone's he's the great president, but you know, even when he said he thinks of  things I don't often think of and that's really unusual for me because I like to think I think of everything. But when he sat down with Ukraine, he's like, no, I want 500 billion. Not only do I want to end the war, I want my money back with interest. That wouldn't have crossed my mind. I'm going to be honest. If I was president, I would have tried to fix the war. I would have thought it's a war-torn country fixed the war. I wouldn't have been like, yeah, fixed the war plus payment. He's a man. He's a gangster. He is a G. Trump is exactly the leader of America needs and I am praying, truthfully praying that Vance is next. He can't go back. Gentlemen, everyone watching this show. There's a lot of people that feel euphoric because Trump is one and they feel like the woke mind virus is gone and our enemies are gone. No, our enemies are plotting in the shadows. Our enemies are still using the judicial system and the judges to slow Trump down. Our enemies are still using the media to attack anybody with massive influence, myself, Trump, Elon, etc. Our enemies are still subverting white people into believing that their own race should go extinct via migration. Our enemies still exist and they're preparing.  for a counterattack in three and a half years from now. And if we ever let them win again, if we ever let these people win again, it is over for Western society as we know it. It is over for democracy and it is open for humanity. It is our job for these next four years, not to sit around being happy in euphoric that Trump's president, but to once and for all, crush the woke mind virus, crush George Soros, destroy his NGOs and give rid of these people. And I want to make something clear. I, at this point, after learning the UK foreign office destroyed my life simply because I talk online, after learning that the liar, the liar who started all these accusations accused seven other men of the exact same crimes and she is being funded legally in her defamation suit by a George, George Soros funded NGO. When I understand that is George Soros and the liberal left and their media machine convincing people at home I'm a bad person when I'm not. I have personal vested interest in destroying the woke mind virus like anybody else. I am truthfully the best commando that the conservative  could possibly ask for you tell me what you want me to do sir I'm ready because I have been at the end of these people I've felt the true fire that these people can inflict on a human they've truly hurt me in a lot of ways so I am ready to go full get emotional because no I am because what they can do to somebody like me at least I had financial resource at least I had media outlets imagine I was a normal person with normal money imagine nobody listen to me the rap up smear what had me done in two days I would have been bankrupt and in jail in two days done nobody even gives me appreciation of respect even the people who don't like me for how I fall against this from from book arrest stuck in a house against the mainstream media machine with no money all my bank accounts frozen a judicial system which is questionable sit in there resisting this massive matrix attack perhaps the largest one you can name outside of Trump himself and I managed to beat it by myself I've seen how powerful our enemy is which is why I want them gone I'm ready to take construction sir  Heal on or Trump call me and say, this needs to end. We need to deal with these people. You need to go on this podcast and say this. I'm ready because these people are evil. They have no conscience. They do not believe in pity or humanity at all. And when they come for you, you're fucked. And any man who wants to watch this and hate me understand, they came for me first so they can come for you next. And you can't fight them like I can. Maybe you don't like me. Maybe you think I'm brash from too far. That's fine. But I can fight better than you. And I'm resisting your enemy. I can fight better than you can. And I'm fighting the guy who wants to get you. I am fully committed to destroying this vote garbage. And I am truly concerned for the next election in three and a half years from now. Because I don't think our enemies have just given up and gone away. I think they're preparing for a counterattack, the size of which we are not even expecting. And if they win, if they win, it is over for all of us. Andrew, what? I don't know if you want to wrap up, but one of your favorites, Destiny, the streamer. He was, he's getting sued for cyber sexual harassment. I know you know, he's one of the biggest...  opponents appointing at everybody, shitting on everybody, you know, him being a cock and all that stuff. What are your thoughts on him being all the shit talking that he's talked about? And then now he's dealing with the stuff where he's allegedly taking photos of girls, sending them to other people and it's all that stuff that's going on. Guys, this is a very simple argument. This is a very simple argumentative tactic. In fact, women do this often and liberals are women. It's quite often. If you go to a woman and say, you're being aggressive, you know what she says? No, I'm not, you're being aggressive. They accuse you of what they are always. Destiny did long streams and threads on how I'm a sexual predator. I bust my case. He's now arrested for being a sexual predator. Hugh Edwards announced on the news that I was a sexual predator, the BBC. Look him up. Hugh Edwards was busted for pitifulia being a sexual predator. They accuse you of what they are and they do it on purpose. It is a simple feminine argument, argument, argument tactic. There it is. Edwards, and guess what? They mentioned him on the news for a few hours, made it go away, didn't even go to jail. Me, I went to jail.  Jail, they mentioned me every day, three years they hammer home, I'm a bad person, but when you're one of them, and you actually get convicted, no jail, no media coverage. You got a few hours coverage by obligation, and then they just memory hold the story. But me, they don't say my name without saying, entertain, accused of human trafficking, a sandwich today. They will not stop, it's the wrap-up smear. So anybody with a brain at home, use your brain, use your mind, are the media your friends, are the media president Trump's friends, has the media lied to you? The media is attacking me harder than they attack anyone else. Use your brain. How do you believe what the media is saying still, unless you are literally a fucking moron? They're attacking me because I'm one of the good guys, because I'm innocent. If I was 1% guilty of anything, do you guys have any idea how in jail I'd be? In jail. Now, YouTube video is an evidence of anything. If I had evidence, and I-  actual victim, a medical record, anything. I would be in jail. We're not talking about a Western system. We're talking about an Eastern judicial system. I would be toast. And the fact I'm free, these people still seem to believe. But I don't think they actually believe it. I would argue that most of my enemies, no, I've done nothing wrong. They just don't like me because I'm tall, strong, brown, sexy with a protectful leaf. You think Destiny isn't big tall and strong? You know, my G, he understands. Well, Patrick's been there. Of course. He's like, you know, they hate on me. He's getting into chat. What time is it? What time is it? They're about orgones. Orgones. But thanks for the orgones. Pilot, pilot, let's go. So this guy Destiny, he was the one blue pill guy and all the red pill podcasts, you know, Fresh and Fit, Rollo, Michael Sartane, the whole lot, Sneakgo. He was the one guy arguing with all of them about how bad you are and how bad the red pill is. Look at him now. Absolutely. Talk about that community. What's going on with that? But here's what's so interesting. And I want to make this clear. It's so important how as a.  professional, you need to understand how hypocritical every human on earth is. Let me address the webcam thing because everyone starts to attack me with it. 12 years ago, before making money on the internet was even a thing. Before Facebook took off, I saw a new girl who was on my free camp, she's on a webcam studio website, and she didn't know how to make a HTML profile. I knew how to code profiles. So I helped them make profiles and promote their profiles for a percentage of their money. I was basically a fucking IT contract. Did I sleep with them? Yes. Why? Cause I'm me. The coolest IT guy. I know. Jail then. Fuck you. Of course I did. I'm a full grown man. Right? That's what I did. People are going to attack me with it while also jerking off the porn. How every night all these people who are attacking me for this 12 years ago, consume porn. How can you be mad at a person who made a HTML profile? Because he produced porn while consuming  porn. If you've never watched porn in your life, ever. If you've never lost it over a girl in your life, ever. If you've never been involved in any of those things, then you can throw a stone. But I would argue that that disqualifies 99.9% of you. So you're all just liars. You don't give a shit that I made a HTML profile 12 years ago. And you know you don't. You just want to attack me and call me a bad person because I'm tall, brown, rich, sexy, strong, protectfully. So that's, that's what it is. This false morality, we have to address this false morality amongst the conservative movement because it's insane. It's a sign will take Amber Rose up at the convention who produces porn for her only fans account. And then moan, I made a HTML profile 12 years ago. Ben Shapiro will take money from only fans today and complain that I made a HTML profile 12 years ago. This is all hypocritical. And none of these people actually give a shit. They just don't like me, which is why they want due process thrown out of the window is why they want us to trust a foreign judicial system completely. It's why they want me low.  up without charges, they have thrown all rationality and logic out of the window because they are blinded by hatred and my message to these people is this. You can hate me forever. I don't know who you are and I'm absorbing the orgones. I don't have to tweet anymore because I own the fucking platform. It's all Andrew Tate. All you're doing is making me more famous, making me more rich and I love the attention to be honest with you. I love being main character. And I lost my haters, part of me would be very sad. And even though they know this, they can't stop. I own their minds, I own their souls. They belong to me. They're unpaid employees. They sit there, analyze my, I've been through all of these videos for the last 15 years and I find a three second clip. Thanks. Thanks. Give it to me. Give me all of it. I don't give a fuck. Even if I go jail and still better than you'll ever be, I'm still more well known, I'm still achieved more. All of these haters and all of their feminine garbage does nothing but push my brand. Because even the way they complain about me is so ridiculous.  statically feminine. Andrette is dangerous. He's so bad. They made me sound like the fucking coolest guy on the earth. What did I do? Fly out of the country to my home nation. Nobody should have given a fuck. And instead I turn up like a fucking hero. It's incredible. And my haters just don't get it. So I guess this is a thank you in a way. I mean, for the Orgons, you know? That was all a thank you to the haters. Tall, brown, rich, sexy, protectfully. So based on that, let's give you the final thoughts before we wrap up. Because we've been going up for about three and a half hours, we're about three hours and 40 minutes. And I want to get you out of here because you got to go on the other side as well. What final message do you have to all the lovely haters out there? Your supporters, everybody out there that's watching you. I think that being consumed by hate for somebody is going to be a pretty miserable existence. Truthfully, I actually genuinely hope these people heal and stop giving a shit about me. I mean, if you're going to sit there and dedicate your life.  to somebody who doesn't know you exist. I think there's something a little bit wrong with you. There's something, it's not like it's 10 minutes. If you're dedicating years of your life to a man who doesn't know you exist, I would argue that you have some kind of mental condition. So I pray for them initially. Secondly, I think that we need to be sensible and logical enough to understand the subjectivity and all subjects. And also, for us to respect the due process, even of our enemies, even if you don't like me, it's very easy to say I don't agree with anything that takes says, but he deserves a trial and a fair one. And as long as I get a fair trial, the chance to be going to jail is zero. And to the conservatives who don't like me, I would say they need to think outside the box and realize, perhaps I'm Batman. You know, the police want Batman and jail. The police think Batman's a bad guy, but he's the bad guy who fights the bad guys. And sometimes if the bad guy's big enough, only a bad guy can beat him. Only Batman can beat Bane. Not the police officer, not the law-abiding citizens. Batman beats Bane. And Batman is a bad guy too. And that's okay. That's what it takes. By the way, Adam, were you gonna say something? No, I was just saying.  All right. All right. Well listen, this is part three. First one we did, he was a Christian second one, he was a Muslim. Third one, he's a Muslim. And then the third one, I'm Batman. Third one is Batman. Fourth one, who knows? Black man. He's always changing an involvement. Tate, it's great to have you on. Thank you, sir. Looking forward to seeing what happens with you. Future looks bright, by the way. Thank you, sir. Take care. Thank you, everybody.