 And we are live. What's up guys? We're gonna fresh air podcast. We're here with Andrew Tate and nine lovely ladies man I don't know man, but we'd better go about have a great show. Let's do it. Let's do it I Listen if you want to get out if you want to leave you you're more than welcome. I have to stop with the question You didn't you want me to leave? Yeah, that's serious. Go put your shoes on outside. You don't got to put them on in here  I'm something so I'll make myself believe it. It's my time. I'm not gonna stop. I'm not gonna give you a chance. I'm not gonna stop. I'm not gonna stop. I'm not gonna give you a chance. Hey, what's up, guys? Welcome to Fresh Your Podcast. After our edition, we're joined with a full panel to include Andrew Tateman, surprise special guest. Quick and easy to forget to show guys Patreon.com slash freshfit where you guys get all the exclusive behind the scenes content from us providing you value as far as like, you know, making money with real estate, cryptocurrency, using Instagram to, you know, womanize. You know, using, you know, just getting everything on point, getting in shape. Fitness. Fitness. Fitness. Fitness videos and finance. We'll help you with the main three things. Credit card guys can improve yourself. Credit card, improve your credit card score, etc. Also we put the behind the scenes craziness on there. If you guys want to see the bleak video with the crazy chick, go on check out our cut stuff. You know what I'm saying? Also, we're all safe guys. We're all safe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I can go home. We're good. We're all safe. Yeah, man. That's for sure. And she definitely wanted to take Agdol. She was bad as hell. All right.  guys we're also on Spotify, Google and out podcast podcasts every single platform you guys live to podcast listen to podcasts. We are there. Just make sure you wear headphones and or have a screen protector that has privacy because one guy actually message us the other dance today. He got fired because they saw merely watching our shit today. Yeah, I was today. Yep. No, I'm damn okay. Yeah. So guys protect yourselves man. The haters out there. Also guys, we got YouTube channel another one fresh if it clips. We guys get all the best parts of the show. Uh, you know, condense in seven to 10 minute formats, which for your entertainment, man, you might not have two to three hours to watch the full show. So check us out over there. Also, we have a Twitch channel, Twitch.tv slash fresh with podcasts. We're not live stream on Twitch this week guys. We're doing an experiment, but you know, feel free to check us out over there and then, uh, uh, fresh, you want some of our vlog channel. Guys, from behind the scenes, man, we go in public, outside the studio and in the studio as well, check out the vlog channel. How'd you go in the way? Let's go. And, uh, speaking of Twitch, I know I love my stream on chair gang in house, but yeah, nigga goes on Twitch, right? Leads it running around him chair and so lights in the back.  because they bro, what? Yo, Chergan and Chatt, let's get. This nigga bro. And ladies, if you want to come to my show, DM me your Ayronsy Pockin. Make sure that your page is has photos because some of you ladies DM me with no photos. I don't know why. But and if you're a flatness, much more of the state, make sure you guys join me ahead of time. And let's get it. Cool. So hit him up, guys, because he'll be able to feel all the ladies that want to come on the show. If you DM me or fresh, you might get lost in the craziness or in the FreshFit podcast one. Thanks. And then on Instagram, FreshFit podcast, and then mine is Uplug Fit, his is Freshman CEO. And TikTok is FreshInfit on TT. Can't wait for that to get taken down. And allegedly our YouTube's gonna be taken down too. So guys, get us to what's up. Get away, you can. We got seven days. So make sure you subscribe to the channel. And it's, and it's what the fuck? Yeah. That's, it's a joke. Okay. I'm trying to keep up with things move fast in the FreshInfit world. Yeah, that is true. That is true. You're right. All right, cool. Superchest and introduce ladies. Are we gonna introduce ladies first? Yeah, let's introduce ladies first. And our special guest. Somebody be in here.  for new people that don't know who you are, give us your name, your age, we do for living, I mean, your current dating status. We'll start right here. And your body count. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now I'm talking. Okay. All right, Mariana, I work for Chuyi's customer service. Chuyi! Yeah, wait, you're butter. We're waiting soon, but you know, still working at Chuyi. Wait, she left. Yeah, she left. Do you leave it to? I'm leaving to. Yeah. I've reached my saturation point. They're about to run out today though. I'm 2023 status single. All right, that was it. Cool. Okay, I'm back again. My name is Aetora. I am a medical assistant and I model on the side. Not no IG model because a lot of y'all went at, like I didn't like that, but whatever. Oh, yeah, you said that. Okay. That was there. When you guys said, yeah, I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry guys. We're academics. We see so many girls, man. Like we be having 10 girls in here every single day. I forget facing all fence. Now it's cool. I remember it's cool. I remember it's cool.  ridiculous was happened. Yes, it was too funny. But I am 25 every single. I do want to apologize to the person because I kind of worded everything wrong last time. So I want to publicly say that just personally. Just want to take account of blue leaf. Apologize to them. Like, okay. So yeah, like last time when we were talking like academics, he took it like as if fool was a bum. And when I like rewatched everything, he was how was wording everything. Accountability. I can make something so small. He's so big. Yeah. And I didn't want it to go left like that. Now you know how I felt. So I can publicly apologize for that. So wait, wait, so question. Did he came to you with that or did he, did you come up your own? It was like more so I was already watching it. And then he hit me up with it as well. So it was just like, okay, I get it, you know. Hey guys, hold one accountable.  I hold myself accountable and he didn't have to hold me accountable. Stop the cat. I'm not tapping. I'm for real. I tend to, especially within the year you're in half, I'm really analyzing myself as a person. I'm getting older. I can't really blame everybody for things that are always happening in my life. I have to take accountability for things that I do for two other people as well. That's good. I'm not going to say this is a girl talking. Yeah. I'm going to say a lot of people take accountability. What about you? That's a fact. My name is Tilia. I'm 23. I work as a compliance specialist. Yeah, and I'm single. And you also love chewy. I love chewy. You see on the show, right? It doesn't true because guess what? It's going to be a lot of single ladies. It's getting super busy at you. So there you go. I say invest. How long are you with them? About a year. Yeah. Did they expand crazy or not? You're crazy. What's chewy? They're just constantly higher. Sorry.  the largest online pet retail store. So it's like pets weren't online. Okay. So chewy at all. Yeah, everything. Yeah. Yeah. Who would have thought? Yeah, because we're saying Andrew's thinking, because we're projections, right? We tell our guys all the time, you know, we're looking at the dating trends we see. They're more single women than ever before. Yep. And single people tend to buy pets, especially women, you know, because they like that, you know, I guess what? The companion. So, um, especially. So yeah, so we've been saying, guys, invest in chewy and she was working for that for a year and you guys that you saw a tremendous increase in just in a year working for them. Yeah, it's crazy how quickly they've grown, because they've only been around since 2007. Yeah, the relative list. To the mic please. Yeah, it's being the penis ladies. Yeah, they've been around since like 2007. So they've grown like tremendously. They're higher and higher. More than eight years. Yeah. Okay. They need cut us a check, bro. They need cut us a check man. Yeah, they've been invested in stuff. For real, man. I'm surprised right now. Yeah. Thanks. So I'm Sierra, 30 something. Wait a minute. Hold up. Easy, nice one. Thank you.  30 what 30 Sutton 36 Dangerous I'll now she doesn't even look very sick. Thank you. Oh, God. Thank you the letter Um, Paralegal by trade shout out to you for having a criminal justice degree. Oh, thank you. Not doing anything with it But yeah, we should get us to finance our numbers girl and also I will say to investor Okay, show to you. Thank you so much Um, I'm not married I like that one that's a good answer. Instead of saying I'm single. I'm just not married You know, all right fair enough. That's a very smooth. That's a publicist answer right there Okay, Miss Marine. Yeah, yeah Yes, my name is Desiree 23. I just moved to Miami last year. Just got at the Marine Corps Um, what I do for work. I'm full-time student. So I'm getting paid from the Marines to go to school. Hey that GI Bill. I go to  the university on Miami for free and I'm majoring in interactive media and minoring in the motion pictures. My dating status right now I'm currently divorced to be honest with you. My parents don't even know that so they're probably gonna see this right now. Yeah I'm single AF. All right so digpicks. How long were you guys married before before we it was super short you already know military time. Yeah military yeah let me guess who's in the military too. Yeah he was. Okay fair enough fair enough that happens a lot. Yeah. Did you divorce him? Yeah it was like a yeah I mean it was like a mutial. Who initiated somebody initiated. I initiated. It's never mutual. Yes never mutual. How's a mutual? I don't want you anymore. I guess I guess I accept. That's not mutual. I mean you have to do something that sparks that though you know what I'm saying it doesn't just happen. Like what breathe? Breathe in all the time I'm fucking tired of you. I'm just a man you're your breathing.  Stop it now. All right, fantastic. Go back. Welcome. Thank you. Hi. I don't want to say what I do because everybody always bash me. So just say it. No. Say it again. I'm entrepreneur. I'm entrepreneur. Say it with your chest. I'm 24. Fuck my birthday just passed. I'm 24. Single and yeah. And for some of you guys that don't know. Yep. Literally broke the loser calculator. She was the first girl to get like a 0% on there. So you guys are wondering we have this little segment sometimes. We pull up a calculator and we asked the girls, hey, well, what's your dream, man? And she described the guy now 605 makes I think over 150K a year. 60K a year. Well, 60K. Yeah. So 60K. Damn, you're really doing. Black and all these other things. And yeah, man, he basically broke the meter. We couldn't find the guy. She used for the perfect five countbacks. Yo, we had a red warning. We had a red warning. It's like warning. It's impossible. I got the.  first in a bad warning. Yeah, bro. They're just like, you know, like zero point. And it's based off the US Census, so it's accurate data. But all right. Cool. Next being good. It's more coming back. Hi, my name is Amber. I'm a pre-med college student. And I'm. Hey, you don't got to yell at us. I'm just cute. I'm sorry. You know, I'm just getting like, speak up. Speak up. You're very soft spoken. Oh, OK. And I'm a pre-med college student. And I'm 19. I mean, 21. Wait. I'm going to get my age. Wait, wait, wait, wait. You're like 19 to 21? No, I'm 21. I'll get 21. Yeah. Awesome. OK. Can you be coordinating status? Single. Let's go. All right. OK. Phoebe, I'm going to say that I'm German. So my English is not perfect. I'm a dancer. I'm a stripper. And I remember you. You're true. You have your career curl this time. All right. I'm 22. And yeah, I'm single.  I'm not going to go back. Oh, six nine. And everyone's favorite Asian shout out to you. Thank you. Go ahead. I'm Christine. I'm in commercial real estate. I'm also a grad student at UM and I am recently single and 25. Oh, and Malau shot it girl. She's like back in here somehow. I didn't know what happened. We were doing this. She's locked in. I was like, oh, OK. What's up? No, shots are a good shoe. This one. I'm not going to go out to the club here in Miami. I was about to order a drink and I thought, why am I not drinking with my boy? Here we are. So go bowl of vodka. There we go. And you know what it was. I've been on a few freshen fits late. You know, I thought I've talked enough shit. So I need to not go. And I tried to go out to the club here in Miami. And I was about to order a drink and I thought, why am I not drinking with my boy? Here we are. So go bowl of vodka. And I'm there we go. And you know what, Ms. bro. Well, you don't go club with me, bro. What? You know, I'm going to do a cool fresh. I don't want to be in that corner.  like side man. So I have to go by myself and then we're just coming up to be saying, where's fresh, where's fresh? I was like, I'm gonna get back on fresh. Good start from tape. I'm from tape right now. All right, so I'll read these chats real quick and then we'll get into our first question. We've got a video react to and we may open up the phone lines with y'all. Let's see. Possibly. We may we may do it. You know what I'm saying? Okay, so five bucks by Wolf Ink. We are the road to a millie. Let's go. Brandon Bay Bay. It's over 9000 and then it's time to. I got you. Yeah, you guys really love those anime sound effects. I got you guys go on 10 bucks. Mr. Williams, they say when a real woman answers a room, you notice her style, poise and glare can steal your heart. So I think to myself and look at the two ladies we have tonight and say damn, man, damn, then what the hell are they? Okay. 50 bucks. Kenny Lister. Thank you so much. Thank you, brother. Lister 25 bucks. If for any reason you guys were looking to explore new streaming opportunities, I strongly consider fight TV 8 8 mil apps all TV boxes. Mike Tyson.  Paul fights free TV and PPV's yes, yes, I'll DM okay. It's true me a DM at unplug failed. We'll talk it. Mr. Peanut You guys are hilarious with the names, bro. Gentlemen, I have top hats and modicles for each of you to add to your cap collection Where do I send them? Oh, you got the peel box? Yeah peel box Uh honestly speaking bro. He's gonna pull it up and give it to y'all if you want the peel box is gonna be Literally you ready for it? Literally peel box one one eight three five Minus Florida three one zero one actually. I'll send it to Chris. All right. There we go put on the screen Yeah, 10 bucks from Gusland. I'm finna get some sleep soon So I'm gonna catch y'all on the replay But y'all stay up and stay jane dangerous and for the haters out there Just know that ain't no one worried about no seven days. Yeah, I believe this is capo You know uh Ian as y'all is up next from in a soda when will y'all have an episode where you listen to upcoming artists I got bred if you give us a chance to listen potentially man We got a really book schedule for this uh for this month. We got some interviews that we're gonna do with some other  and creators and some traveling. So we will see. Question for all the beautiful ladies. Do you prefer light skin or dark skin men asking for a friend? Okay, you know what, we'll go around the table real fast. Just say darker light and we'll start here. Darker light to the mic. Now you can actually see one other. No. There's no wrong preferences. Darker light. Oh, look at that. No, no, no, no, no. If you had to pick one, don't count one of the other. Yeah. You see one of the other. What's your preference? But you want to spot now? I'm gonna say dark. She said dark. Okay. Maybe see the thing is out there. Okay. Maybe see on the way. I got a chance. All right. What about you, Mr. Emory? Dark. No shit. Okay. Dark. Not surprised. Dark meat. Yeah. Dark. Damn. Hey. God's children. Because look, whoever, you know, is for me.  Yeah. You're a fan of that! You're kind of crazy. She's over there, probably. Of course, that was so cool! In other words, she wants to be black and named Tyrone. Fair enough, Mark. What about... What about you? I like chocolate. Goddamn. Yeah. What about you? I really like bowls, but light before dark. Okay. Alright. Someone likes to have vanilla. I know what about you. I've dated bowls, but typically it's dark. Ah, damn. We have a bowl. First, I want to have... Three letters on the show. Three letters. Okay. B, B, C. Yeah. B, B, C. B, B, C. Yeah. A bunch of night writers on the show, man. Goddamn. Sorry, Andrew. Fresh. We're gonna clean up fresh. Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. Clean up white line. I'm a man of God. No, you're not. That's my line. Don't give me that line. That's my line. No one baptized. Fresh and fake. Could you guys come out with a shirt saying, facts, don't care about your feelings? Oh. Eventually. Vladimir, ovaries are real. We need a shirt. We need a shirt. Potentially. Just think about that. We haven't got any correspond-  us from YouTube to our email account. So it's cat bro like we haven't got anything our lawyers to care about a while ago bro. Charles or Nielis. Yo love you guys you guys keep me on check with my life and the ladies cool 10 bucks life of Jake's move. This Jake's move from Mississippi. Hey thank you bro just having to say hi to the ladies before I hit the late night shift. Also just signed up for patron. Awesome. We'll see you on Sunday. Call in earlier. Shout out to you bro. Guys for for those that are wondering we have a big zoom call this Sunday 8 p.m. All patrons are going to be invited. We're going to have a big ask you an a two hours we're going to answer everything related to girls dating Instagram cryptocurrency real estate investing is you guys know me and fresher both real estate investors right. We're going to talk about fitness right getting in shape you're tired being a fat ass where I'm going to tell you guys about how to count your calories macro nutrients how to bodybuild get a look aesthetic you know what I'm saying for you go from pathetic to aesthetic I will help you with that I just coined that just now anyway. Uh deal sale. Oh man. House man. Yo. Hey. Yo. Say the fucking house baby. Yo. You go somebody owes me a drink. Uh misspeak into the mic. Yo chat.  inside 300 meters, Almereens can light yo ass up. So look out for Ms. Devil Dog. Okay. Shout to, uh, Dio St. Man in the house by the way. Supporting man. Yeah. Find it for real behind the scene real G, uh, a day with Lance five bucks. Greetings Mr. Tate, my fresh and cone head Chris. Do you do in your parts of society? You guys have helped me through a lot. Much love from Louisiana. Thank you. Tell us Kevin Foo. A fruit of wait. Foo Andrew. Just bought Hustle's University, but the big question is what brand are the shades you always wear? Been looking for the longest. Thanks. You're never going to find them. Oh, I might have been wearing them today, but you're never going to find them. You're never going to find that brand. They make 250 pairs per year. And you have to find them by accident. I found mine at Blue Marlin Beach Club. And I beat the, I was sitting there spending $25,000 on fucking lunch. And I found some nice sunglasses. So everyone always says to me, Hey, I want your sunglasses like bro, you gotta go to the fucking, go get ripped off for lunch like I did if you want my sunglasses. And we'll talk about Hustle's University here a little bit later. Guys, we're going to, we're going to actually put the link in the description for y'all. It's excellent course. We'll break it down a little bit.  I'll remember if you guys later on in the show. Resist the slave mentality, five bucks all the way from Greybrane. Shout out to Tate and Myron and Prince. I hate that girl. Myron. And driving BK from London on a night out, 25 mile per hour speed limit, fail society. God damn. And then DL Saint once again and then ambulance for the soul. Shout to the goat, Mr. Tate, every girl that says she's an entrepreneur, you should make them spell it. That's what he's for. Yes she is. Wait, oh man. Look at that face. All right, let me look. No, you know, really? No, only half the letters. Right? I'll just pull me around. Ready? Spelg, the first half. First half. You got it. We believe in you. Yeah. First board. You. Wait, is it you? Is it? No. It's right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. That's it. You're like, you're a business owner, babe. You're a business owner. It's like you're a business owner, babe. You're a business owner. Yeah.  I gave you a chance and you said EU EU is it not What's in T Out Sounded out Yeah Bro That shit Yeah Tide time ship 20 bucks Little you all might have sport man. Yeah, it's not so don't say narrow from the man's school 202 podcast as a guest for you guys He was Patrice O'Neil's best friend and did the black philips show with him back in the day trying to manifest to check him out First did you hit are we gonna hit them up? I thought I'd send him a DM But bro you verified now bro you got that blue checks under again. Yeah, and your congrats on a new Bugatti You have no idea how much your content has helped me and other and the people around me and changing their view on life What's the backstory on tales of Wurant? You need to follow the white path my friend. I can't tell you the backstory you've got to follow the white path up the out map the mountain  you'll find out. For those who seek you shall find. There you go. Best three, bro. Bandsome, three one three, 15 bucks. You have a low budget Derek Jackson lawyer trying to bring you down the females laugh and agree the beta's agree as well. The sims come out at night. It is what it is, bro. Hey, they hate we create. Yeah, well, they hate we create, bro. Just booked the hotel for the 500K party. Fellas tell slow jams. I'm sure my shot. Alistalia wants to show either way. I'm easy. Also shout out to fresh for hook him. Yep. With mod privileges on this vlog channel today. We got you, bro. Yo, yo, yo, yo, you solo brother. I appreciate that man. So shout out to you, bro. Hey, oh party pull up to the VIP section. I got you. This nigga, Ben. Yeah. German girl looks like Drake's baby mama. You're y'all related. You say back to that. I can't. I'm a shit hearted and Drake baby. I really see it. I don't know. It is trying to be funny. To sexy. Oh, yeah. Rough day one 80% of women CC 20% of men and then complain about all men. Thank you, rough day. 50 bucks. The official bully YouTube and how many more do you  Yeah, a few more. Okay, guys, from this point forward, we're going to go. Yeah, 20 up because we got special guests. We got a big panel. Ladies want to make sure we get, you know, get going here. But thank you so much for the support. Much love. F&F keeps striving for greatness. My power's passed a couple of weeks ago. And y'all really helping me overcome myself. Much love. Yeah, bro, thank you, bro. And my condolences to you and the family, bro. It's not easy, bro. If you need somebody to talk to me, shoot me a DM right now on Unplug Fit and say the bully, the official bully, YT, I got you. Like, DM me right now so I can save you. Okay, it's Unplug Fit. It's also dude, five bucks. So the Asian baby girl, do you date Latinos? Yeah. There you go. She's an equal opportunity employer, guys. I'm probably going, five bucks. What up, F&F? I wasn't able to call, but I did send Chris and I to some encouragement in regards to the, hey, yeah, bro. At this point, you know, you can't even defend yourself nowadays. It's crazy, bro. We got pill Cosby in the house. Fresh, you know, we win. Ladies, are you into older men's status? Well, often can hold their liquor. Oh, man. I know where that's going. Johnny acid.  20 bucks. These are my first super chat to say this. Girl next to my iron is fine. AF. Can we get us get a spinner Rooney? Oh, that's big. Yeah, girl. Show it to you. Show it to you. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. Drop your Instagram so they could look at it. I'm Christine Tram. Okay. And to be honest, if she stood up guys, you would not see anything because she is short. She would be covered by the table. Glad to be a member. Love the refreshing content. Love Frank Castle moments. I wish I could be your security to toss a thought, but respect to the real ladies on the platform iron rocks. Thank you so much. Incredible. 916 10 bucks. Yo, take I'm a positive inspirational motivating person. Yeah, that's hilarious. AK at PIP and then right and that's from our arrogant and last one, Hood Ninja fresh fresh. I just paid for the hotel. Hey, bro, we see you. You know, he's gone. I told you to wait. I'm going to cover from. Oh, when you come, this roast is Christian. Okay. That's all you. Alright. And also give the likes of man. Thank you. Well right now. Yeah, yeah, guys, we yeah, the people are hitting bro. So do us a quick favor, guys.  like the video, subscribe to the channel because while they hate we create, we ain't gonna sit here and talk shit about other people, man, we just gonna let the lawyers do the things that they gotta do. And we're just gonna keep giving you guys this entertainment. So all right, cool. So first question. Wait, before the question, though, we got 1.5 K likes on YouTube. Come on, guys. And there's 5,000 plus y'all in here. We're climbing steadily. So guys, please like the video. Alright, help us with the engagement because the haters are definitely here. They are. How do you two young gentlemen always get yourselves in trouble? I don't know, bro. Every time anyone says the name fresh and fit, there's some kind of beef, some kind of hate. And I come on this podcast a lot and they're like, Hey, did you hear that fresh and fit? He drive by this motherfucker. I'm like, what's going on with you? Both. There's always someone's beef with you. Why? I don't tell you to hand some fresh. You're too rich, flexing the lambo in the club. Brom and I guy, bruh. I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, something's happening. I don't know what it is. You're both, you're both too, too successful, too smooth. Yeah, man. I mean, man, you know better than us, man. People be hating on you more than us. Yeah. I would love to be. Now they do.  So yeah, man, I mean, you know, people, people gonna say what they want to say, you know, we're just gonna keep making a content and it is what it is, you know, you can't even defend yourself anymore without criticism, you know, when people criticize you and then you fight back to protect your name and they're gonna say that you're a fraud for protecting yourself. I want your next intro music, next time you bust out some old music, you got to put the criticize song on. Who, who, who sings that? Alexander O'Neal or something, criticize, you know that song? How's it go? I sing it for you. Don't try that one, Frank. I'm trying that one, Frank. I'm trying that one, Frank. I was so, I was so, I was so, yeah, he doesn't know any American pop culture. Like, do you ask him, hey, have you seen this movie like Wolf Wall Street? No, Brian never saw it. He just came to United States a couple years ago. Yeah, man. Sky, man. No, American pop culture, man. The Wolf of Barbados. There you go. There you go. All right, cool. First question for ladies. We'll start here. Oh, shit. Yeah. She went first. Okay, yeah, yeah, we're gonna do it anyway. So, we're, we're a man, we're right. And obviously there's parties everywhere, there's celebrities. You know, you might end up at this club.  you're rick about a celebrity's house. You don't know what's going on. It's a question for you. Have you ever had an experience where you were a dinner regular guy? Is it going to find you around me and up at a party, you meet a celebrity and you see a whole new world and you're like, wow, this is crazy. But you understand how their life is and you're battling between the regular dude and the celebrity. And we'll start right here. So you're asking which one I would choose? Basically, yes. Okay. And if you understand how his life is like the rock star life versus the regular guy's life, what do you prefer? What? Yes or why? But you started off with the regular dude. Yeah. I feel like home is home. You know, like you need to know where home is and nothing's like that. So you would stay with the kind of like boring lifestyle, regular guy that you want to be with versus the fun.  crazy lifestyle. Yeah. Okay, what about you? I got what a great guy. Really? Yeah. Because I don't I seem crazy but I don't like going out like I don't seem. Yeah. But I don't really like going out. I don't like the party life is like too much for me. So I would be with my regular guy. Maybe, you know, he's he's my guy for. Do you meet regular guys in the short clip? Yeah. No. That's why I'm single. I like, yeah, I meet my regular guys but I don't want no regular guys. I want no other guys. I just want to be by myself. Okay. Okay. What about you? It kind of depends on the personality too. But I don't really like the attention that celebrities get. So wouldn't pick the celebrity.  yet a really good personality. So yeah. Most likely the regular guy. Okay. What about you? I don't know. It just depends. I feel like when I get older, I'm probably going to want a regular guy. But right now I don't want a regular guy. All right. Because I want a party. Yeah. What about you? Regular guy. Absolutely not. Because I'm not a regular girl. But in terms of who, like what kind of guy I would like to be with, obviously have that bougie side because you know, I'm kind of bougie, but still be humble. You know what I mean? Like basically you have to be on my level or higher type of thing. Okay. That's my vibe right now. Question for you. Yeah. Have you ever been out of celebrity party? I have. Okay. How was the vibe? How was the energy? The vibe was a macabre. It was fantastic. A macabre. But I just signed NDA and I'm not going to say nothing. Ah. Filming those of the vibes right now. Yeah. We know.  because I saw you there. No, you didn't. Where? Don't there. Don't test. I'll tell you right now. I'm gonna say that. I know what some sounds. What about you? Well, it's the balance for me. I mean, I quit Hollywood a long time ago. So I know what it's like on both sides. So I mean, I can be what that celebrity do. We just have to have that human moment. Can you can you break down what the Hollywood side is versus the regular side? Because I feel like most people they kind of dance around it, but they don't only know what it is. Can you break it out? It's it's a lot of groupies. It's a lot of I would say, you know, people that want to get to know you in your circle. A lot of cloud chasers. You know, there's a lot of people that you may not know that want to just be around you because of who you are and what you do. And I guess this, you know, this image you perpetuate. So I mean, if that person is, you know, select the core and has that human moment, I can vibe with him if he's a celebrity. Okay. Long as when those, you know, camera scores off and, you know, you put your phone.  down we can chill and we can vibe and we can like connect. So I'll do it one. See fresh. Just done. You're fine. It's done. Put your phone down, G. Right. Yeah. Put the phone down sometime. I'm nobody, bro. Yeah. You know what? I see where you find out. You know what, though? You kind of need to reword the question because what what girls will do is you'll ask them a question like this and they instinctively understand that the chance of a relationship with celebrity is zero. So they're saying, Oh, I'd stay with my guy at home. But none of these girls are fucking celebrities for a relationship. They're fucking a celebrity to fuck a celebrity. So the real question is, would you still fuck him and then go back to your man? Because when they're saying, Oh, yeah, I'd choose my man. Or you choose your man to pay your bills and set a home and cuddle with. Of course you would because celebrity ain't interested in that, right? But you might still try to boom, boom. Yeah, he's trying to. But you might still sleep with the dude. You might still sleep with the dude. Now that I laugh at them. You're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, Stephon, Gedanken, Mitch Spencer. He's like, años and pasa, all these guys are handcuffed. Where are they? It's about, fine. Jennifer loves triangulate's elliptical's scene right now. Yeah, I tend to draw the bike. I tend to draw normally on a bicycle because it's not made me roll or it's Councillove statement. I told you to do it in bever Herrsch und kommt.  my remodeling. We would have no intention of trying to get celebrity be loyal. They just want to sleep with the dude. So now they're sitting there. Oh, yeah, I choose my man at home. Choose him for what? That's the thing. Very good point. Choose him for second place. Choose him. Choose him for some sloppy push. This full of some fucking other dudes. There's a lot of choosing him for. Trigger. Can we say that on YouTube? Okay, I'll just check it. Thank you. All right. Who's up next? It's me. Okay. I mean, he's really right. You'll go fire. When girls are dating though, they're looking for a relationship. Sorry. Sorry. When girls are dating, they're looking for a relationship. So yes. So yes, you want to stay with the regular guy because he's more likely to have a relationship with you. And yeah, I'm glad you agree. Thank you, young lady. I've got an ally on the panel.  I'm getting there one by one. I'm gonna make friends already. I could tell you're a very intelligent balance young ladies So you're my allies well I'll get all these others to like me and then once I've conquered the panel will conquer the world Honestly, I'm so used to regular. I'm always been like regular guys and stuff But I wouldn't mind you know the fun side the Hollywood side Because that's something that I'm trying like pursue myself anyways So if I can you you really sometimes can't have both unless that person is matured enough to be able to balance it But I mean regular you mean if he allows it. Yeah, if he allows it But I mean so regular guys are okay regular guys are okay Hollywood is like really fun. I want to jump into the Hollywood Go lie. I want to jump into that. I would I mean it's really dangerous territory boy Marry don't say  right in the house. Oh, take your soul. Yeah. Okay. I choose the regular guy. Because there's no promise. I mean, I'll be for the period. So you want to find the party's matching parties. Yeah, but then how should the picks at like with groupies cloud chasing? That's a lot of energy. Gotta be willing to dish out to live that lifestyle. Yeah, so people are not cut out for that. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Go back around now. Because you look at my question before I got here. So I've ever been on a party. Right. And either you or you seeing girls. Who the most of those parties. My people will start here. Someone to let celebrity party. Yeah. No. The most. Yeah. No, I haven't been to that. The spirits tell me you're lying. Listen to the ancient spirit. Ancient spirit. Ancient spirit. New in the hood.  catching the lies in this dream catcher. So, celebrity party, no known people, yes. And like a lot of people just crouches. Like not known like very much like, oh, around the world, but like known probably in the neighborhood or something. And people just wanna hang out with that particular person because everybody knows them. Everything they do is cool and stuff. And it's just like, yeah, don't much. Like that's just how I feel. It's like people are people. Okay. How about you? I don't even know if it's a celebrity party because I was with a guy who was a friend of a friend or a friend, but it was like a mansion party. But girls weren't, I didn't see any girls doing the most. To my place. Sorry, I didn't see any girls doing the most. The school vibes. Yeah, the school vibes. Yeah, I mean, I was with my man. So I was just paying attention to him. So, yeah. Where's your man now? He, he's. The spirits got him. He wasn't ready for. He wasn't ready for relationships. So, yeah. No, no man's ever ready for relationships. I suppose it's four kids. Yeah. Yeah.  What about you? Definitely have. I have. I have. And one must know, oh yes, I have. And you have to know how to conduct yourself though, you know, you can't, you can't get lost in the sauce in the one in that crowd. Okay. What about you? Do the most in terms of what? You're not of me. Because I certainly am the one to do the most. You know what I'm saying? What do you do? I'm just extra sound from the Bronx. The X. That's just the life. Good. That's in terms of celebrity parties. If I've seen girls do the most, it ought to be you. Just let what you see. I haven't really noticed anyone else besides me. Wait, you put a Bronx. Yes. How many years? Mad years. I was born in Jacobi Hospital. Okay. I'm talking by the way. Not me. Oh. You got the hand. Just saying the girls from the Bronx, they'll build different. So, you know, this one. Right. All right.  New York She's wearing tins right now so you speak by the way guys Tins as we speak We have to we told her hey take the Yankee hat off but she No, I know I know where not bro. She's Inside yeah, be okay I have you know they titties out and they doing shots and stuff and like no they want to get next to the Celebrity Yeah, and Yeah, I don't know if they're trying to do it again wife though because you can't get wife stuff. I do with that They don't get wifeed up or they're trying to get viral cuz they there they're trying to get virus I got the over that you spit on me though the day from I'm dying Oh  She spit out my arm. It's okay. I think I'm alright. I think I want to mask go to get the cure I've never been to a celebrity party, but I don't judge if they want to do the most go ahead like You doing I want to do the most too if I was at a celebrity party, but I don't judge Okay, so you've never been No Yes, you have time I never went to a celebrity party you got an invite though. Huh you got an invite though No, but in the club like Like dancing I was in their section or in their party room Oh, okay, of course I do the most because I want that money Hello  I'm like behind my head. Oh, it's an A. Okay. I want the money, you know, it's the job. That's a job. I want the girl. It's a job. I don't know. How you live? I've been to wine. I feel like there's a collective like respect. Like, you know, that everyone kind of has. And the one I went to, they took everyone's phone. So it's kind of like, you're not gonna show anybody anything anyways though. Was your endier? No. Mm. There's no. Oh, I don't think it's one. I think it's like, do you do a kid's in years? You? Yeah. I'm gonna do a kid. I'm just fucking. Okay. Andrew. I just said you were celebrity, bro. I'm not celebrity, bro. I know you're not. But in the ideas, the crowd in Europe is how do you see parties when you hold parties when you go to parties? Like, what do you see girls do for the most part? I think that girls are very, very selective in how they view a man and his status and what they expect from said man.  So when you're asking girls this question, it's kind of a loaded question because they know the dudes they can get a relationship out of. They know the dudes they can convince to marry them like a dumbass and they know the dudes where they can just sleep with them for cloud. And women are smart enough to look at a guy and say, which, what am I trying to achieve from said guy? You are a very inexperienced, stupid female. If you look at a rock star or a famous guy and say, he's gonna be my boyfriend. We're gonna watch Netflix. No. They know that stalker to happen. But they still, they know. So they have different objectives and different goals based on the quality of the man. So when you talked about the relationship thing, of course, they all chose to punk at home. But the truth is, as goal driven individuals, right? They all have different goals, different objectives, depending on the man they see. And they'll probably try and achieve all of them as in stay with the dork at home and fuck Chris Brown because he's Jose. Loyal. That's the guy. Fire. All right. So we got, I really.  Super guys then we got a video to react to guys. All right, we got a hooded Ninja fresh or no, oh, apples during the week pine apples on the weekend, all these ladies are haram. Oh, yeah, that's, that's, that's very true. I got the sound effect. A Cameron slit slit slit slur. I know, Brian. What's your dad? Fresh lab, but to the sugar baby, whose bills you were paying? Niggas, you're trying to reach your nigga, bro. Niggas, you go on. I don't know when he's bills. What are you talking about, bro? She left them for a richer guy, bro. Easy money hicks $20. Forever supporter haters going to hate you guys going to create y'all bring so much valuable concepts of the YouTube space. My favorite is the finance content going to the 500k party Friday, bringing some baddies to absolutely. Bro, thank you so much for the support easy money hicks. We definitely have a money Monday episode, which we give you guys a lot of heat on there. And if you guys check out last Monday's episode, we talked about Hustle's University on there with Andrew Tate who was lit. You want to talk about that? Tell them a little bit about it. Sorry guys. So all parties are excited about away. Yet a similar team, but the separate team guys are good. Yeah, sorry. We can.  I can quickly interject and explain what House of University is. House of University is a modern wealth creation method. So we have 18 professors teaching, 18 different ways to create wealth in the modern world. Some of the things your parents told you about getting rich and creating wealth is no longer true. Some of it is still true, but some of it certainly isn't. Some of the things that some of the things they said about sit there, save money, put in your pension 401k blah, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't work anymore. It's a lie. It's a trick because the generation above us decided to rinse the system and and they got very, very filthy rich and left a whole bunch of people with no hopes. You need modern wealth creation method. You need a new system, new ways, new paradigms in regard to generating wealth. So myself and a few of my other professors from the war room, all multi millionaires, we explain to you exactly how anybody in the modern world can actually genuinely generate wealth, starting from absolutely nothing. All you need is time and a phone. That's what I'll say. Bang bang. Yeah, man, guys, times have changed. Making money online is a new way to do it. And quite frankly, I agree with the likes that they'll get trา  the US currency and circulation last year, okay? If you have currencies, not what you wanna do. Holding money in the bank and saving money, those days are fucking done. You don't dump your money into assets that are going to generate some kind of dividend to you whether it's stocks, real estate, cryptocurrency, something, you are going to get fucked up, man. Hyperinflation is here, guys. So yeah, man, get in there, learn how to make money. It's only what, 50 bucks? It's 50 bucks. Oh, God. It's actually massively, massively undervalued. It's massively, massively undervalued on purpose because we're looking to build an army of people in there and we're hiring people from there for other jobs, other, some of the other projects we're running, we're looking for a specific talent. So it's the best $50 you could also be spent. If you're sitting here, you wanna make money and you don't listen to a millionaire for $50, you're literally an idiot. You'll go to school, people will go to school, spend a hundred grand to listen to a professor about business and that professor has no business and no fucking money. So when a millionaire says, I'm gonna teach you how to make money for $50 and you don't bother to click, yes, okay. You deserve the slavery, which will be bestowed upon you. You deserve it.  to be poor. You deserve it. That's a fact, bro. Look, that's coffee for five days. It's been 50 bucks. Yeah, you don't want to make money. So that pays for coffee every day. Yeah. And if you guys don't like it, they have like a 95% plus retention rate, man. So get in there, guys. Link is below. Okay. Started at you two couple of days ago. And all I could say is thank you, resist the slave mind facts, bro. Okay. Tuan B, message lead to primate fun at Chris's hairline. We got quasi apaya, kubi. Andrew got to wear your glasses less bro. There's a color looking your eye that literally I'm trying to imitate in the mirror, but can't what about us? Bro, I've been around. I've had a hard life. I've seen trauma. You know, if you've ever heard the, you've ever heard the saying soldiers eyes. So there's a saying that they, they use in Europe and it's a soldier's eyes and they say they were talking about the men who went to World War II and they came back and there was something different about their eyes. Like all the bad things they seen was etched onto their eyes. And it's a real thing. If I ever have beef with someone, I can look them in the eyes and know if he's about it or not. I can look them in the eyes and go, do I have to kill this motherfucker as he talking shit? There's a real thing you're not going to be able to imitate.  You have to go out there and you have to suffer as a man. You've got to go through trauma to be a G as a man. Too many dudes out here trying to imitate. That's what all this fucking shit is. You're talking about game. You're trying to be something you're not. The real game is to be the man. That's the fucking game. So you're not going to ever have a killer's looking your eyes until you've done it for real, my friend. I've been in 87 professional fights and far too many outside of the ring and cage. So you've got a lot of work to do before you can look like me. So for the Tate in the US, we call it the 1000 yards there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, a thousand year old star. That's right. Yeah, man, yeah, no, you know, adversity builds men guys. All right, who did your first first shot? I canceled it set for the 18th to the 19th. Okay, keeping the good. Okay, Jay Ross success has enemies protect the brand. My guys F&F life haters need jobs. Keep them employed. Yeah, bro, it's great. It's still crazy to me. Oh, we got the Federal Bureau of investigation in the house. Yeah, I could address our colleagues, Walter Meyer and I'll find your cake. Continue expanding the network and attracting America's finest criminals. Mr. Taylor's channel for the 100 K party. Well, 52 copies waiting for this thing, bro. You got to say a thing back to this guy, the FBI.  It's fine. I've spoken too much to the FBI my life. Yeah, it's a you ever chill with the singer in a out there in Romania. She's bad AF. She is bad But she was bad a long time ago. She's an old lady man. She's got kids and she's small now She's like five foot two and she's got two kids and stuff. Don't don't let the photo. What was her hit song? I think I've heard one of her she has a bunch of dance songs. She's been making dance on Mr. Saxony. No, that's that's Alexander Stan Tristan Factor Tristan listen Yeah, team master up. He's master girl is a Mr. Saxony bro. Do you know how me and Tristan Go so famous in Romania to there's a girl called you can look this up Bianca drag a shanu. Yes. Oh newscast She was a newscaster for the number one TV channel in Romania and she's married with a kid and she got caught having an affair with my brother. Yeah, they got they got caught together and since then Tristan became like the playboy of Romania running around being a fucking little fucker So that's the beginning of a tease tease tearing through all these celebrities. I'm just at home reading the bible  I don't know what you all think about me. I'm the good guy. I don't do none of these things. Right. None of this. This is Tristan's business. I could never hear that song the same now. Tristan, you ruined it for me, Damnit. I'll get you out of the clouds. I'll get Tina sending you some pictures of them chilling in the mountain. Oh, man. Oh, this will be to, uh, Pets is in many states have trillion dollar deficits. Yeah, facts. Uh, Matt G that pre-med college girl ain't no angel like she trying to make a seam. I know her from college and she sucked at my homeboy in the back of his car. Wait, what? Who is that? That's me. What the fuck? Drop his name. What? What's this? Get off his name. What car was it? Yeah, yo, what car? What car was it? Bruh. You tell me, let's hear the car and the name of the guy. And I'll tell you. Bruh. She's got no shame. Don't do her. That's fine. Don't slip shame. All right. Damn, Dante La Bella. Hey, I'm about to order your chest guide. Good decision, man. Good decision. You played chess professionally. So I played chess professionally. I'm not that good anymore, my father.  I was a grandmaster. I played chess professionally. I still like to play chess, but I get upset. I get angry because I play online. I know there's some little autistic Indian kid. And it just, and he masters me up. It hurts me differently. I'm gonna come Mumbai. I'll find you. I'm dual. I'll catch you on the streets when you're eating your nom bread. You think everything's fine? I'll drip you up by your neck. While you're for it, my queen, you don't pump. Next to you, no. All right. Quick. So, uh, Chats saying you're not denying it, though. The car. Oh, I'm not denying it. I've thought the guy's digging in back of his car, but tell me who. I'm not going to get out of here. So what's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Exactly. Yeah, I'm not going to lie. Get your facts right. Which one? I know. Stupid. L.A. You know what? It's like a fucking honesty.  Yeah, I'm a good. Yeah, yeah. That being said, we don't have to react to a funny video. We're not funny video, but a video that's kind of crazy because it was going in society today. Chris, you got a video pulled up? Yeah, sorry. I want to go. All right. It's going to only fans and dating. So pull up here real quick. And guys, while we pull this video, there's 6,697 of you guys on YouTube right now. Please do us a solid and like the video right now. Something to the channel, man. OK, because if you rock with fresh and fit, we need to support more than ever before. We need to spare a bomb. The haters are here. They're probably watching this video right now. This like in the fuck out of it. So I need you guys to like the video and Chris the ratio. And we will open up the phone lines. Yeah, I said it. We go open up the phone lines and give you all a chance to interact with the panel. So OK, so show them his life. He's another content creator like DJ Academics. He's a breakdown here. He says, man has a mental breakdown. Learning his girlfriend wants to do only fans. So here's a. Yeah, I'll go here. Yep. I mean, but make sure I can mute it. So tick tick. ي not he want rude All it means is you know, it's like no to have this conversation. Gay. Here's my girl. Which are girls doing that? It's fucking gay. No, so oh my god. All right. So let's let's let's get the ladies opinions first and then the guys will go last. We'll start. So yeah, is it a big deal to have only fans? Never man. To the mic. Uh, it's going to depend on the man. Um, I think most men would have an issue with it. Uh, depending, I think it really depends on your perspective. And if you're okay with your girl doing that, I mean, I think like you guys say it's you guys.  men have possessiveness over the girl. I'm sure they don't want their girls showing their bodies and stuff. It's just going to depend on the dude. I would think most guys, even if they see they're cool with it, they have underlying little bit of an issue with it. So. I agree. I agree. Like it has to be like a conversation kind of like how you like, you didn't even think they have a conversation. Like it's something to talk about. You're in a relationship with somebody. So it's like if he agrees with it, he's cool with it. There is even some guys that have their girls doing the own fans and then they join in, even if they're not showing their face or whatever. So it's like as long as you have the conversation, then cool. Like, all right. Not me though. Yeah, I mean, I just would never personally have only fans. So even if I had a man, I wouldn't even get one. So I just don't think it's okay to have one. If you have a man, unless he's participating in it. Okay. Agreed. Yeah, 1000%. If he's one content with me, yes. But I wouldn't do that anyway. Especially if you're just a regular person and not a celebrity, you're posting ex.  really content. So it's like modernity porn right? Literally. Yeah. That's just me. I don't judge though. Like I agree that it has to be a topic discussed. But then again it's like for girl wants to have only fans. She wants that only fans. Is she gonna have a boyfriend? Probably not. But she's getting her bag. Everyone goes subscribe to my only fans. Link and bio. My Instagram is at desir. EWVLKER. Simplify. Hey man. You say what now? You could do what you got to do. There you go. It's a prank. Oh me. I'm next. Okay. I feel like only fans get a bad rap because like I'm sorry. Fuck me. Only fans get a bad rap. Even if you're not posting nudity, like you just post in bikini pics. It's still a bad rap. Like as soon as somebody click on your profile, it says only fans.  No, but she definitely was though from what from what he's right crime. Oh Yeah, she's wrong for that. Wait, he didn't tell him about it. No, no, yeah, you scream that So you gotta tell them about it. That's it. Yeah, somebody say your girls cock hole Because then it's like What about you? I agree with them also that it should be a topic of discussion and if he's not okay with it Then you shouldn't be in a relationship, but if and also like if he's not okay with that then you should respect that I maybe think about it also Okay, that's fair. What was you? Yeah, you should definitely talk if you have a man You should definitely be like yo, I want to do it only fans If I have like I have a only fans are subscribed And but if I find now a dude and I would like you want to do content together like let's get a money together like Don't be stupid  I think communication is always important, but I also think that it is her body and, you know, me too, move it. But I think as a partner also, like you should want to see your partner away, and if that's the way that she wants to make money, then, you know, I feel like a man should have a choice. I don't want my girl to win. If that's my girl, I don't want, man, look at her. She's, she's wanting a green轉 on her GyIs. Oh, she's on her yoogg, but I love that one. Nice, but I love her Gaps. You can be with me, but I'm sorry. Oh, you can be with you. We'll have your ex lecture tomorrow. Okay, cool. love to draw a motion from men. The emails love to do that. They'll want...  admit it, but they love to me to make you angry, happy, sad. It doesn't matter what is or addicted to emotion or addicted to drama, right? So they try and draw emotion at you. When you scream like a little punk, all you're doing is motovating her to do more dumb shit to make you scream like a punk again. So regardless of the actual issue in and of itself, he fucked that up because he didn't handle it right. He didn't handle it cool. You can't be screaming like a fucking girl. So that's why I said he's gay because he is. Second thing is maybe she should have said to him, I want to do only fans, et cetera, et cetera. But let's say I'm dating a girl and I might not share some only fans. I'd say, baby, you're mine. I'm possessive over you. I take care of you. She's like, yeah, okay. Yeah, I am yours. I know your mind, which means all these motherfuckers aren't looking at you. Looking at my property. So I want to know how much money we've made. I have a new show in my titties, the clown, and not paying me something. Out of respect.  But out of respect to your man, me, if you understand that you're my property, you belong to me and you want to make a little bit of money showing my titties, that's fine. But I want my fucking cut. Now, if that bitch is going to say, no, I'm not going to give you nothing. Then she can hit the fucking streets. And she's going to pay me what she's going to pay me what I'm owed as a positively inspirational and motivating person that I don't give a fuck what she does. No problem. I'm only fans, but what this punk did is sit there screaming at the top of the stairs to give us a mental breakdown. And what he doesn't understand about females is when they see that kind of emotional vulnerability in an individual, they exploit it. They go, ah, this motherfucker goes crazy when I do dumb shit, that was fun. Let me just do that again. And that was easy. That's right. And I'm sucking a new dick just to send him over the edge. And I mean, over the edge for real off the top of a fucking building. They like that crap. So she was the one filming it, right? Yeah. Of course. You know what's amazing to me? You must be so...  You're a man raising your voice and she is worried about getting the snapchat as opposed to being afraid if I raise my voice out bitch She's at least like fuck fuck I go out here. She has no fear for him on a physical level zero Which means she has no respect for him on a physical level which proves which goes ties into the fact She's doing only fancy because if she respected him as a man then she'd at least love him She doesn't love that guy. She doesn't care about that guy She doesn't fear that guy. She doesn't respect that guy that guy ain't nothing to her He's sitting here losing up his emotional energy like a fucking moron. Bam. I'm a full grown man If I raise my voice men get afraid and you're gonna be a little girl sit there and go he and record it like a fucking one of my bunk You understand you get it. I'm like respect. It was posted That was crazy so that shows that even on a physical level he has no physical presence Because not many girls are suicidal enough To disrespect the man physically on that level unless he's just a little bit  and then he's screaming like a little bitch. He's a little bitch. The correct response as a man is, yo, you belong to me. Them titties are mine. We can do this. You owe me a cut. You don't want to pay me, we're done. That's what you should do, because bro, to all the real G's out there, when you're pushing the murk for free. What? What's that? This didn't even go for me. It didn't go for me. All right, sorry, sorry. I didn't know. Okay, sorry. Let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, right. Let's go on the bus. All right. Like the fucking video, when you're enjoying the complimentary Mercedes, when she's bought you a fucking car, you don't care about some pixelated titties, why would you, right? So that's the reality of it. All men really care about it's feeling disrespected, and you're not gonna feel disrespected if she's paying you your money. P-I-M-P, that's the way to get it. Right. You don't love her unconditionally. You don't love her unconditionally. What do you mean? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I heard her word love. You won't bring her home to mama. That's what I fucking-  I mean, look at my money. This is my baby right here. What do you mean, mama? You see that Mercedes? This is my baby. Me and her were making money. Well, she's making the money. I'm not here on the streets doing what I'm gonna do with my boys, but of course I take her on the mama. Listen, only fans ain't even really that big a deal. I will genuinely not judge and go for having only fans. I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck. We live in the digital world, the digital realm, things have changed. There's no point coming at me with this morals and it's not right, blah, blah. Nothing about the motor world is right. It's all wrong. Everything you girls do is haram. Head to fucking toe. So I'd rather you be acting haram and buying me a car than acting haram for free. I'd listen, I'm here, son. I'm here to cool you. To win only fans. I'd rather you do only fans to go to some celebrity party. Fuck some dude and come home tell me how much you want a relationship. Fuck that. No. You're only fans. Yeah, do only fans. The fact that you know what we're gonna do, baby? What we're gonna do is because you're working so hard. All you do is work all the time. We're making a little bit of money. But you know, you got those three friends who can put them on only fans before you know.  I mean, you're pimping all these bitches. We're gonna want to fucking game. That's what we're gonna do. That's what real man will be saying. I'd have her, her friends, her sister, her fucking mother. I'd have all of them on fucking only fan. All of them. I mean, ballin'. I mean, I think I brought that car. That's $5 million. Only fans of mine. Only family. Only family. Only family. Only family. Only friends. Fuck you. With the breakdown. That was fantastic. There you go. I'm gonna knock that from tight. Good song. You guys. I don't like the fucking video, man. Get the heck out. Engage her back up, guys, because we just broke 7200 live viewers. So guys, do us a quick favor. Cause we are the latest podcast by far. So guys, I'd like to guide the end video. All right. I'll read some of these chats real quick and then me and fresh will give our opinion. Oh, okay. 20 bucks. Dante La Bella. Take, I'm about to order your chest guide. Okay. Oh no, we were down before. We got, and guys, just to keep the show going, we're reading 20 and up right now. We're going to talk about this. If a woman.  only does only fans in a relationship. She is cheating fair enough. Nolan Baptiste of woman does only fans in a relationship. She is cheating. He did it twice. It's twice Bulldog mindset hundred dollars. No magic care. If one of his girlfriends is the only fans only if his only girlfriend is, oh, good point man. Good point. And then 20 bucks mark man's fields BWC. Congrats on 500 K question for the ladies. Have any of them that have only fans accounts how to problem getting or retaining a boyfriend? Okay. We, uh, you know, let's go. Who was the only fans on a pen? I know you, you have one. Oh, two only two ladies have one. I do. Okay. This is surprising. A lot of the time it's everyone. I've had. But, uh, okay. Yeah. No, no, no. A lot of time is normal. Um, has a boyfriend that you've had a had a issue with it? I didn't had a boyfriend. I made it when I single. Okay. And I don't want a boyfriend. Has it been tough with like retaining a guy? Have like guys had issues with it when you mentioned it or no? Uh, no, because I don't talk with men in that type of way. Like relationship wise.  Alright, I'm like that type of way. Okay. Alright, fair enough. Oh, what about you? I have had any issues with that. Nah. I'm saying goes five. Okay. Alright. Okay, man, that's your answer. What else do we got here? Chris? Yeah, almost a good. Alright, we'll finish reading these chats. And guys, while Chris pulls these up, man, hit the like button. Alright, good video, man. You guys are 500k. Oh, no, right that one. 20 bucks, 20b. Shout out to Freshafit. Grisho tonight. Glad everybody's safe from the other night. Make sure to check all the ladies' purses at the door. Huge fan. Keep grinding and stay blessed. Yeah, guys, we definitely do. Don't worry. Don't worry. And then we got Jonathan Castillo. Don De Marco. 150 bucks. Chatsa Squad and Andrew keep up the dope contents. Also, I hardly ever big up the ladies, but shout out to Christine and Lena. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely the good sports on the panel. So what I'll say, man, is I'll make it very nice. No, it's from Aaron Garill. What? Oh, a slice of my ex's bonus for my first super chat. I was very nervous about all that BS recently. Wasn't going anywhere, but glad to know it was BS. Hey, fresh. How many lows and a-  could rob low. Well, okay. Here we go. Some twister. So a fresh. How many lows could rob? Low rob? If roblo could rob lows, Mr. Tate your legend of legends, merge gang mother fucker. Hey. Hey, I'm going to show to you, man. I mean, coach is working out. I tried. Thank you so much, bro, for the support man. And yo, shout out to all you guys that are like, you know, don't end, you know, and obviously seeing beyond the bullshit of all the hate, we appreciate it greatly, man, because at the end of the day, bro, they're going to continue to hate because they're going to get a check off and hating on us. While they hate, we create, baby. We're here to stay brother. And look, I don't need to knock other people down. Our content is solid. So we're cool. Yeah. You know, I'm saying good content speaks for us out. And it's funny because like, they'll talk shit. They're like, who are these fresh to fit guys? And they'll come over like, what the fuck? Why are you all hating on? Look, we've been on the best. I'm about to talk to you. We've been on the best. Yeah. We got any time to stay in the house, man, four time kickboxing world champion. We had Robert Kiyasaki in here. Billionaire, we've had Greg Cardone here. Billionaire, we brought on what? Conceited from Wallenow. And top rapper Michael B...  Jackson people come in it's crazy. I do take Andrew tape we brought out of 22 We brought AD from Tristan Tristan's gonna come we brought Rolla to Masi We had a certainly Cooper. We had an awesome panel with the Avengers brought on a lot of big-ass guests man and Gemma Ray maybe you know Just some Peterson maybe oh yeah, yeah, yeah We got we got Jordan Peterson and Michaela Peterson coming in February so it's like you know I'm saying the guys Yeah, you saw on this face I'm trying to say I mean I try try you know, but but you know what I'm saying like guys we got we're like we're working really hard behind the scenes So I give you all the best experience possible and these are just trying to tear us down It's like you know, I'm saying like they're trying to pull the wool over your eyes and trying to say we're scammers and frauds I was like sure all right, bro if we're scammers and frauds nobody will fuck with us. We would have been gone a long time ago Yeah, please tell me how bro. Yeah, man still waiting on that one. Okay, but uh all right cool so we'll do this right? Oh, I just was gonna finish my point on the face Simply put man it comes down to the guy it depends on your tolerance level me personally I know my main chick is not on only fence fuck that shit, but everyone is different you know  saying some guys might tolerate it, want to make money off it, whatever. But the key, the foundational basis of your girl being on only fans are doing any type of this work. It's gotta go through you and you gotta benefit to some degree. Like 100%. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, me and Andrew might not agree of having our girl do it, but I agree on a foundation that if she does do it, it's gotta go through you. You know what I'm saying? But every guy has different tolerance levels to certain things. I don't, Andrew does, but it's gotta go through him and he's gotta benefit from my, from my terrorist standpoint. This came up, so I was pumped to that chick, right? As long as you lead, you're good guys. And it was like, yo, like, I know what she's doing, but she's benefiting me. So it's like, okay. So you know what the whole thing that happened with that chick or whatever, right? I actually genuinely don't. Okay, cool. But the point is that like, I'm just saying, once I know what it, and it's what it's going to me, I don't care. So. Yeah, I think there's, there's, oh man, I don't wanna talk too much, but I'm gonna try and do it. All right. I call it the oldest profession in the world, right? The whole, the whole prostitution thing. And.  being an only fans girl's not being a prostitute, but we're just gonna keep it simple. But if this year's the oldest profession in the world then pimping it goes along with it. Most girls who are involved in these things, I'd really actually say most girls, especially the ones who are successful at them. Absolutely. They have a man involved. There's a whole bunch of girls with no only fans in their bio making small money. But the girls and only fans making 150 grand tune around a month, that is they're working with their man. I'm almost saying they're man on camera. I'm saying their man is in charge of everything and charge to the scheduling and charge of getting the photo shoots, in charge of putting all together. The ideas, the motivation, so a whole lot of only fans as it's seen as this independent woman, like motivating independent females to rally a bit. The most of the money ends up with men anyway. Andrew, you need to tell, because they might not know your background, how you're speaking about this from such an educated standpoint. For our viewers out there and for the lady, lovely ladies on the panel, what did you used to do prior that qualifies to speak about this? We know, but they need to know. All right, so I used to run a webcam agency. I had 75% of the work. Oh, okay. There we go now. It connects right? It's a lot of passion. He's focusing on looks on their...  faces are like, what is this? What, how does he know that shit? I'm not making it. No, no, yeah, but I had 75 girls who worked on me. This worked for me. This is about seven, eight years ago. So it was before only fans, and it was on webcam. And it was based out in Europe. And they'd sit there on the internet, and they'd talk to dudes, and they'd make a whole bunch of money, et cetera, et cetera. And the girls would primarily do it. They would either do it for me, for my brother, or nearly every other girl who worked for us was married. She was doing it for her man. The idea that it was all purely independent woman, blah, blah, blah. That's very new age. A lot of it was just, look, this is the job. I can make a whole bunch of money. I'm doing it for my man. And as long as the man feels respected, and he feels like part of the equation, most men are cool with it. Most men are like, you're going to make how much money? All right, cool. Boom. I want to be in charge of it, et cetera. What's actually interesting, I identified something that I see in Miss Young German here. And girls who are making money from dudes, they often very much struggle to find a romantic relationship with the dude. You just said yourself, I don't talk to guys in a romantic way. I don't care about romantic way. And a lot of girls who do sex work are in many ways repulsed by men.  things outside of money. A lot of the girls used to work for me on webcam. They like all I do is talk to dorks all fucking day, men are losers. I can't even go on a date anymore. It puts them off. It does put them off. It puts them off. Man, is that true? Fals? Yeah. It puts you off. Man, you're like, okay, well, am I getting paid? No, but then fuck off. I don't want to talk to them anymore. Right. So there are some elements where you can find this combination where I've had girls who work for me, right? They're in love with me. They work very hard. They make a lot of money. I make a lot of money from them. And on top of that, they're probably more loyal than a normal girl would be because the whole idea of all men besides me repulses them. So they're like, you're the only fucking G on this planet. I don't even another man to talk to me. Every man I talk to is a fucking loser. And you end up with women who are completely head over heels in love with you. And they despise the male species as a whole. So it can go that way. It can go that way. It can go the other way too. But it can go that way. So don't the idea that all girls and only fans is bad, et cetera, et cetera. It's absolutely false. This opens a really good discussion because we brought many women on the party.  that are maybe famous porn stars, high earners on only fans, dancers, strippers, exotic dance, whatever, maybe, basically women involved in the sex industry as we just discussed, that make money from men's inability to get laid. And what I've come to realize is, you see a very dark side of male nature as a female entertainer, that basically just like you said, repulses you and is very difficult for you to connect with men. So it's actually interesting that it's almost as if her career ostracizes her from a lot of men. But at the same time, you're in a position where it almost insulates you as the main guy in her life and she's disgusted by everyone else. Correct. So it actually works in your favor. I never thought of it that way. Absolutely. She has no guy, then it makes her harder, right? Because you're right. She's a repulsed by all men. She wants to get paid to even interact with them because she finds them unattractive. But if she's already in love with you when she starts something like that, then they can go the opposite way because she's already in love with you at the beginning, right? And the more and more of this dark side of male nature she interacts with, the less and less interest.  She has with the general populist of this. And she's like, every man I talk to, I've been doing this job for four years, every single dude was disgusting. You see, there's a simp or he spoke shit, or he's just ugly. I did something a lot of them alike. I know I'm falling more in love with you than ever before, but that's only if they loved you to begin with, so it can go two ways. But yeah, it's a really interesting, it's an interesting phenomenon as a whole. It truly is an interesting phenomenon. No, I hate man. I just like, it just clicked in my head because every girl that like, I won't say any names, but they literally come in and they'll say, I hate man, or I don't, I don't go on dates unless they're paying me. I don't often, I'm a minister, pay me. And I was like, I was like, yeah, that makes sense. Like you're seeing the worst side of men. So why the fuck would you wanna like deal with them in general? Like your job is to entertain them and you're seeing that like literally like their sexual fantasies, like you have to make that shit come to fruition. And let's be honest, a lot of dudes are gonna have some weird fantasies, bro. Feet shit, put in needles and her dicks, all those weird shit. So I would feel weird too about that, if I was a woman. So it makes sense how it almost, even though people might say, oh, it's counteractive, like it's gonna make, it means she's a hoe. No, actually, if anything.  If you're managing her and she's under your authority and that's why I say guys, it's so important that you have to be the one Running that side of her life. You have to be the leader in her life You got to be the foundation because even if she goes into something like that that is conducive to Infidelity or some other shit, but she's under your leadership You can't work in your favor. Completely. If she's if she's under your leadership Let me tell you something if a girl is under your leadership the chance of her meeting a man on only fans That she falls in love with is fucking zero It's only fans, bro. These guys are messaging her hey feet, please They spit in game so like the chance of her leaving you for that is basically zero and you nailed it You see the worst side of of male nature man. I've got some stories from webcam you girls would not believe because me My brother used to sit there and we watched all the screens. We had a setup very much like this And we watched all these screens in our big-eye studio We had we had let me tell you one story Yeah, please, please, I want the ladies to kind of see what the dark side  Do you want a weird one or do you want a funny one because one of them was really funny and then I had one guy who was really funny And then we'll do both do both and what is a story time so each person tell of dark side of Men nature that you saw will I just start off first? All right, so probably so probably the weirdest guy we ever had was a lawyer and he was a lawyer in New York Who's from New York? Oh the uh Jenny from the block You know So we had a lawyer from New York and this guy man, you know what the thing about webcam It kind of worried me about the world because when you see how police officers the doctors surgeons Yeah, lawyers you see what they're doing when they're at home with their money. You don't trust any of them anymore So now if I ever have that surgery, I'm looking at him up and down like motherfucker you fucking cam You know, I don't trust other ones. So this guy was a lawyer right what year was this? This is so people kind of have yeah, so I got into the cam game early early this must have been probably Seven eight maybe nine years ago. Okay, so a long time ago right around 2012. Yeah, something like that cool. So I do  just popping off. Yeah, it's all that shit's new, right? So cam's new. My girls are making a bunch of money. Anyway, so we had a lawyer and what he used to like to do is he found one of my girls and he had this, it started with a fantasy that she was his babysitter and that he would poop his pants and that she had to change him, right? So it started off very much like, Hey, can you smell me? And she'd be like, Yeah, you smell so bad. Do I smell bad? And he loved it when she was like, you're disgusting. You smell so bad. You're a full grown man. What's wrong with you? Why do you smell so bad? He loved that, right? And then he got to the point we're saying, I'm going to ask you to make me do things, but I want them to be completely unreasonable and the worst they are, the more I'll pay. So she's like, All right, all right. I want you to wear a diaper at work. And he's, all right, so he sends her like a thousand dollars and he wears a diaper at work. But he got to the point across a few months where she's like, I want to wear a diaper and not, she said to think of shit, right? So I want to wear a diaper and not change it for a week. And he'd send her 10 G's and he would actually do it. And he'd say,  He wear a diaper and not change her a week. Go toilet in the cypress, sort of God. And he tried and sent her pictures of it all. She wouldn't even look at them, because we made her feel sick. But me and Tristan, me and my brother were like, I'm putting them out, put them on her bed and shit. But you go, that kind of thing. These are the kind of dudes she's talking to. So you think she's watching this and going, I can't wait to go out there to New York and get myself a nice lawyer? No, these are the lawyers of the world. It's disgusting. And then we also had another guy, let me light it up with a funny story. We had one guy who was a bad boy. We had one guy who was a pimp. Might be a new fresh. No, no, no. We had one guy called Paul. And Paul went to a girl and said, look, you need to buy some gummy bears. He sent her $1,000, please buy gummy bears on a Tuesday. I remember this story. So she was like, took the grand, whatever. She bought a bunch of gummy bears. And on Wednesday, he came back and he made her pull all the gummy bears down out in front. And the gummy bears was Paul and all his boys. And he all had names. Paul and Tim and his brother Chris and all this shit. Shut up, Chris. Yeah, shut up, Chris. And what she had to do was pick one up.  and pretend she was gonna eat it. And he'd be like, please, though, E. Chris, though, E. Chris is my boy Chris, he's my friend, please, though, E. Chris. And though, E. Chris, please, please, please. And he beg on the chat and you see him on the camera like panicking. No, not Chris, please, please. And she'd like put him on her titties. And make Chris make his face. And eventually, eventually, eventually she put him in her mouth and she chew. And he'd be like, have a panic attack. No, no, no, no Chris, no, no. Ryan the camera, please. And this would go on for hours while she slowly took his friends one by one, his boss from where his back, I went all when they were all dead. Only Paul is left. Did he buy a please don't eat me? Queen, please don't eat me. You've eaten all my friends. Please, don't eat me. Don't eat me. He'd beg and beg and beg and beg. Don't eat me. And when she eventually, she put him on the tits, she'd lick him to the, once she'd eventually start chewing Paul, he'd come everywhere.  I need a walk. I need a walk. Listen, listen, me and my brother would be sitting there saying, Paul's a jeep. Hey, some gay. I'm like, if I'm going to lose one of my webcam girls to a cam guy, if I'm going to lose any of my chicks, this guy's going to take her. He's a bad boy. That's some sick guy. That girls don't pretend you don't want this guy. What do you want, everything? Do you know you want him? I'm going to kill me in my sleep. Oh, my God. That's my cam story. I got more of an ass in that. And honestly, that was a great story. And that's the way it's perfectly. It's what I was going to say here, which is basically, what I've come to realize is this pornographer and sex work makes women hate men. And prostitution makes men hate women. And the reason why it's so funny is because I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I'm not a gay. I mean, whether it's a woman and the reason why is because men are paying. I'm not a gay. I'm not a black. I'm a black.  their money, aka providing their security to some degree, their financial security, to get sexual access. And on the other flip side, the woman is providing her sexual access to that man in exchange for some temporary security. So it both parties are getting what they want like from a carnal level, but it's not real. So it makes sense that the two the two genders are like going to hate each other when they participate in this thing because I've noticed guys, you know, if we flip it that have sex a lot of prostitutes have like this incredibly strong disdain for women. They fucking hate them, bro, because you're seeing the worst side of female hypergamy. You're literally paying her, she starfish in you, and then you bang and then she leaves. And you're like, okay, you didn't get to enjoy, right? The nice side of female nature, you know, the comforting, the soothing voice, cleaning the cleaning, her giving a shit about you to some level, right? Like you don't enjoy that. You're just getting the one thing that you really want from her, which is the sexist she leaving. Makes you feel some type of way, right? And then the woman...  on the other end, right? She's getting just the money from you. She's not getting that security. She's not getting that masculine energy. She's not getting that protection. She's not getting that money temporarily. So she's going to have some this day for you. So it's kind of funny to see the two genders almost have this tug of war and hate each other when they participate in the sex industry from different spectrums. Yeah. You nailed it, man. You're absolutely nailed it. And what's actually funny is when I was doing the canvas. Most of my girls who made the majority of their money, it wasn't sexual. They made the majority of their money from being a therapist to some sad dude. They because people would say why people would say why they own webcam because porn is free on the internet and they can buy a hooker for cheap. So why they spend in $10,000 a month talking to some chick. It's like they they ain't trying to see her titties. They're trying to sit there and go, my wife doesn't respect me. I'm so sad. My kids don't listen to me. I've worked my whole life. She hates me. I can't even get a blow job on my birthday. But my girls were therapists much more than they were sex workers. Like the the plate of the mail is absolutely insane. It's crazy how some of these dudes are living out here. They'll pay a lot of money just to feel better.  And they'd come into her chat room and she'd remember the name of their dog and they'd be like, she remembers me like it was amazing to them. Like people don't understand how miserable most dudes out here are. It's crazy. It's genuinely crazy. There's guides out here, especially in the west who are seriously sad. I put a tweet up the other day and I almost deleted it because I almost had a heart for a second. I don't really have one, but I almost. I put something up after the Taliban one. I said, I see this and the Taliban have girls flying out to Iraq to be a fourth wife in a war zone. And you're in Philadelphia, you're wanking off because you can't get a chick to even fucking pay attention to. Yeah, and the point I was making is this like the cultural differences, etc. And some guy wrote underneath it like this really upsets me because basically it's true. But yeah, it's crazy for American men, man. It's crazy for a lot of them and they'll sit there and literally these chicks were full time therapists. I ran a therapy business. I didn't run a strict business. It was therapy all of it. And I want to say this to Andrew because you're one of the only people that was in that profession, right in that world as a manager.  So you saw everything and brought this kind of dark side when I listened to one of your podcasts before and You you talked about like a lot of these guys just wanted to talk to somebody So I'll give a fuck about like shoot me fully close sometime or she wouldn't be showing any titties a lot of you That just wanted to talk to an attractive woman that actually gave a shit about their life because their wife no longer fucks Some she just riding out to get the divorce paper work or whatever the hell it is and a lot of these guys are genuinely alone And I think um, you know, I and this is why I think you know the male When it's keeping you to friendly self-deletion rates are significantly higher than women is because you know a lot of guys You know, they're incentivized to not talk about this shit You know, you're supposed to hold your emotions and everything else like that and a lot of time is it's an outlet You know these sex workers like these girls especially on cams all cam. It's all communication Yeah, you know, I'm saying not as meant and not as much as like only fans now or it's like now It's just like straight up like just crazy shit But you're interacting with the girl real time. So you're like getting that attention and guys are paying for that attention Oh yeah, I would I would I would I would genuinely believe that my business has  at least 25 suicides, at least minimum. Wow, at least. Literally genuinely at least. Where do I sign up? I've unfortunately retired from that game. Now I moved into something else. But yeah, this was at the beginning of the cam stages and it was different than it is now where every guy knows about cam, et cetera. But all these guys were just kind of discovering it at the time because they were relatively new and they were like, wow, you actually care, I exist. So why does my woman hate me so much? All I did is everything she wanted, why does she hate me? All I did was marry her and work. I did everything she wanted. Why does she treat me like crap? And it's kind of like, I felt like jumping in the same listen, gee, I can't, right? I can't. So instead the girl would give the advice that it'd let the milk them on. Man, there are some ruthless stories as well though. Like I had one chick. Oh man, come on. All right. Tell the story, ladies. He tells the story. Yet your story ready, right? The worst story that you could think of where a guy was acting weird. And the think of one story where a girl totally fucked a guy over. But before I end up telling the story, whatever, yeah. We need the legs up though.  You know what, should we wait? There's about to be 8,000 y'all in here, man. We're giving you a lot of game, bro. Please like to got a damn video, right? Because we're about to give you guys some more sauce. Yeah, like, like, and listen, I ain't gonna lie. It's Friday night. We lit him a good time and you're listening. What, what, what, what, what, what can he likes? Out of 8,000 watching. Less than half. We give you the club right now again. Lit, I'm not gonna let him. I'm not gonna let him. I'm not gonna let him. I'm not gonna let him. I got people who are waiting. I got people who are waiting for me. Like y'all think it's like the video, man. Yeah, like the video, man. Because guys, we'd be sacrificed a lot for this, man. And yeah, bro, all we need is a, you guys to like, because it helps with the engagement, everything else like that. And, what else? Those something else else I was gonna say. I forgot I was gonna say. No, well, December 18th. But yeah, go ahead, Andrew. No, just get your stories ready. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what, I kind of want to hear some girl stories. But all in all, it was a super interesting perspective. It was very interesting for me to run it from both sides. It was interesting for me to keep the girls motivated and happy and for them to do it. It was very interesting for me to see all the things that men say and all the things men truly desire. And a lot of these.  women out here see men as these horrible creatures and they were evil and that were always after sex and money and that of that. I'm telling you now the majority of men just wanna feel respected in the house they live in. They wanna feel like they actually have someone who genuinely respects them and cares about them and if they can get that and that alone, you'd be surprised how many you can keep happy. Keeping a man happy as a woman is so remarkably easy. It's a miracle that you managed to mess it up. Like it's so easy. It's so easy, but I understand there's a culture in the world today that's convincing young ladies, you need to be a disagreeable, horrible, unlikeable little bitch. And that said, it's all about get the bag, all this crap. You know what you need to do is go home to your man and say, you know what, you actually do a lot for me. I really love you, I care about you, et cetera. If you could do that and that alone, you ain't gonna fucking leave you. Any woman, you'll never gonna lose a man if you show him some respect and you show him some peace and quiet in his own home. And there are men out there who were paying $100, $200, $300,000 a year talking to some bitch, a thousand miles away, just to feel like they someone gave a shit they existed. It's crazy, it's crazy. And I wanna say this real quick, I got a question for you, Andrew.  And then we're going to turn to ladies. So ladies, be ready, which are stories. And watch your guys. I don't know though. You got plenty of time. Only fans versus webcam industries. Webcam industry dying nowadays. You're in a unique position where you've done both. Yeah. The webcam industry is dying because the webcam industry is a full time job. Webcam was 12 hours a day, start AAM, finish 8 PM, full time job. You had to turn up. You had to actually work with only fans. You don't have to work that hard. The truth is the majority of girls on only fans make fucking nothing. In fact, they make nothing. I know, talk about it and they'll make a fucking 500 quid here to 1000 here. The girls, I know, I know a few. Wait, what's 500 quid in USD? Because I know that we got a lot of American viewers. Sorry. So I'm British, guys won't know. I know a $600, $700, whatever. I know some girls who are not only fans who are making $100,000 a month. And they're making big, big money. But they approach it like an actual business. They do TikTok specifically to grow TikTok account, specifically to get only fan subscriptions. And then they have people inside of their account to specifically talk to the people for them to make sure they get the engagement and to sell the product. And they'll go every day they'll do a photo shoot.  They will approach it like an actual business, but they're only doing that because they're man's telling them, damn. So as usual, with only fans, if you have a man in charge, if any girl would have come to me and say, I want to get rich, take please, waste some of your life getting me rich. I could take a chick with no subscribers, nothing. And in a month, I'd be putting on 100 G's a month minimum. If you'll do anything I say, if you'll low bay like a puppet, I will make you rich. Women can't do it by themselves. You need a man in tracks. But yeah, cam is a really, hold on, they're going to hit you with the massage. Yeah, but it's true. I'm 100. I want to see. Exactly. It's not even that. It's the work ethic. It's the work ethic. It's the mindset. It's to greed. It's to organization. It's all of that. It's the emotional stability. Oh, you feel sad today, where your titties still look good. So get the fuck on the camera. It's that emotional stability, right? And it doesn't matter what a woman wants to do. It doesn't matter if she wants to be a housewife. It doesn't matter if she wants to be a lawyer. It doesn't matter if she wants to be an only fans girl. Unless there's a man in charge of it, she's going to fuck it up. So you need a man in charge of it.  all of it head to toe from start to finish or she's gonna fucking ruin it. The whole idea, the whole paradigm of the independent woman is a fallacy. Every single independent woman is not meeting her potential on any fucking level. Massage in it. I got you. Please. I've been ready for you. Thank you. And then also I got you with the. But it's true. But it's true for a woman to reach maximum potential. She needs a man and for a man to reach maximum potential. He needs a woman. We are meant to be together. It's a beautiful unity of earth. And this whole division they put in between us all is only bad for both sexes. It's for both sexes, right? So there's nothing wrong with listening to a man when it comes to only fans or anything else you want to do. There's nothing wrong with it. Anyway. The power levels. No, that's 1000% fact, man. Like you cannot operate optimal levels without the opposite gender being involved. I've always said I'm making an operator 100% but your girl's gonna come in and help you operate at 105. And that's gonna be that extra 5% is gonna be the edge that you when you're a high level performer that beats the competition. 100%.  She comes in and she becomes an indispensable cog in the wheel of your success and helps you operate past maximum when everyone else is operating at maybe 100%. They don't have one by their side because what are they doing? They're dealing with stupid bimbo hose that come in, have sex with them, spend their money up, give them stress, give them a headache, give them all this bullshit, but your girl comes in, doesn't take anything. She adds value. She operates and becomes an indispensable part of your repertoire and then bang, you're operating at a whole other level because you have a help mate that's by your side versus someone that comes in. Let's be honest, most women take value instead of add value. Girl, you swear, they can take me out of date, give me a bag. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You know what I'm saying? Like you need to entertain me and a lot of modern day women go into this thing like you need to provide value to me. And that's fine. The guy will provide value to you until he gets the sex. And then if you don't provide the value back, let's see how long he gonna last around. And that's the problem I think most modern day women fall into is they're not able to retain a guy post sex. And the key is to be what you just said, have a man operate and opt to  levels. You know what I'm saying? Right. And then for the woman, I agree. I think that men are just designed, but I mean, okay, I'm gonna hit myself with this as well. Oh, thank you. I'm just gonna say, men are designed to work harder than women. We're built for it. We're stronger. We're taller. We have stronger bone density. This is why all the physical labor jobs are male dominated. I don't see any feminist running around complaining saying, there's not enough female alaskan fishers. You know what I'm saying? Or not enough oil drillers or not enough construction workers. They want to fight for the cushy office jobs that pay high salary, but they don't want to do the hard work that controls that helps operate the infrastructure of Western countries, like electric power, the power grids, everything else like that is run by men, architecture, engineering, etc. So men just understand that we have to crave out. You know that from your time, you're a little boy that you're gonna have to work to be able to get a girl, hey, you need to get a good job, etc. It's kind of put in your head. A woman, hey, you want to go to school, become successful, fantastic, but you don't have to. You don't have to. If you're pretty enough, you don't have to. It is, it is a choice as much as modern and women get mad at me.  for saying that, if you're beautiful and you come from a good family, et cetera, there will be men lining up to marry you that are worth millions by the time you're 18. You know, I'm saying a woman can't choose to not work if she's beautiful enough and she knows how to carry herself correct. But a man, it don't matter how beautiful you are, bro, you have to work together. No, it does not mean shit. So, um, and with that said, like men are just designed to work more. I mean, we men on average make more money than women, despite the fact that women go to college more than men, they're higher, more educated than men, men make more money. Why? Because men take less vacation time, men work more hours, men work more dangerous jobs. And this is all statistically proven. It's a fact. The wage gap does not exist because of gender. It exists because of choices. Men choose to work more hours and work more dangerous jobs. That pay more. That's the reality. So, going back to you with the only fan thing, having a male manager, he's going to be able to look at the business tangibly and, okay, we need to do this more to make this much more money, et cetera. The woman, let's be honest, she's already in a vulnerable position because she's showing her body about that. Okay. So, she's already in a sensitive state.  So if she doesn't make it just like you said, you've used this exam many times. I didn't make as much money this day. Why didn't make as much money this week or this month? She's gonna start to feel some type of way because she like basically what the market is telling her, but you ugly. We ain't paying you no more. You know what I'm saying? And that's how girls are gonna take it even though it might have been some other only fans girls popping off or someone is going viral and that's why she lost money. But she's gonna take it like, damn, am I good enough? Am I good enough? You need that guy there to keep you motivated because women are heavily influenced by their emotions, man. You know, men are told do what's right. Women are told do what's right for you. They're very different. So I think having that male counterpart is extremely important as a leader to women to keep things objective, be there for her to, you know, to be that rock when her emotional instability rises. And that's just the reality, man. And this 100% true. Every girl that I know that makes a lot of money in the section to shoot or makes a lot of money with any type of these like digital businesses where they're, you know, kind of promoting themselves. They have a male manager nine out of 10 times, whether it's a boyfriend, a uncle, a dad, somebody is in the back.  like making sure that she has her ship all good to go. Or a Pimp or a P.I.A. every every every single time. Every single time. Rance over. Not no, you nailed it every single time. Okay. So that's real quick. And then ladies tell their story well. Hey, take can a black guy do well in Romania? You can do well. I think you can do perfectly fine. However, it's the there you're going to be an anomaly. You're going to be the only one my friend. So just keep that in mind. Like the Romanian men may not depend. If you walk I really believe if you are a completely black guy and you went to Romania and you walked around and treat people to respect, you have no problems. So not openly racist. However, if you had a bit of an attitude and you want to bump into people and shit because you did be like, whoa, whoa, he's definitely not from here. So for that reason, it would be on. And you don't want it over there because like they're strapped and they mean it. So you want to. Yeah. And here's nothing to I don't think people on people complain about the United States being like super racist, whatever. Bro, other parts of the world are extremely racist. Oh, yeah. Like really bad. And by the way, Andrew's actually black. I'm part black.  I'm part, but I get away with I'm like a day walker. I get away with it. I get away with it. Shut up, laid. Yeah. But yeah, guys like like Japan, for example. Yeah, but like that they they have the low I think they have some of the lowest immigration rates in the world. Oh, no, you know what's it's kind of amazing when you talk about the whole racist thing in America being a racist country because that is that is absolute garbage. And the reason this absolute garbage is because you nailed it. Most countries are so openly openly racist. You go to Japan or even Korea. I like. Well, you go Korea. A girl, a girl can't date you like no, you're not Korean by. Yeah. The whole they won't hire you. They don't like you girls don't want to touch you. The family doesn't want to know you that they preserve their culture. Everyone in Japan looks Japanese for a reason. Thanks. And they're not going to allow you in and most countries like that. Romania is the same. There's Romania is not too bad. But if you go to Bulgaria or Moldova or some other countries I've been to, I was in Moldova me and my brother got attacked by 10 guys because they heard us talk in English. And they were walking me my brother and these.  two girls and they start talking in Russian to the girls and the girls later told us they were saying go home to your families why are you with American men why you with American men and these two these ten these ten dudes come over and we're like what's the problem and they just fucking swung it was all those of street fight I know we're and they're and their basic logic is you came here to fuck up or e girls so fuck you like they so many countries in the world are so actually genuinely inherently racist it's in it's not even racist it's not even racist they protect their culture yeah protect their culture that's why they still have a culture left in some most countries don't they protect their culture to such a strong level and that's my point about Romania I believe that as a friendly enough and safe enough place that if you were to turn off black you'd have no problems however everyone's going to instantly know you're not Romanian which means if you get into even an inkling of trouble now you're a target because we know he ain't from here that means I can shoot him in the head now get away with it so you don't want that that's the point man he's been to 72 countries guys been all over the world but yeah like I've heard like Saudi Arabia they gave a new citizenship no because you're born there no way  No way, you know, look at Dubai Dubai people talk about the buy all the time Dubai is 10% Emirates 90% And the expats cannot get a passport. I spoke to one guy who was an Indian guy when I was living in Dubai He was Indian he lived in Dubai for 21 years and he can't get a passport because in those 21 years you got speeding ticket You'll never become a citizen. Yeah, never you can never become a citizen because you are not one of us You can work in our country. You can be a slave you can obey if you steal something will chop your hand off You're never ever ever going to become one of us That's how they work. Yeah, I've had cousins born there. They ain't given you citizenship Japan very difficult to get citizenship I hate to say this. I'm not selling an asshole, but I know I'm gonna get hit with the Oh, dad. I'm just gonna say this. I've come to realize Countries that have low immigration rates have extremely low crime rates as well. It's true. So I do Arabia UAE Japan Third strongest economy in the world low-sub-easy rates technology driven you know, I'm saying There's some next immigration is terrible. Yeah, but there is a strong  correlation and I know, who coalesce in the causation? Well, if you, if you, if you extrapolate, you look at all the countries that have very strict immigration standards, bro, their crime is low. Compound that with Spain, France, United States, Canada, all the countries that have very lax immigration protocol. Their crime rates are extremely high. Yeah. So you nailed it. And listen, I'm half black, half white, and I'm an immigrant living in a country. I live in Romania. And I'm an, I'm an immigrant. Right. So this is, this is hypocritical to some degree. But you absolutely nailed it. Because what happens when you have a homogenous society is that people naturally see themselves and others to a degree. You naturally look at other people, they speak the same language, they look the same as you and you see yourself and others. It's much harder to be a savage to someone who you can see a likeness in. I was in a taxi in Romania and I was driving and these three girls were walking through the park. And I was like, it's, it's four in the morning. Why are those girls walking through the park at night? And the taxi driver said, but their Romanian girls, a Romanian man wouldn't hurt a Romanian girl. I've never heard that in America. All right. No. Because here we all look different. We all think different, etc.  And that has strengths. I'm not saying it doesn't have advantages, it does have some, but the disadvantage is you don't see yourself and other people. Everybody's your enemy, he's Democrat, he's Republican, he's Black, he's White, he's dead, he's Puerto Rican, he's dead, he's dead. And nobody cares about each other. You have no culture, you have no uni. This is why you have a country like Romania, where the police forces are fucking joke, driving Dachia's name and got guns. And the crime rate is a fraction of it, isn't in the American city. Like the police gave it in force, anything. They don't need to, right? The crime's so low. So you're right. Homogeneity to some degree, when it comes to social cohesion, man, it's been proven to prove in fact. Yeah, this is a very based high IQ conversation, man. So like to God damn video, man, it's almost 9,000 you guys in here. We're climbing up, I'll read these things. And then ladies, I still hope you guys have your stories ready. To be honest, next to Mr. Tate, I will let, hey, hyena drag me for miles to walk to walk you talking by dolls on broken glass, just, oh, to walk you talking by balls on broken glass, just to listen to you, your poopy drop in the toilet, the every next by fresh, I need them. Yes.  and that's from Yo Copa. Wait, bro, something a webcam guy. What's the? Okay. Give me her. All right. Cameron Slitchler, 20 bucks, message deleted. He probably made fun of Chris, but thank you for the donation. Hit the fucking like button. What's the lady to the left of my rents? Insta, what's your screen? I'm Christine Tran. Not for a trend. It's a Vietnamese last name, guys. Yeah. Uh, Kendra Alcorn hit the fuck. Oh, no, read that one. How do we attend a 500K party? Is there a link to purchase tickets? It'll come out Monday. Monday. We're going to put out the link on Monday for y'all. But general mission is free. It's pretty much like covered by the club, whatever, but if the VAP is going to be a paid, um, we're going to have Andrew and Aaron some of the people hit up me and fresh, because me and me and fresh, it's, you know, we're doing a party, coronation, everything. So any question this time. Chris is bringing the girls. So yeah, fresh Prince CEO and Aaron, see Pox and check them out, guys, but we're going to have the thing to buy the VIP tickets on Monday, but it is completely free to come limited. And I, and you guys want to pay a cent. I'm going to come out and make sure I shake everybody's hand.  Talk to all of you if you don't want to pay for the VIP. It's fine I'm gonna still come out and me all you guys me a fresh will do our due diligence make the rounds Victor him in us 20 bucks Hey, does one prepare for the war room or just join what do I do if I join with little life experience? I'm trying to level up listen You can't prepare for the war room the you just join the war room and we'll prepare you for life I'm tired of people asking me how do I prepare for the war room if you had to if you had dinner the cage for a cage fight Would you prepare to start training or would you just go to the fight gym? Just go the fight gym get over it. That's some cowardice shit We're trying to find an excuse to not join you join. There's a link here underneath this podcast That's the link to be on get inside ASAP all right cool all right, so we're gonna turn to ladies now craziest story From the male side that you see in the dark side of male nature will start Either a guy did it to you or your friend or yeah Okay, okay, I had plenty of time. Make sure to make sure to join into you guys Did I might okay? So crazy the guy and then he said what a girl screwed a guy over yeah  If you have both awesome, if not, yeah. Oh, we have one. It's kind of tame, like, any kind of, I have a weird, yeah. I was on a dating app. And many, many years ago, when I, I think it was okay, Cupid. It was more tame. He was like, wait, wait, what? No, sorry, go ahead, go ahead. Oh, shit. He was, he was very much since the BDSM, like, dominant, submissive type stuff. And he's, right away, I think it was just a directness, kind of surprised me. He's like, oh, you want to be my slave. And I was like, well, ignore that, because I was young, or did you know how to handle that? That's where I tame though, for ya. You know what I'm saying? I met a girl. You should have responded to Cuntacante. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, I can't, I can't miss a pair, right? So I'm going to go right, she had a slave. I'm like, why is this guy following you around? He's like, oh, he's my slave. I'm like, what? If you want to water from the store, go give me some water. You go get a water. Whatever she said to do, the slave would do. Kid of sleep, that's normal, that's normal.  When there's guys that will have girls put them on leashes. Yes. When will you walk around my life? Remember when you hit me up on live on Instagram that day you went live? Yeah. I joined a life? Yes. I was at a condo. Yes. Remember that? Yup. And she had a slave there. I don't know who this is. This is Paul Baja White. White dude. That was Andrew. I was just kidding. And whatever she said, he would do. And I was like, what's going on here? What? I was like, you know, this shit's crazy. OK. That's true. Yeah, because he gets female attention. How else does he get female attention in his life? He doesn't. So that's why he does that slave thing. That's super common. It's even with the cam that being that submissive and I'll do anything you say, that's the most common thing in the world. Super common. He drove four hours to pick up her bags to buy her water. Yeah, but she's brave. She's really brave because I don't know if I was a chick, I wouldn't want some weirdo following me right. She's brave, right? There's a load. This kind of thing is offered to girls all the time. Do you really want some dude in your house who wants to be a slave?  what have you been obsessed with doing flips? The Switch and the Switch. Yeah, that's true. I got a crazy story for you guys. I'll go last because it's fucking wild. But okay, so that's your story. I will say this, I've heard crazy stories of girls getting paid 10 K a month to show up at a dude's house on a weekend and put them in a cage or beat his ass or step on him. Weird kinks, I can like a dog eating kibble or like shitting in a diaper or pissing on you or being furries. I mean, I'm not judging, but there's a lot of weird. Oh no, we judge it. I'm judge, I'm judge today. No, it's crazy. I don't be one. What about you? Okay, so I kind of have like two stories. One was more so like the first story weird to me is like I had a friend, she was like a stripper and she was like this guy would come in and he would pick out certain girls and then he would buy one bottle in a room, a private room and they would go in one by one and he'll hand them the bottle and whoever can shove it up his ass the best. You will pay them the most money.  He would come in every week and do the same thing. And I was like, what? She was like, I was like, not me. Like, and for me, like, it was kind of. What's the bottle of? We need to get a size here. I don't know, but he had like, he had a lot of money. So he would buy like really expensive bottles. Was it a big bottle? Probably. I don't. She didn't really describe exactly what's ever bought a bottle of crystal up there. He got me at bottle, but that was like, oh, no. That's just too much for me. Oh, right. And then it's like weird, but I kind of like took advantage of the situation at the same time. So I was getting my security license at the time. My aunt put me on was the only one in the class. Upon me being the only one in the class, I had to learn how to properly search a person. So he was saying that. You could have used that the other night. He was saying that, you know, a guy can't really search a girl, but a girl can search a guy. So he was like, I respect, you know, I'll probably, he had like a plastic.  life or whatever. I would turn around, he'd hide it or whatever. So I did the search, I was getting it wrong at first, but we did it like two times by the third time I noticed that he started acting like weird. So I'm like, in my head, I'm like, what's going on? And he started like kind of mowing a little bit. He's like touching me right there and touching me right there. And I'm like, I was even touching him inappropriately. Like I was just really like just patting him. Like, and I'm like, what the hell? So he just kept doing this. So then after he's just started saying all these things like, hey, we can set up stuff. Oh, you should talk to me dirty. I'm like, I don't really do that. I'm, you know, like it was out of my whole world. Like I've never been in that position. So but I'm like, damn, I need to security like this. So I was like, right? I'm like, okay, yeah, yeah. He at first, he was like, you're going to come back the next day. Do your fingerprint blah, blah, blah. But he got so excited that he did everything that same day. And he thought I was dumb because you have to go somewhere.  else give them the paper, your picture so they can make the actual hard copy card. So his excuse was after I got all the paperwork that I needed, I left like I just dashed out of it. He called me. He was like, oh, you know, you got to do one more class. I'm not stupid. I'm like, I don't have to do one more class. So then I go there, but I went with at the time, my boyfriend. He was in the car. So I'm like, okay, just in case, food gets crazy. I got somebody in the car. So I go up there. Now I'm at the mat. Like now I'm at the real rude. I'm like, what you want? So he's like, oh, why are you acting like that with me? And I'm like, bro, you're weird as shit. Like, you don't know. I just played you out of a hole. So you, I didn't have to pay shit. You gave me, he even gave me my money back for the class and the license. So I'm like, you just got played. So then he's like, what did I do to you? He chased me all the way to the car and everything. And I was cussing him out because I was like, you're telling me to come back to get the hard copy. Knowing, damn, why I could go to Daryl and do that shit. Like, you dumb as fuck and I spook.  I'm like, you stupid. So I got over it. But it was like really rare for me. I was like, I'm just, you can lock you in there. Yeah, I was in. But it was like out of the, I'm out of the grace of God. I don't know. Wait, wait, wait, wait. The grace of what? Out of grace of God. Like, sorry. Last girl who came on to the guy. I'm not. You're here. She came on. No, no, no. You're here. Who's first? I was, but for real, for real, because guys get really weird to get possessive things like that. So he didn't lock the door. I mean, I just like played it real cool to the point where I was able to get out of there. And even when I got back, I didn't really go in his office like I was standing at the door, making sure the door was open like, because I got weirded out just in that whole experience. Did he offer you putting up? I don't know. That's a very weird, very, very strange. Yeah, guy has a job pretty much to get pated down by.  Okay. Fantastic. Miss uh, Chui. Well, former Chui. Former. I don't really know anyone personally, but I've saw this one gross that she made like 40 K. I think a month. Um, just selling her parts. Yeah. In little, in little jars. She would have even put like a little pedal in the jar to give it. She says I caught the scent more and she would sell this little jars of her parts. Guys, how much was she selling per jar? She has to be selling a lot of jars. Oh, I came back at just the right time. Wow. Okay. So but she made 40 K selling part jars. Yeah. I believe it was like around 40 K. Yeah. She even selling it for that much. She like share it because she's like got a turn on TikTok. So she like shared her whole diet and she just like gorgeous all day, like stuff like beans, everything that you possibly need to like. Oh, God. Is she is she a fat? No, she's beautiful. Oh really? Yeah. Okay. All right. Very strange. That's probably why they want her parts on the same. Oh, God. All right. Listen.  I have to take it to the grave guys. I'm sorry, I plead the fit. I gotta take it to the grave. So much. I gotta take it to the grave. I mean, we've all had a typical, you know, a guy like a friend. You can tell us a friend's story. A friend's story. You can tell us a friend's story. You can tell us a friend's experience. You all gotta tell us yours. I don't know how to have a friend's experience like that. Nothing like crazy out of the box. But tell us in the third person. I was. That would be my friend. I can't. I can't. I really can. She's that buzzkill. I really can't. I really can't. You let us down. Sorry guys. Yeah. Wack. Sorry guys. Yeah, Wack. Don't invite her back. All right. Wait, who? No. What was the question like the strangest thing that ever happened to me? Yeah, gotcha. You stupid. Yeah. Yeah, like the strangest male experience that involves some kind of weird sexual endo. Either you or a friend or a friend, you know? OK, so like.  Or the other way around a girl did a dude grind no, I have a Tinder story to tell you. Oh shit No, this is like summertime. I was bored. It was like Thursday night. I was a boy's back So I was like damn board kind of want someone to come over someone on Tinder I met this guy. He turned out to be marine too. So I'm like bet with rough Marines Comes over my house. We're making out and shit and like Yeah, no, the tonsils don't is No, because the tonsils don't flung to the back of my throat That story went too fast So sorry for a tenner to your house Yeah His town so stone flew into the back  And what I had to do is spit it back in his mouth and act like men don't happen. Oh no. A ton of songs. Oh the night is my home. Did you like hanging good? What's that? Oh that's what we had. You have to go away all your free time. He didn't notice. He said you said you said you said you said you didn't like what happened. I was so he was playing it because it was completely turned off to that. I was just like, I was just like, did you wait? Did you tell him to go after it? Did you keep making up? Yeah. She took it to the stage. She took it to the stage. Wait. I'm going to wait. Ischman? I have to see it through my boy. She's like, it's going to go really well. He definitely had to see it through with that one. Yeah. That was that. So it's really my boy. After that night, I never spoke to him ever again, but the other night actually I saw after that night. After that night, I was like, I was off to my mom. I was watching my story the other night. I said, who's watching my story? Who's watching my story? I said, why?  I watched my story. He was like, why not? I was like, what is going on right now? Did he all smash again then? No, absolutely not. Oh, receipt. receipt. Was it bad? The first time? When you smash the first time was bad. It was a little tassel stone. Ain't that bad, right? I'm not calling it. It is. You'll be see she was bored on Thursday night. Yeah. She wants someone to come over. Yeah. Too late to find anybody else. Wait, my or mine got I officially give up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. First up, first up, first up, wait, you have to keep in mind that I moved here a few months ago and I didn't I have I moved here with no family. No, no, I told you. How awesome. I'm just saying I got to do it. No, I'm going to quit. What's messy? I can't. No, that was I. After going ahead, you're going. Sorry, got to go. I can't. I can't. No, that was I. After going ahead, you're going. I'm sorry, guys. Hey, you all sorry. I can't. I can't.  Where's the asteroid? Take a nap. It's time to end. That was the final. He put an asteroid in her mouth. He puts something else in her. That was easy. He puts something else in her. What's the correct word we can use? Yeah, got through. Yeah, this is all her arm. I give up. Bro, I give up. This women are beyond saving. No, that is her arm. Beyond saving. Get it. Beyonce. Beyonce. All right. That was an interesting story. Yeah, I can hold you. You dedicated for that. That was disgusting. No, it's disgusting. It's definitely what. Okay, moving on. I mean, hey, thanks for telling us the story, though. That was awesome. Great radio. Biggest in the chat. I bet you never heard no shit like that before. I don't know. I know. I know. I got the boss. I got the pretty story, but that's the thing. Yeah. Guys, do me a quick favor. I like the goddamn video, man. We're giving you a lot of entertainment, man. 8,000 plus y'all in here right now, man. You know, we got a lot of haters, you know, watching. So guys, like the goddamn video, help us the best. All right, let's go ahead. Yeah, so there was this guy that I was dating.  and you know, like later on when we was texting, he was like, you know, he want to see me fucking another nigga while he choke me. I was like, what? And he asked me for like videos of my ex's fucking me. So he All right, go ahead. Yeah. So serious. I want to make this up. Can you say that one more time for the people in case they missed the hold on. One more time. He messaged me saying that he wants to see me fucking a nigga why he choke me. Don't know why. Did he send me videos like you know, like two guys and a girl and like, one take another. I was like, well, this is a girl's dream. It was a hot of what?  I found it weird. I mean, you're like a pointy right now. So it's cold. It's very cold. Right. It's not right now. All right. Who's next? Mr. Vehicle. I'm just going to say taxi car. All right. So I had a friend. We were in class one day. We were just talking about like our sexual experience. Wait, wait, wait. Class, sorry. Middle school, high school, like, please. It was high school. It was high school. You were 18, right? It's an over. I don't remember. Yeah, I think so. Oh, the night. Yeah, she was 18. All right. Go ahead. He's not any way. He's not any way. She was talking about her sexual experiences. She was like, oh, like, you need to try this. And I was like, what? She was like, fisting. And I was like, what the fuck is that? That's lit. And I was like, where he grabbed his whole fist and just shoved it out there. I was like, bitch, what the fuck? I was like, there's no-  way that she fits inside you she's like yeah we were fist each other I was like what what each other I mean it's not that crazy of a story but I was like each other like bro are you good are you sure she wasn't talking about like fighting each other no no just full on yeah no okay cuz you want to talk about it okay I mean it's not that crazy but I was just so surprised because at that time I did not know a lot yeah I mean what the hell yeah I mean at 18 goddamn okay you just went from zero to a million I was like I'll consider it but I don't think I'm gonna do it you're an earth science science class next to you know she's like yeah you know about some butt science here and fucking yeah yeah all right uh hit she wants to hit you with the fucking she wants to hit you with the the butthole if you know what I'm saying uh shots of all my street fighter people out there and no other reference uh what about you I know you got some crazy yeah give it to oh yeah okay I actually have two stories like I have one like working as a stripper and one in Germany so  I was still in Germany. I was 16. That's all. Oh, sorry. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah. Okay, I'm cool. Sorry. So I was on a dating app, a German dating app. And then this man, he texted me. Like he keeps texting me. And I was like, why he keeps texting me? And I was like, what do you want? And he was like, I want to be your money slave. I was like, what is that? And he's like, oh, yeah, just be mean to me. And I send you money. And I was like, I was 16. And I was like, yeah, I need that. And I can be mean. So yeah. And he, we went on the Skype. And he explained, you need to do that. And take all my money. I was like, okay, I can do that. Like he just wants to be like feel like he cannot pay rent, no, nothing. So I was like, okay, I can. Make me poor. What the fuck? So he wrote me up. I've heard of that.  And he was like, he get, I got to feel my pay for. Imagine being so rich, are you at a higher chick? Bitch, I need you to make me feel poor. Right now. OK. And I gave him my paper. And he sent me the money. He sent me his rent money. And I was like, what'd you do? I was like, no, what the fuck do I have to do? He's like, just be mean. And then I kept going like six months. No, I would just be like, you're a piece of shit. What's your mean side? Wait, say like, will the voice and everything? Sit with Rossini. Yeah, Rossini. Yeah, say like how you would say it when you were talking to him. And a staring to camera, OK? Yeah, yeah. Look at that camera right there. Yeah, yeah. Oh, your pub's out there. You guys are going to get a free demonstration. Sit where your girl being mean to you, OK? And get more on her only fans. All right, go ahead. Go ahead. I was like, you're fucking piece of shit. Your dick is little, like, no girl wants you, like, what the fuck, like...  ... du nuffin, like... ... du mehn nothing. Aber... ... ich war kein Name. German, was ist das? Say the German. Say the German. Say the German. Say the German. Say the German. Say the German. Oh, in the video, you perverts! I know you guys are watching. Just go crazy right now. Oh, just... ... first go be mad out the way, Digger. Alright, there you go. Alright, first Chris Arrollen, for the chat. Alright, looking at camera, tell them to their eyes. Let them know what time it is. Say the German. You are not a bear, you are just a shit and a little twanz. You are not a bit old. You are so ugly. You are so ugly. I am really sorry. I could cut you. Like... ... that's because you have to give your money. Like, because you don't have any mission to make you laugh. Okay. Period. Period. Period. I don't even have periods in the German. I am so happy. Yeah. He does like... Look at his face. Oh, he's so ugly. Oh, my God. What is that? What city in Germany?  from light. So that's two hours from the There you know, it is her on you know what's most around about it. Germany's an Islamic country. You know that. Oh shit. Germany's an Islamic country, isn't it? No, but we have a lot of Arabs and Islamic people. If the majority of people within a country are of a particular way. I know what Haram is. Yeah, Haram. Exactly. In Shalom. Shalom. Germany's an Islamic country. These actions of Haram my dear. Should we do a new thing? What do they want to tell me? What do they want to tell me? What do they want to tell me? You don't know what Haram is? You're bringing me up a panel of girls even know what Haram is? No. What is Haram? I mean, your brother here. We know who's Haram. I'm ready to act. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is Haram. This is extremely Haram. The video. Chris.  with the 34 90 24 Yeah, it's very her own. I mean this is her own even being here right now, but All right, so what did you say in German there because I know that people are gonna want to The same thing like he has a little dick. He's not worth it. That's why he has to talk with me That's why I have to take his money because he's not worth it. What kind of man do you want to end up with in future? What's your plan for an ideal man? Oh, that's I'm curious and is he German?  like German man. Why? Why? I'm boring. Is she? Germans are born. You know what the thing that's crazy about German? German is the most literal language. So everything they say is very literal. So like, you know, like Luftwaffe, right? That means like air armor. Everything is. So if you try and have dirt, you talk in German. It's like the worst. It's the worst in the world. Because yeah, like a nipple is like a chest wart. What? What's that? It's a spot. So yeah. See? So it's super literal. So like when you're trying to describe anything that's even sexual, it's just the worst description. What is that? Chest wart. What do you call a pubic hair again? Translate in English and a literal translation. It anyway, basically all she does. She knows less German than me. The point is, it's all awful. Because it's the most literal language. And I was, I was, I've lived a very,  But I was in Munich. So I asked what you were from I was in Munich. I was in the Kupinski and this girl was cat and shit in German trying to like turn me on or whatever and I knew enough. I knew enough German to say what my chest or what the fuck? My sex stick whoa whoa what the fuck is this like it's the worst language is horrible all of it's horrible. It's good thing to always speak an Arabic in a few years and will be done. There we go. I'm telling you we're killing them off baby. We're killing them off. We're taking over. Yeah. Germany's basically a Muslim country now. Like literally if you go to Hamburg, if you go to Hamburg, you may as well speak Arabic. Yeah. You need to speak Arabic. There's no point speaking anything else. Yeah. It's full of some laman. That's why she left. That's right. Cause she wants to call me here. I had a boyfriend and my sister did you wear a burka? No. Well, that's the problem. Now look at your stripping. What happens? I've always had you wrapped up. I will spoke up with him.  I would have had you wrapped up. He was obsessed with me like obsessed. And that was crazy. That was not funny. Why? Like, I don't know. He was obsessed with me like. He like, I broke up with him and he was like stalking me telling that he's going to kill. What do you do then everything like it was now? I mean, so don't say words like, you know, K. Unlive. Unlive. That's your honor. I don't even want to do this honor thing anymore. I'm out. It's a waste of my time. What about you? Mine is just like a little funny, like a little funky. I like made a new friend in grad school and he texted me one day. He was like, Yo, Chris, oh, he's like, Yo, Christine. Can I borrow your bed sheets? And I was like, OK. Gosh, you're sleeping.  What? Okay. This is fake. He's good. It's only this in the half of these stories. It's hurt in my brain. I mean, you know what, the thing is, listen, good ladies. I know this is the first time I've met many of you, but I'm like, I'm a hyper professional. So you don't realize you're trying to tell the story. And even in the first sentence, I've already deduced the whole story. I was in grad school, I made a new friend. Okay, so some dudes try to fuck you. Like, that's the beginning of it. Why did you say your friend? He's never been your friend. You talked to a creep. Yeah. Like, finish the story. Was he a creep? Yeah. Yeah. So here we are from the very beginning of the first sentence. I'm like, well, duh. How the fuck you falling for this shit? Bro, if I was a chick, my, my game would be out of radar laser tight. I know all of it. All of it. I want to be your friend. Fuck off, Mr. Betch. No, sir. No, but he was like, my family is visiting. So I just need like us extra pair of bed sheets or something. Did you give them to him? I did. Oh, I knew.  So you give this guy the bedsheets then what happened? Um, he I guess he washed them and he gave him back to me. What? That's all he didn't wash them. He had a good night. He didn't have to be used. Bruh. What? No, he had a good one. You took the bat. You took the bat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We've never done that before. Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Did you use the sheets again? They're in my trunk. Oh, no. You still have them. Bro, that was the most anti-climatic story I've ever heard. You let off the sheets. It's nothing. That's the Tuesday for most people. You know what? I have. I have. I have a worse story than most of these girls involving a dude.  Let's do it. So I got a story after you. I got one too. All right. They're going to have to carry this again. We give you guys a chance. We have to carry this. We like to video. We have five point four K likes. We're going to get to tell a story. So let me know. I can't know my sorry. Some gay guy was some gay guy got obsessed. Right. At the height of my fight career, I was kickboxing. I'm fighting all around the world. And there's this gay guy who starts messaging me on Facebook. Because I'm an old man. So I was fighting about 10, 11 years ago. I was just going to start messaging on Facebook. Hey, Tay, you're the best fighter that I'm like, yeah, thanks, gee. Yeah, you're the best at it. I was wondering have you ever beat a guy up and fucked him? I was on. Here, here, here we go. So it's like, hey, have you ever beat a guy up? And it's sex with him that would you, how much, how much would I have to pay for you to beat me up? And I said to me, I'm so gay, someone needs to beat me up badly. Please, do you beat guys up and make them have sex? You're so alpha, you're so straight that it all this shit. How much? You're so straight. Yeah, I know. Weird. I want you're after your training, your...  what? It's shirt, bed sheets kind of moves. He's like, hey, how much for that? That anyway. So I'm like, listen, fuck off your word. So I'd block him on, I'd block him on Facebook and he'd keep making you sound. Did you sell the t-shirt though? I sure, you know, I'd, bro, if I needed money and I'd I'd still live in selling my t-shirt. Anyway, so I blocked him on Facebook. He can't make a new account, kept messaging me all this kind of crazy crap. Anyway, but how like, yeah, all this stuff. Then about six months after this, and when I say this guy messaged me every day, I mean, every day with some new elaborate story and they were really elaborate really long. I'm walking down the street on the way to the shops and then I'm going to buy some milk and you look over my shoulder and you see I've looked at gay porn on my phone so you beat me up in the store. Like this crazy, crazy story where I beat the guy up and then I end up falling in love with him. Anyway, so anyway, I'm totally ignoring this guy. Everything's fine with my life. Another weirdo online. No big deal. Then I'm fighting to defend my world title.  fight and I'm defending to fight to defend my Royal titles in Brighton, England. I'm at the back and anyone who's fought professionally knows that the scariest part of fighting isn't the actual fighting. It's when you're waiting to fight. You're sitting at the back and you're like, come on, it's like waiting for a car crash. It's like, oh, fucking hurry up. So I'm sitting at the back, sitting at the back, sitting at the back. And I always used to sit on my phone to distract myself. I'm sitting on my phone, boom, and I get a message from this dude. And it's a picture of the ring. Oh, I'm about to fight it. And I'm like, no, I'm like, no way he's out there. This guy is out in the crowd. No way. I'm like, okay, well, he can't really get me. I'm more scared of him than my partner. He's stalking me for ages. So I swear to God and I'll find the video. It's the only world title fight where I'm walking to the ring and I'm walking kind of like, I'm looking around. Because I don't know what he looks like. I mean, he could be anyone. He could be anyone. I still want to fight, right? But I actually swear to God that's been a tag that was in between around.  Like I walked the jab I jab them and I I walked step back and I was literally I swear to God I was thinking That dude must be fucking It was weird I was fighting and worried about some raging homo 10 meters from me Strange strange strange and after that I stopped advertising my fight told faith You know shout out to all the guys out there that choose the alternative lifestyle No, no offense to you guys, but come on man. He's that our sexual guy man. You know come on man. Pick and choose your battles guys You want to go first on me? Oh, all right. I'll tell my I'll tell my story so I think I've only told this one on patreon so all right This girl, right that then I used to Talk to and you know, she's she's pretty famous in her home state I won't say the home state, but she's a pretty famous dancer slash OF content creator And her play in her location of business, right? And there's this guy now come into her club and say hey listen Need you to poop in this bag  and give it to me every week. But you gotta be on a vegan diet. And she's like, okay, so she gives him, and he wanted it hot. So he goes to the spot that she works at, he pick up the bag, okay? And just for purposes of YouTube, I'm going to use certain words so that I don't get triggered. All right, I don't alert the YouTube I'll go. And you get the bag and you pay her like 2K a week. So this chick is like making like 8K a month, just for pooping the bags, it's crazy, right? And then one day she's like, you know what, fuck this shit. Okay, some goddamn chicken wings. This vegan diet sucks. Cause anybody that's been on a vegan diet, I'll tell you how to get this shit trash. The food is gross, man, y'all vegan's man, shout to you guys, man, you guys love animals and everything. But bro, vegan food, fucking sucks. I'm just gonna say it. I already know what's going to happen right now. I'm gonna hit with, get hit with all the, publicly crap people with the, how do you, yeah. Oh my god. Well anyway, vegan food sucks. I've said it, it is what it is. It tastes horrible. But you know, I did feel good when I was on a vegan diet, but I lost some ass. The point is,  So she said, fuck this shit. I'm gonna eat chicken wings. The dude comes in, takes the bag from her, eats it, right? Whatever the hell. He calls her back. Bitch, you had chicken. I could taste it. And I was like, what the hell? And he cut her off, bro. He cut her off. He stopped, he stopped fucking. I'm sorry, I'm talking about it. Oh. And he knew. The yaw, bro. Yeah, and he fired her. So yeah, she, she had a job. That is a professional man. I like that he takes this job seriously. There he is. Wow. Sure, I'll do a stop on this. That is crazy. Wow. Yeah, guys, shout out to all my vegan ninjas out there. We shout out to all my people out there that like chicken wings as well. No. That story was crazy. Oh, man. Okay, fresh. You want to check? That was, I actually know the girl too, which is funny. Yeah, I mean, yeah. She looks really cool. Check. Yeah, she's cool. Really, really down her. Yeah, that was a. So, my, my is not as elaborate as that one. Okay. But, um, please work at 18.  I'm not sure where he's to work. Hey, so where are we going to be right? AT&T, Daga. And I used to over. Civic, tall calls. I want my coworkers, right? One day his car broke down, so he needed to write home. So Mark, what got you? But don't worry, man, you. It's like 11 at night. So we're going home. He's at Yale, bro. You're going to meet my girlfriend. She's super cool. I'm like, I could cool whatever, whatever. So we put this house, right? There's two parking spots. Both of them, like, bro, is in your car here? Oh, no, no, it's not here. He's got some other people coming to my house. I'm like, whether you're a house. Oh, they're friends of my girl. Sorry, cool, whatever. I just part by the side. We walk inside. And I go to his, like, live room, right? So we're there waiting, whatever. And then I'm just chilling for a little bit. And then his girl walks in. I'm like, OK, cool. Man is fresh, whatever, boom, boom. That nice to meet you. And then I see her pull out a book. And it's a book of names all across though. And I'm like, what is this? What? Oh, that's my girl's book. I know, but like, what are these names? Like, all the guys that come to see her. I'm like, what? So.  my you back then back page was a thing. So what happened was like when he was working at a job, she will have guys come to the crib and they would smash. And sure everybody's name and crocs it up. And let me say that book was full of pages like from start to finish. I was disgusted. And I asked him bro, why are you doing your girl do this? He was like yo, extra money. And that's work for me. The road's off for me bro. I was disgusted. So my you your girl is going to explode every single day. And you're at work and she's like with random dudes from back page. That was crazy bro. Oh wow. That was crazy. And that's the ball. But that moment I didn't know how thirsty they could think of this word because like bro this chick was not pretty at all. Oh really? Yeah, but did she chicken? All right man, that was that was fucking.  There's going through those stories, man guys like the goddamn video and then now we're going to turn to ladies to grill the guys Okay, you know as you guys know we grill you guys quite a bit not girl chicken in this case But you guys have any questions for the guys on the panel or maybe a male perspective on something you got a multi-manor Four-time kickboxy world champion over here. You got a Bayesian guy over here and then you got some random Arab dude here that puts on multiple cultural hats Yeah, what's up? Questions we're here and last thoughts. Oh wait, hold on. You know what? Let's open up the phone lines They heard all the crazy stories guys phone lines are open. Okay, the number is 505 605 9740 again that number is do we still have it up? Okay 505 605 9740 as you guys know on Fridays we do calling shows So yeah, we can interact with you all a little bit and take some phone calls. Yeah, like the first 10 5, you know, okay All right, so and then guys if you want to cut the line Superchat the last four digits of your number and Chris  We'll put you to the head of the queue. All right. Muhammad Neul Hassan, Tate's mind hacks, unlimited motivation video was a game changer for me. I hope I can meet him one day after joining the war room. Thank you, sir, for your contribution to men, hashtag, we're on join, take action, guys. We got a link also for the war room as well in the top of the description. Christian Fajray, here is the thing, guys, those countries with strict immigration policies don't have a colonial past. The Western countries colonize the world. For instance, I'm from Cameroon, French colony, they stole. OK? 20 bucks, Pepsi, heavy tits. OK? This is my first time seeing Andrew Tate without sunglasses. He is sexy AF. Andrew, you want to drop your Instagram for her? It's a her, it's a her right. I don't know. No, no, no, no. It's an out. It's an out. No, no, no, no. Don't listen. Next time it's I ever happens to be again, I'm getting out the ring. Why? Why? Cobret takes you, B-R-A-T-A-Z. And it's a verified account so you'll know it's him, OK? Christian, there we go. Christian Fajray. Cudges like Korea, Japan don't have centuries.  of looting like England or the US. So it's okay for them to be and to be conservative. Okay. We got the Westpilt society. And that's the fact. Pill Cosby. Okay. With the bill Cosby photo. Here we go. Strange story. I made this girl out about one to smash. So I went and did my regular retune, Wing-Wink. Took her home, got to business and mid-session. She wakes up and says, you're paying for it, Bill. What? So she was a prostitute. He didn't know that? No, no. Pill Cosby. He's pretending he's Bill Cosby. Yes. Oh, never mind Bill. That's what we're there. They don't know the, they don't know that. I definitely, they're going to show Jarky. I mean, that's way, but 23. That's way more time. Who are you? The show is like the 80s and 90s, man. Early, late 80s, early 90s. The internet is so weird. Who are these people? Bro, we got so many trolls. FBI showed up. Bill Cosby's in here. FBI. Where's that ass joy? No, it's an ass. We're just being...  I can't call where's that asteroid. Yo, ya'll got me dead, bro. Okay, 20 bucks, Tyson asked Andrew look like he was fed up with the entire male gender after hearing all of those stories. And then here's Andrew right here. Where's that asteroid? I have give up. This is how wrong. You'll cope with it. Let me just make that account down. You'll cope with it. Beyonce, I just ordered walkie talkies. Now I need to find a hyena to Ebony. When I get them DSLs, you can't use those whole hands. You will make my baby maker look small with that orangutan grip. You still bad. Hashtag no sipping over here. Who is he talking to? Who is he talking to? Who is he talking to? You. I don't know. Real talk. I think this thing is named as jigsaw, bro. Like. What's up? Okay, what else do we got? Okay, there we go. Jesse Salazar take. Don't know if my last SC went through. What do you think it takes to become a man of your grit and masculinity? I've never strived to become such a man as you. So I discovered you.  I use my credit card to buy this, give me a dime to Marco. I got you, bro. You got to invest in yourself, but you got to get a hustler's university, my friend, if you want to really invest in money. But go ahead, Andrew. No. You nailed it. Marco, Marco. I've said this before, and I'm going to say it again, it's the same answer that I gave over and over again. A female, the best you can hope for for a female is for to have a nice happy life. Trauma doesn't really add to the benefit of a female. A female doesn't need trauma to go into a respectable person. You can have a nice, varied, enjoyable life. As a man, you need to go through trauma. You need to go through difficult periods. You need to go through things which are extremely uncomfortable to become any kind of man of value. Every single woman on this panel, if you were to ask her to describe the kind of man she wants, she would describe a man who she thinks makes her feel safe, who is dominating, who is smart, who is charismatic, who is interesting, et cetera. You cannot be all of those things by accident. Any man who grows up with a very, very easy life, who never goes through anything, who's born with a silver spoon in his mouth is the exact kind of punk bitch.  these women don't want to touch, right? As a man, you need to suffer and you will survive and you need to internalize it, not become a weirdo, except that the trauma is gonna make you strong enough to become the kind of man that's respected by society and you need to use it for your own advantage. Every single man out here, the man that you're gonna love the most has been through the most crap. So our women love gangsters. He's been through a bunch. Is this he's been shot? This guy's been shot, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. As a man, if you have not been through extremely difficult processes, you're never gonna be a high value man. So when you ask me that question, the answer is an answer you're not hoping for. Because likely you've been avoiding trauma your whole life. If you weren't already avoiding trauma, you wouldn't already be a fucking punk. Because you can find trauma yourself. You can go get in the boxing ring and go get in the cage. You could go to war, you could join the Marines, you could do a whole bunch of stuff, but you don't wanna do any of it, right? And you're hoping I'm gonna give you some quick fix. There is no quick fix, there is no replication, there is no way you can falsify on a long enough timeline. To convince anybody on any serious level.  that you are about it unless you're actually fucking about it. So the answer is, if you want to be a man of distinction, you need to go and suffer. That's your answer. There you go. Oh, yeah. Oh, damn. Yeah, the reality is, guys, I say this to all the fat people as well that want to lose weight quickly. There's no short term solution to long term problems. OK. You need a long term solution to fix long term problems. That's the reality. Correct. All right, guys. Question for you. First, phone lines on the app dollars. OK. So let's hit the phone lines. And lucky, 457, 457, 4, you're on the fresh for the past. We're Andrew Tate. And I love the ladies. What's up? What's your question or comments? Going on. Going on, man. Yeah, what up? Hey, I'm just going to say I got my two favorite red pill content creators and that's Coles Greg Adams and 33 secrets. So my question is to you guys. Why are you guys having a body of 33 seat rates?  I mean, we're not opposed to working on other guys, bro. And just, you know, we have a very busy schedule. So it is what it is. But now, man, if you reach out, whatever we can maybe, maybe, maybe make something happen. Tell them to come. Yeah. All right. Next. It's 7-0, 5-2. Shout out to 33, see you guys. Go subscribe to this YouTube channel. It puts out good information. He does. Yeah, shout out to him. And shout out to coach Green Adams as well. That's one of our homies. Go get the free edge of life now. Coach gang in the building. Hey man, we show love to everybody, bro. Who's up next? 7-0, 5-2. 7-0, 5-2. You're on air. What's that color? What you got to say? Go on once. Go on twice. Sold. 0-9-9-0. 0-9-0. 0-9-0. Yep. Yo, what up? Welcome to the pressure park, guys. We can hear you. We're chilling, man. Hi, y'all doing tonight. We're chilling, man. Great day. Great night. I've been watching you guys since you had better bachelor on. OK. Cool. But it's been a minute, but.  I got a question for the ladies because I'll be watching you all and I notice that they do a lot of Smiling and grinning on some of these questions. Yeah, and I'm really wondering how many of these women are really taking this stuff serious Zero In terms of what taking what serious like what do you say? Just just any of the questions that are asked y'all you know, you know As far as you know, just just any of the questions, you know, because y'all be laughing at a lot of this stuff I mean do you expect us to be ballin' our eyes out when people go against? Well, I'm not expecting you to be ballin' your eyes out, but I mean it's just You know men man man really do have it hard and y'all think it's a lot of times I'm looking y'all like and y'all be taking it like it's a joke We told I'm sorry do I'm gonna suck your toes  We take everything with a grain of salt. Yeah, literally everything's with a grain of salt. Fill me like we could care less about my face. You say what you want to say about females, you know what I'm saying? I'm a type person that everybody has their own journey. You feel what you feel. And if I'm not feeling what I feel with you, who's to say I have to break it up? It's all I have. You'll never know with them. I have. You'll never know what you said bother me because I keep a straight face. It's called discipline. Fill me. It's called scumareens. I think it's summer. I'm like a pack and then then unhappy because you would rather have the bag to have a man. Have the what the bag before a man. You can get both. I mean, you can get both. What the thing is, I am my bag and I don't need no man. Here you. You know what I'm saying? The same. I'm a grown-ass woman. I get my own bag. I don't need no man. I've been single. I'm actually divorced in 23. Thank you so much. 23. Call her. I kind of let that play out because I wanted you to see it.  with your own two eyes and experience it, that women really don't give a fuck about your struggles, bro. They wait at the finish line and pick the winners, bro. That's the cold, hard reality that I want guys to understand that watch and listen to our podcasts. Like, here's the thing, bro. We definitely have shows where we talk about getting over RP rage. We talk about overcoming obstacles as a man. We talk about overcoming sadness, depression, whatever it is. And we give you all the cold, hard truth, because you just saw from their reaction right there. Yeah. They don't give a fuck. They don't give a fuck. And like, and that was there, that was their hard instinct to literally shit there clown you. Rostrate on you in front of everybody and not give a fuck. And I let it play out because I want you to experience it. First hand, live that women really don't give a fuck about men guys. They care about a small percentage of men that become something. If you're a loser, you're invisible to women. And that's the cold, hard reality. I mean, Andrew talked about this at length. Since the beginning of time, only about 40% of men have procreated. Whereas about over 90% of women have procreated. What does that tell you, bro? Women have no problem. Exercise, he men outside of the sexual.  marketplace and allowing them to procreate. They don't go fuck. They're gonna pick the best. So with that said you have a choice to me You can either a adapt to the cold hard situation and become better or be you can you know kind of sit there and be like Yo, well you guys should give me some sympathy whatever. Yeah, they'll give you the low sob thing. Oh, you know, it's okay You know they'll play this shit But then they're gonna laugh behind your back say you're a fucking pussy and go suck the chat, bro That's the reality of the world man, and I get it You know, I'm saying like so many guys want to be able to give girls a piece of their mind and you stupid bitch You're gonna stay single and blah blah blah That sounds great on paper guys, but women rarely suffer the consequences of their bad mistakes Early in their life when they're still young and beautiful. They're gonna get everything they want Make us with boats money, etc All these girls have told you they've been invited to exclusive parties You know what I'm saying and they're all in their 20s. What do you think you think? Oh, we're gonna get invited to that shit No girls have it easy up front right not no offense you ladies But women are born millionaires and die poor if they don't get married to the right guy men  are born poor and only become rich if they put in the work. That's the reality, man. So, you know, I don't mean to go on a rant here, but I really wanted to like illustrate just naturally at like what happens when a man tries to get a woman to sympathize with their reality. They don't give a fuck, bro. And you just saw it just now. My thing is, why do you care if you get what you want? For me, so I don't know, brother. Yeah. But no, man, thanks for calling it to the show, bro. And I didn't mean to like, you know, put you down there, but I just got to keep it road, man. All right. Uh, 7-0, 5-2. All right. Let's go. And fast. Damn. I think I was your girl. That call that. He's gonna sell that jar for extra. I put on the freshman podcast. I'll kiss him. Who did this guy to pay extra? That's what. Wait, I'm just gonna go dead. Wait, Mo.  Mo that was you. No, it does. Mo A will be there. Yeah. Let me. Okay. I read this super chat real quick. Outside opinion. 100 bucks. Shout out to Chris and his forehead. My almost miss me earlier. Never thought I'd get both my Ron and fresh to read my chat and both F up. Shout Tim cast. IRL and better bachelor y'all y'all's collabs are why I started watching and you completely took over my YouTube. Thank you so much. We're going to be back on Tim cast this month, guys. I'll have a solid day for you guys very soon, but we're going to go back on Tim cast. We're going to discuss some criminal cases. What's up? All right. What? What's the event? Oh, that's the third. That's next week. Tim cast a week after. Oh, we're good. Good. Good. Yeah, we make us some moves behind the scenes for you guys. All right, next call. A Ford 95. Hey, guys, you got some love of the ladies on the panel. You got Andrew take on the panel man. So feel free to, you know, talk to them. Go ahead. Yeah, can I hear me? What's up, man? Want to make a podcast? What's your question or comment?  Yeah, as long as we're not what your thoughts are, I'm not a girl, but I'm crack a fool. I'm no jumper talking shit about you. We have no clue who you're talking about. Oh, yeah. Oh, are you talking about like the big wrong guy? Big bomb. There's a big one. That rapper fool from no jumper. He was talking shit. Okay, we don't care, bro. I mean, at this point everyone is talking about us, man. Yeah. It's holidays. No, that's just foul because he went to your studio. You're on by them. They're home. That's foul. I mean, well, now you now you see kind of how people move, bro, and you got a choice to make you know, you gone. You know, All right, we would never do that to somebody, but it is what it is. If people talk to my son about us, it is what is it? This point is just that at this point, bro, you got to understand I've come to realize this. Every time we we trend on the internet, for example, we had the thing academics with the girl on the blicky, right? Prior to that, we were viral for me saying women don't want to trust someone.  without being a traditional woman prior to that. You know, we want viral spiritual worlds on spiritual worlds. You know what I'm saying? Shade room. Like we've went viral so many times, we'll start hip-hop, etc. Any time we spike in the algorithm or people start like seeing us trending, they immediately make a hit piece on us or start talking about us, bro. So whatever, man, it's a business move. It is what it is. People will just are attacking us to attack at this point. So we don't know who all the detractors are. Yeah, I mean, it's a holiday, you know, it's what it is. Yeah, man, we keep it a positive over here, bro. All right, anything else? Yes, sir. Keep it up. Thank you, man. We're going to keep giving you this heat, man. Appreciate the support. Our zero, one, a four. What's up, caller? Oh, yes. Hello. Oh, yes. Yes. This is going to be a good one. What's up, man? Hello. Yes, I'm fresh and fit. You guys look awesome. I just wanted to know, entertain. How does it feel to be in a showroom? Shade room, we've got this. You do have that car. What do you mean? It's.  I shot it. What do you think I lied to you? No, I didn't. Do you think I lie? No, no, it's genuine. You think I lied, I didn't lie. So it's not an if. You have to be very precise with your language. I'm going to give you. I'm going to answer a different question for you. I'm going to tell you something else. The biggest mistake people make on earth is usually language related. The first thing is the way they are right. Even these phone calls. Most of you cannot speak. You cannot speak concisely. You cannot speak correctly. You cannot translate the ideas inside of your mind into the ideas of someone else's mind in a succinct manner. So you need to practice speaking. Most of you can't even speak English. I mean that. I do not consider you. I do not consider you English speakers. It's so bad. That's the first thing. The second thing needs to be very, very careful the words you use. Don't use the word if. Unless you mean it. I take that as an insult. I take that as a direct attack. Attack me or your imprecise with your language and it was an accident. Both of which are unprofessional.  So for that reason, I'm not gonna answer your question. There you go. I call it a red. And here's the thing. I'll tell you this, caller, because a lot of people ask me about this. Hey, Marin, how are you able to speak so confidently? Well, that comes from my, from my law enforcement background. When I, when I ran cases, you'd have to get out in front of a board and you'd be able to, you'd have to tell them, hey, I need you guys to stage at this side of the house and you guys to do this. Hey, this is the person. This is the picture. What he looks like. Always speak in the active voice. Okay. If I'm going to keep it nice and simple English class for you guys. Especially when you deal with women, you need to speak in the active voice. Second, no, I feel like I think if none of this like, you know, halfway language, it's got to be deliberate, concise and to the fucking point. All right, man, that will help you immensely, especially when you communicate with women, bro. Women need a leader and they look for a leader. When you use language that is unsure, they're not going to be sure about you. All right. So always active voice, especially when you talk to women and then when you address other guys. You know, they might take your unsure is your pussy, bro.  As Andrew just identified just now. So always speaking to the active voice of my man, say what you mean and mean what you say. All right, all right. Two, three, five, five. Two, three, five, you're on the air. Welcome to Fresh Repugge. Hello, how are you guys doing today? What's up, man? Hey. I just wanted to call in. I tried to call in at the earlier show just to give you guys my support. I know you guys have been going through some shit, but you know what? I salute you guys. You have the army of haters and you guys still just fight through it. Stay on top of your game. That is admirable. Thanks, bro. All right, dude, thank you for the support, man. I appreciate it, bro. Obviously this always happens. Like make a hitter video and then they all come and just like the video and talk shit and say we're frauds. And then that happens for a bit and then they go back. And then we go training again, then they come back and talk more shit. I'm starting to see the rhythm here and the pattern. This part  the game. It's part of the game, bro. It's annoying. But it's a late nothing. Who would do I want to I'm a positive I'm a positive note. I got a question for Andrew T go for it. Can you bring up the story about Luke the man again? That's it. What's hilarious? Oh, Luke the man. Yeah, that's a good story. But I don't I don't like repeating my stories. But it's out there on one of the other freshen fits. But yeah, Luke the man was the man. Luke the man originally was the man. You know, I'd love to know what happens to Luke the man because I'm pretty sure by now he's man. He must probably shacked up with some fat bitch. But Luke the man was the man. That's another episode. You'll have to watch one of my old freshen fits to find out. Check out the last episode. He breaks down Luke the man. Actually, we probably have a timestamp on that man. So yeah, man, go check that episode out guys. If you want, but hey, we got a bunch of people on the line. So so we're going to move on. Thank you so much for the sport, bro. Like I said, man, you guys are showing crazy love and you guys are the cold to the furnace. And then guys, if you want to skip the line, by the way.  Center Super Chatting with your four the last four they just of your number and then we're gonna prioritize Yes, the lowest and then we'll go back to regular phone lines after super chats 20 up no like two bucks, you know No, I mean if they donate with the number broke Yeah, we'll take care of it by number a couple more. Yeah, all right. Let's go three five five three all right Go ahead three five five three remember guys. We got some like ladies on the panel Andrew Yo Thank you Shout to you bro, thank you for the love and support We're way so slow dog. We're so slow bro. No, he's high next Fair enough What Look at you hot, okay, no make all the support  7a4 Lisa lean it back just chillin. Yeah, I'm gonna shit shot the bro. A7's a4 go once. Twice. All right. All right. 4 74770. Go ahead man. You're on air. My red. All right. I guess that one is sold as well. No answer. Yeah. Guys, by the way, Blob Talk Radio is closed now, but if you called in before, you are now in the queue. So you got your spot locked. 890. 890. Oh, you're trying to find it. Okay. And then we got 3460 as well. Honey, your friends call in and roast Chris man. That should be funny. Yeah. I know. Oh, man. Let's see. All right. Let's final. Let's try 5, 6, 7, 1. All right. 5, 6, 7, 1. What's up? Yo, yo, Keanu. Got you. My question was, because like lately, I've missing like there.  I'm not going to speak. I've seen like this lady like try to challenge challenge a guy like to a fight and she just got scorned out. I've been wondering like why are women out here like why do they question or just don't know the damage a man can really enact upon them. Let's ask the ladies. Have you ever challenged a guy to a fight or do you think you could fight a guy? No. No. It depends. No. Okay. It depends. Tell it. Uh, Germany. You look like you will fuck somebody up. No. No. I could go, but I know I'm going to lose because at the end of the man. Okay. What about you, Miss Cuba? I mean, I have a little experience in fighting. Not too much. Not a man though. But like if he's like the same size as me type shit like I could be that I know a couple of takedowns type. Okay. Not too much, but yeah. I mean, duh.  Got got got do dozen takedowns and my the ball. No, no, I used to do kickboxing for a couple months. Okay, I can defend myself But I'm not gonna challenge someone that I can't that I know I'm not gonna be him For sure not Definitely not especially because he has won a couple fights like I don't know how many like I mean he's a war champion. I write exactly. He's a war champion definitely not Only did kickboxing and more time for a couple months Months literally that's why I'm saying like no I don't put my hands on guys, but I'll just pay niggas to the speed him up if he hit me What about you Miss Marine? Yeah, I don't really fight man. I mean I have like when I was doing Make map and shit like that  I was pretend, but like in real life, I would never hit a man, but it's like. Question, did the military make you aware of the force that men really have and make you understand that you can't compete with one? Mm, kind of. Wake you up, okay. Yeah, all right. But I never really was like, oh my god, damn, I'm so scared to leave my house. A man's gonna knock me out one day. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, I didn't like, like, did it like put into perspective like how physically and fear women really are to men. I don't wanna say that to be sexist or anything, but it's true. It's true. Not really, because I never, I never really ever experienced a man hitting me full force. It was always like an enroll when you were a trainer. It was always training, you know what I'm saying? I thought, so they took it easy on you when you're on a press conference. It was like training, like, okay, this is what you do. Take the arm and fucking, it was just like, okay, this is right now. I like you show me right now what you learn. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What is it? I'm gonna stick out microphones. Are you gonna do this? What you're doing? I'm really curious. Like what you take my arm. I have a dress on. So sorry. Take my arm and beat me up on to see this. I'm really curious. No, no, you do this.  I'm gonna take down on him. He ain't gonna do it on you. He's not enough room for that, just saying. No, there definitely is. Next color. Oh. No. She's sick, you know. All right. What about you? No. Have you ever tried to fight a guy? No. No, not a real life. No, not like actually for real for real. I mean, I'm a big girl, so I've slapped boxed in, you know. Just slapped boxed. Yeah. Well, that's maybe like my freaky story. Maybe that's maybe my freaky story. Oh, okay. Slap box in the guy he liked. Man, that was funny. He was on his this, bro. Get him out of here. Get him out of here. Get him out of here. What? Get him out of here. Get him out of here. Get him out of here. I'll be back. All right. What about you, Chewie? I'm tiny as hell, so no, I would never try to hit a guy. I don't even think I could. All right. What about you, Miss Panningus down? I'm sure me, I've hit a couple guys before. And what happened?  Like they never, it was always in like, okay, so some were in defense because I'm so skinny and certain actions or whatever. I'll cut somebody out, but they always feel like they came put their hands on me. So I would defend myself. And then there was that one time I'd like really punched the shit out of my ex. And it was more so like, I feel like you're trying me. So it was like an entitlement in me, but I've learned not to put my hands on people like, I'm not going to challenge nobody no more. I just like, I'm like, I respect the shit out of you. Didn't he somebody? No, he never hit me back, but it was just the simple fact of he he walked away from it, but it was the simple fact of he was like, you just really like violated what if I retaliated and really hit the hell out of you. Now you're crying, calling police, trying to put me for domestic violence and how like a lot of girls do, they provoke the man, they hit the man, beat on him when he retaliated.  he is not calling that one. Oh my God. You lucky, bro. Most people want to take a nash hit like, oh really? Get over here. And then next thing you know, it's like, the wish is true. And then it's a wrap when the cops show up, bro. Then it got up literally. Yeah, you played there. I played the patient first thing, but never again. I'm on with the soundboard, living in the West. Not like it's funny. I really like it. And then it's like a, what is it, misogyny or? I got you on that side of it. Massagan. If they hit you back, but it's I would never, personally, I would never for my hands, really, you should put otherwise on a man. I know self defense moves. That's about it. If I really needed to. Do you want to try it on, Andrew? You show us self defense. Can you show it? So you can't. There's time for female. There's rule. No, no, no, no. Female self defense is a fallacy. It's not real. Every like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, break down Andrew. Female self defense.  is preventing yourself from being in a situation where you're attacked. Female self defense is hiding. Female self defense is not combat. Nothing you can learn in any class is going to give you a smidgen of a chance against an actual dude who's about violence. If you go to any class and they're convincing you that you're going to learn something that's going to help you, they are wasting your time and money. There is nothing any of you women could learn for the next 10 years that prevent me or a guy in my size doing whatever he wants. What is that quote? I have a question. I have a question. One at a time. Alright, one at a time. One at a time. We will start with, I think Miss Germany had her hand up first. You can start first. Who else wanted to go? Just so I can. You know what I mean with that black guy teaching people how to start. Yeah. He's like, you're like, turn this way. Turn this way. Turn this way.  I just want to get an idea because again, ladies, the reason why it's one out of time is so that we can actually hear you and good have good discussion. All right, Miss Germany. What's up? Okay, I never tried it, but in my hand. It's a technique. It's called the final solution. The finger in the butt. You think you would let go. The way what? Like, you try to see that in the U station. I never tried it. Oh, wow. You think you will let go. You know what the problem is, you know, the problem is with actual genuine violence. Most of your girls don't anticipate how quickly you'd be dispatched. You think it'd be like a struggle. If a dude smashes you in the face, but actually grabs you by the hair and hits you once, maximum twice, you now need a hospital. Your cheeks broken, your jaws broken, your brain's bleeding, your incongestion. If I wanted to put my hands around it, if a man like me puts hand around a girl neck and squeezes her as he could, she has maybe 40.  five seconds of life left. That's it. But you're thinking it's going to be some struggle, some shit like a Hollywood movie. It will take two or three seconds max to dispatch any of you. If a guy was actually trying to hurt you for real, not trying to slap you, not trying to teach you a lesson, actually trying to actually hurt you. You have no idea. You wouldn't stay. I'm not sure. But that's not the only thing that I'm not. Maybe one at a time. So she was next. I have a question. Okay. So you're saying a man like you. So some guys don't even know how to throw an actual punch. Doesn't matter. They're too big and they're too heavy. They're too heavy. But let's say you watch UFC, right? I'm guessing. Not really. I fall. Oh, he's a watch. All right. So one of my favorite fighters for females is Zhang. So let's say someone even half has good as Zhang. You think you could go against. So if you took a girl who is one of the best fighters in the world, are you? No, no, no, no. If you go girl who's one of the best in the world, you took one of these female fighters.  If she met a man who was smaller than her and he didn't expect her to have some hands, maybe you could catch him once or twice and run. But the truth is that most females are physically smaller than men. The point is that- That doesn't matter. Listen to me. Please let him finish. And then you can make your- If a 250 pound man, 300 pound man, even against the best woman in the world who's 130, 140 pounds, there's weight classes for a reason. You think this is going to be a fair fight like the UFC? You think he's also going to grip her up? Grab her by her fucking jacket, lift her up over his slamer on the concrete. It's different. Violence is different than fighting. And true violence is nasty and is ugly. And the idea that you're going to be able to do this, to do that, or just kick him in the balls, none of that is real. None of that is real on any level. Now you're talking about a UFC fight and girl. Maybe if you're the one of the most highly trained UFC fighting females, maybe four names you can name on the planet. Maybe there are some men in your own size you might be able to hit and be. But that- But you're talking about a complete anomaly. That doesn't disprove the rule. The rule is you're saying most men don't-  out of thorough punch. Let me tell you something about punching any idiot on the street. If he swings as hard as he can and hits you in the face, it's going to hurt. Not knowing how to throw a punch is about landing it. It's about technique, right? You don't know how to slip a punch. So it doesn't mean it different to me. It's not to make thorough punch. He's going to hit you anyway. You don't know how to slip dodge counter. You don't have no moves. So what he did to the haymaker. You're going to go ahead. You're going to take it right in your mouth and you're going to fall over. Another thing you have to understand, most of you women, a lot of men who have been around the block, we've a propensity to violence. If you hit me in the face, I'm not going to panic. I've been hit in the face. I've been hurt. Most of you have never even been hit. You've never been gripped up. Never been how to man grab you. You never felt a man's strength. You think you felt a man's strength during a little bit of sex. That was a fraction of it. You don't know how strong a man is. It's like getting grabbed by a lion. It's like getting hit by a car. If a real man were to grab you, it would be feel like a car hit you. You'd be like, what the fuck? You'd be on the floor and you'd be a fucking mess. There's no bullshit little arm lock you learn in some Tuesday class for $15.  from some dyke that's gonna save you. It's garbage. This is why you get garbage. I knew you don't want to. That's an ad you fucking say. Okay, but who else wanted to, someone else wanted to. Wait, I wasn't gonna ask you. You weren't, okay, she wasn't finished. Go ahead. Okay, so I agree with the fact that obviously men are stronger than women biologically. But most of the time the violence occurs like, like a scene where you're not sober. So if a woman was smarter than a man, because he's intoxicated or whatever he's on, you don't think that it could, that she could overcome his like smarts, just with her wits, with some type of technique or take down. I think it definitely could happen if the man is intoxicated. You know, you got it, you got it. I mean, you're using a very particular scenario where the guys intoxicated, you're fully, you don't usually what happens. I mean, let's be honest. If you're at a bar, you're gonna be drinking too. You're gonna be intoxicated.  It's a sum level. And here's the thing, even if the guy is drunk, right? And you're fully aware, that might actually fuck you up even more because you ain't even gonna be able to tailor back a straight. You know, I'll hit you for real for real. He said that drug strength, you know, I've said, boom, boom, boom. And then you done. So like, what Andrew's simply trying to say, ladies is, do not sit there and try to square up with a man. You're going to fucking lose 99% chance. Run, leave, put yourself in situations where you aren't gonna be in that position. The last thing you want to do is be squared up with a guy run. That's all I'm trying to tell you. You know what I'm just curious. Telling you guys this for safety. If you didn't get fucked much, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Square up fight. But you know what I'm scared as part. We have to explain that. Yeah. Yeah. It's scary. Well, you got to point right? No, I was going to be in the same situation where like if a guy's intoxicated, but I guess drunk straight because they can't control it. So we're just going to go with it. It's not even just about strength. And you're thinking about fighting in a very technical way. Look, I can drink this entire bottle of vodka, right? I drink all of it. You make me angry. You attack me.  I get my left hand deep in your hair and I'm holding your hair. My right hand, your face is here. You think I want to miss? Thank you. And look at the size of my hand. Your teeth, your nose, your forehead, it's all gonna crack at once. How many times am I gonna fuck? Wack, whack, whack. How many times are you gonna hit you in the face under your whole face? God damn. Thank you for the sense. It's over. It's over. It's done, bro. It's done, it's done to this, oh yeah, but he's drunk so I can use my ninja technique. Bullshit. It's not real. It's not real. I'm just very strong lady. And I'm like, what do my thoughts do? Get a gun. Get a gun. This one's better. This one's better than that. This one's better than that. This one's better than that. This one's better than that. I can actually, I can actually agree with the guys because yeah, I've had a guy before, but it was more so entitlement. I was in the relationship with that person. I felt like, oh, you're not gonna hit me. You love me. But I was also in a situation where I really didn't do nothing. It was over a shirt, full got mad, this, that, and that. Sure. It was like a shirt.  And he thought that I was, cause they had something to do with family. And I didn't really, it was real stupid, but just the way he grabbed me, I couldn't really defend myself. And then he slammed me in my car. So it was just like, I end up fractioning the ribbon everything, but I tried my best to defend myself, but once a guy is able to just grab you, it's over, it's fucking over. You can't do shit about it. And it's like you could try your best, screen cake, do whatever you wanna do, but once he has a certain type of control, it'll be your hair, your arms, things like that. You lose, just like that. So if you don't have no taser, you don't have no maze, you don't have none of that. You lose. And it's just like you gotta take the punches. And then sucks. So it's better to knock in that position. Exactly. I confirm as an ninja that you will not be saved. I can confirm as an ninja. It will not work on a man. You're not nimble enough. So zero. I have one with the nimbleness. And I cannot teach you how to be nimble enough to a Vatamin.  So run away woman, you will not win. I just gotta get on Jackie Chan level. That'll be good. What are you gonna do? No, it's not gonna work. I mean, a man's rage is thriving. Like, oh, God can get so heated. All he sees is just you and he just wants to kill you on the live you. Okay? He wants to get his target and it's just like, there's no stopping that. You got to get out of the way. Hide, find a couple of people called police or something like that. Excuse me. Yeah, like help me. You gotta do something because once that you're in that target, you have to get out of the way. They're on your own. Yeah, that's why you gotta have the blicky. That's why you have to have like a lot of little things. So in your lane, these girls walking around with no whole thing. No grace and there's no female ninjas. None of you can even break this board. Probably. All right, who's a break? What's the break? What kind of board is that? It's a it's a it's a Friday. Yeah, it's a very.  30. Yeah, yeah, I'm broken it many times. I'm very good at this. No. I was saying that girls can't Yeah, now that you are sake, I'm really just shows up. You know what time my boss either All right, okay, well, I'm out of point That's it. Yo, it's right there on the stop. There's more you don't want to talk goddamn it I'm just filling in for the whole see left for a second. You have to go get some drink You guys just start about ninjas. I'm here I call that street. Yeah, I'll get a question. No, no, he's all gone already Who's up next? All right 0-3-3-2 What's that color welcome to the show You know Yeah, I'm always giving us an intertree So 6 2 3 9  Yeah, I'm so on. Yo, what's up? All right, move on to the next one. Callers. Yeah, he just has the YouTube playing in the background. So he's not here. All right, 816 zero. All right, 816 zero. Yo, yo, yo, so call up up to the show, sir. That's, uh, what, uh, I got a question for Dominic Torredo across the table. Dominic Torredo. He means he means I take. Oh, okay. I don't know who Dominic Torredo is. All right, go ahead. You ever been in a fight with a female? Are we going to fight with a female? I've had females tried to attack me, which I think every man has. I showed great restraint as a man should. I've never, I've never punched a woman full force in my life. No, I've never had. And if I did, I genuinely believe if I hear even once, I don't think she'd ever.  I'm gonna get a break up with it. I genuinely believe that. That's why I never have. So yeah, a few crazy women have attacked me, but you know I'm an Ikea master since no big deal. When women are ultra feeble, you just grab a... Oh my! I called that guy to the end of the game. Hi, caller. All right, eight, nine, one, zero. Yeah. Noah. And ladies, if you have any questions or comments for the end, we will turn it to you guys as well. Who's up next? Hey, what's up guys? Yo, what up? Noah. Noah Crandell? Hey, I just wanna say yes, sir. No Crandell. I just wanna say King Cobrick's Tate. You fucking are my rollercoaster because you kinda helped save my life. Oh man, that's amazing to hear. Thank you. Thank you very much, friend. Here you go. And my question for Mr. Anutate is, how much do your drink choices when you're out in public settings matter? Because I'm a beer drinker and some people have told me that in like beer makes you look white trash. The only one here is still.  Okay. I don't know if you are right. Drinks matter. Okay. So I personally don't drink beer, but it's not because of the white trash thing. I think it's a whole bunch of calories and it's a whole bunch of estrogen for no reason. You don't need to go down that. If you're really going to drink alcohol, which you shouldn't, but obviously we have vices, you should stick to spirits, stick to vodka if possible. Think about it, bro. The Russians are strong. You want to fight your Russian dude? No. What does he live on? Vodka. There. Stick to that. That's a little bit of science for you. Low calorie. Yeah. And I think the focus is the healthiest thing you could possibly drink. But you shouldn't be drinking really. You shouldn't be smoking cigars. Shouldn't be doing half the things I'm doing. But you know, I survived. So you shouldn't, you definitely, you definitely shouldn't be drinking 20 beers in a night. Maybe you are white trash. Send us a picture. Send me a picture on Instagram at Cobret Day. I want to see if you're white trash. There you go. All right. Who's up next? All right. All right, man. Thank you so much. I know. Appreciate it. Michael Blackson. Two seven. Okay. All right.  Yeah, hilarious. Well, even Michael Blackson on the show, that was hilarious when we had one. He's going back soon. He's going back soon. Oh, OK. Look, look. Three four, six zero. Three four, six zero. All right. Cool. And I think we got three more numbers and then we'll turn it to ladies. Go ahead. That's your question quickly. Hello. Yo, you're on air. Yeah, I'm going to do it. What's up, man? What's your question or comment? Yes, we can hear you. Go ahead. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. I have something that I saw like a whole fish and feed. I kind of feel like what happened is like, you remember when you were telling the people like, hey, we have no base here. You can copy my stuff. You can take that stuff and then like, uh, you can criticize me and, uh, like, I don't care. You know, make your money. I think a lot of people, they took that in the, they took it too far and they started to really go. Like, you said, you said when, when, when Chris, how many to 20 enough? You don't, you body go home. What, what was that last part? What was that last part? I don't know what he just...  bro. When you open the door a little bit, people take people open the door fully or they take the whole thing, you know. Oh, you see, yeah, yeah, if you give them a little, here's everything, bro, like they they went fully the whole time and they wouldn't stop, bro. Like we were like, okay, they'll probably stop whatever. It's been four months, man. You have been generous. It's been four months. So I mean, if people are going to have a point of contention with us defending ourselves, bro, we're not even making hit pieces back on them, just merely defending ourselves or reputation on our name, then I don't even, it is what it is. I mean, it's a common sense that you're going to protect yourself and your business, but yeah, whatever. Yeah, but I like what you're doing now because you put boundaries, like I think like Kevin Samu, Kevin Samu put boundaries, I think they should know that it's not okay because you know, I think it's okay to do that. Well, the problem is that if you, yeah, when you, they don't care about the strike back, they care about who issues the strike back. Since we issue the strike back, it's a problem. Well, other people, it's no one cares. So, yeah, that's not a problem. Please stop it. But that's not tonight's topic, bro. But, but  We appreciate the sport though. All right, bro. It's like a big ice here. All right, Matt, peace. Who do we got up next? My black. Yeah. One thing of mine is because he's got here right now. Oh, then, okay. Who's next? Yeah, move up to JR ranks. Yeah, well, four MCs. It's a lot harder because it's got 42 live colors right now. Holy shit. Yeah, no, it's damn y'all crazy love. All right, we'll do, I think I'd see two more. Oh, man, how many more do we have? A lot. So let's, a few, let's see. Four, seven. He's not here, but is that here? Okay, so let's try zero to five eight. No, one seven one three. All right, one seven one three. Go ahead. Just looking at me. Yo, what's up, man? Hey, what's up, man? Yeah, I just have a question to take. My question is basically what's your opinion on Russian women? Actually, two questions. What's your opinion on Russian women? And the second question is as...  Do you really feel your thoughts on the West? I saw you on podcast with Irish guy. I think his name is James English if I'm not mistaken. And you were talking about the West versus the East. And I just wanted you. I just wanted to make sure that do you really feel like the West is crumbling. You feel like you prefer the East more. I wanted to clarify. Yeah, this is a really long answer. I don't want to give because I don't want to bore all the girls with lower political talk. In regards to Russian women, in terms of Russian women, I want to make something clear. There's a lot of guys in the West who believe that for some reason if they go to the East, you have all these absolute beauty queens who will obey and align themselves with some dork for no reason. The game is the same basically everywhere. You're either a gene, you get women or you're not a gene, you don't. It doesn't matter where you are. Russian women are not. You're not going to go to Russia and just grind up with some baddy beauty queen who does everything you say when you have no value to provide. Life is a value.  right? Certain things may be valuable in the West, which are not valuable in the East and vice versa, but it to some degree it's always a value exchange. A woman has to find value in you to want to be a valuable woman to you. So these ideas, like it this all the time I live in Romania, people are like, well if I move to a manial, I have girls. No, bro, you're a dork here and you're a dork there. You're a dork everywhere you fucking go. So it ain't gonna change anything. So it's all about value exchange, just first say. And regards to the West versus the East, yeah, there are different ideals, which I believe put the West at this advantage in the long run, but that's more of a political argument as a whole. You as a man, you should have the same goal no matter whether you live in the West or the East, and that's become as high value as possible. And truthfully, people constantly shit on the Western girls and American girls and they say that all the girls here are trash blah blah blah. Let me tell you something, if you're a man who genuinely has his act together and isn't a weirdo and knows how to be kind to the right woman, knows how to keep his life in order, you can very easily find a beautiful, submissive kind, gorgeous loyal girlfriend anywhere in the world, including the USA. There are plenty of  for women here in Miami who are gonna listen to you and not cheat on you and be good if you are worthy of such, right? You don't need to be flying around the world to get a little bit of a seat. So that's my overall answer. Probably I could go far more in depth from the political perspective, but we have a whole bunch of women here and women don't want to hear me talk politics. So why do you say that though? No, because they do want to hear a comment on it because I can talk about politics all day. I'm not I didn't mean I didn't mean I didn't mean to be patronizing. I meant that it's a very large count of can of worms. We haven't been discussing all night. I don't know about casting enough itself. And this is something else about. I can confirm that Russian woman wants a winner. Okay. What's the only? And Russia. Yes. Russia, best country. All right. We got here. Yeah. Five seven. All my Russians out there, by the way. How old is that? Five seven seven three. All right. Five seven seven three. All right. Last two cars. From Texas. Oh, Texas in the house.  Okay, go ahead shoot it. Okay. I You know, we can't hear you bro. Yeah bro. You're cutting out really bad bro. I think you're too far away from the actual Mike. No, bro. All right, your service is bad. Come closer to the to the phone or something. Okay, we can't hear you bro. Okay, hello. Yeah, we go. Okay, you know, go ahead. Show your question quickly please. Okay. Okay, so I noticed from the last show that Mr. Tate had a he he pretty much talking about how you had a strong father figure. So I wanted to know how do you overcome the struggle of not having a strong father figure to become successful basically for Mr. Tate? Sure, I'll answer that question. Firstly, I'm a bit confused as to how you did not use a phone my friend. Because we said put the phone closer and it was all good. But um.  Now, you need to find mentors. It's not, I was lucky because I had a strong father figure, but there's a whole bunch of people who didn't, who did very, very well. It's very, very easy and masculine communities to find mentorship, but you need to show a degree of bravery. I said this all the time. You could be a complete nobody and walk into any boxing gym nearly anywhere in the world and find a good mentorship of men who want the best for you, or gonna keep you off the streets. Or gonna keep you dedicated to something or a teacher, grit, determination, hard work, all of those things. But if you're afraid to get a bunch of in the face, you're not gonna go to the boxing gym. So there's male mentorship in certain areas of life has certainly exists. I found a lot of mentorship in fight gyms. I think that fight gyms are a fantastic place for men to be because they're ultra competitive and men should be ultra competitive. But the number one thing you should not do, I wanna make this very, very clear, is never find yourself looking at your situation and feeling sorry for yourself. Well, I didn't have a strong male figure. I didn't have a strong father blah, blah, blah. Listen, my friend, you have arms and legs. So there's a bunch of people that don't even have that. So there's no point in sitting there and feeling sorry for yourself. That's not gonna help you in any regard. You heard the women earlier.  and how they spoke to that guy who was trying to get some sympathy for men as a whole. They don't give a shit. And truthfully, I don't think they should. Women have all the options in the world. I don't think you should be sympathetic for a dude who hasn't dedicated his life to excellence. I don't knock at a sitter and say, you should be. You should be ruthless and say, look, I'm a chick. I got the choices. I want the best man I can get. That's how I'm going to live my life. I completely understand why they are that way. So there's no point you feel sorry for yourself. If the women don't feel sorry for you and the world don't feel sorry for you, nobody else feels sorry for you. So there's no such thing as an excuse. You either win or you lose. Life is binary. It's black or white. You either successful or you are not. So if you do not have a father figure or you didn't have a father figure, then you better go find one my friend. That's the simple answer. That's always the answer. They're always the same. All said. Give me a hell yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Hell yeah. All right, man. It's fine, Jay. Shout out to you, bro. Hi, Collar. All right. Cool. So I'm a turrets of ladies. Any comments, questions? Last thoughts. Last thoughts. Who wants to go? We can start. We want to start here with Tran. With questions or thoughts? Yeah, question and thoughts.  comments critiques. How was the show? Or how much you hate us I don't know. No, it was really insightful. Very insightful. I saw you guys listening, man. This was a very observant panel. Yeah, no one got kicked off. Yeah, nothing crazy. When it takes sport, they listened. I love that. Mr. Germany. Yeah, it was really nice. Like it was good. So if you get in a fight, are you going to try to put your finger in it? Thank you for using blog talk radio. It was a joke. I know I couldn't like I got in a situation with my ex that I made him really mad. And then I know he's just he's just sent me to the bad and he swung his arm and I'm oh shit. Literally like this. I was like, I see everything in like flash. I'm like slow motion. I see his hand go like this and I'll be like, I'm sorry. Oh, did he actually strike you? No, no, I just literally I was like, you know what?  bitch. You're acting crazy. You're gonna be on the live. You're gonna be when he by the hit. No, he was talking to herself. Yeah, I was like myself. I was like, I need to chill. Like I was like, I need to chill. And my mom told me like, you can't do that because they're literally like this. Shady and mom. Smart move. Miss, I can fight MFE's drunk at the bar. No, I didn't say that. But no, I found this podcast really insightful too. I got to see both sides of everything and other people's opinions. Any questions, comments or concerns? Masagini. I'm not gonna get into it. Next. You sure? No, I can take all day. Masagini. Go ahead, just say it. No, no, I'm good. I'm good. Masagini. All right, fair enough. That's Chris by laying the back. That ain't me.  All right, Lina, go ahead. Yeah, it's always great. But I just had a comment about the whole Japan having the lowest crime rate. Yeah, also have the highest. They also have the highest suicide rates in the whole world. And they have a forest that's called the suicide forest. I forgot the name of it. Yeah. Long a follow up. Try to pause on the S-work please. I'm not lying. You got to say. Yeah, try to call it. Could just call it self-deletion because we're on YouTube. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just want to say one thing. You can just say one thing. One thing I want to say. One thing I want to say. One thing I want to say. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I mean, that doesn't change the fact that it's still like, I mean, it's a fairly good society, a pretty strong nation, third strongest economy, economy in the world. You know, they have a strong family unit. And I think everything is built on the backs of families. And Japan still has a very strong family unit. Whereas like if you come to the United States or other Western countries, we have high divorce rates, high low, low marriage success rates. And you know, it is what it is. I mean, if people, if they have a high...  self-deletion percentage. Yeah, that that okay that sucks. Yeah, but all the other positives definitely outweigh that you know because we still have high self-deletion rates here and things suck well they don't suck but if you're if you're an average man in the West you're doomed that's what I got to say if you're an average man if you work and you put your put the work in and you get yourself up to above average or are exceptional you're good but if you're an average guy is stuff out here. Yeah, well that was all. All right. Japan also has a growing population. Japan also has like a growing like population of elder people where they don't have enough younger people to replace the working economy. Yeah, that's what I think it's. That's true. Yeah, exactly very low birth rates and they don't have enough people to replace the working economy which I've always thought so. Every Western country in the world has a birth rate which is lower than the expiration rate except for the USA and that's because and that's because of your massive migrations so the point is that you the culture here is not the culture here is not conducive to a family and having children.  So you just import the truth is there's a whole bunch of countries that are outbreeding the Western countries This is a really long political argument, but in the future you need no but in the future you need people and those are the countries That are going to win and it's usually Africa the Middle East Middle Eastern countries have the highest birth rates because a man gets to find a woman She will obey she will shut up. She will be loyal and she will have his children on repeat And that's what men want basically on a whole so they get to have nine ten kids name a woman here with nine ten kids Not because a tube is in the club getting the bag And you can have multiple wives just right so you have a whole bunch of children and for the first time this show that it is not All right, what about you comments questions? I had a great time Here are everyone else's perspectives on different subjects. I always am Hard on my own words. I value everyone else's opinions Except for that nigga that called in  Yeah, I don't care. I don't care. Be in the Bronx. Yeah, yeah. All right. Facts. Well, they've been on someones on. That's missing. Party pooper. Yeah, actually touched on what I was going to ask women in today's society. OK. You know, the modern day woman, you know, we're so, you know, rough and tough and stuff. What are like the top check boxes that men are looking for to complete, you know, I guess a man's life. I guess he said loyalty and, you know, a band and all that like he kind of just already touched on it though. I was going to ask that. What are some of those check boxes men are looking for in today's society with modern women? In today's society with modern women, the most important thing you can possibly find is loyalty because most are not loyal. And when I say loyal, I don't mean not cheat. I mean, actually stick with your man through something. And I also mean and man is getting late. But I also mean stick with your man. OK, ladies one here. Man, ladies do you want to hear it? Of course. So even if your man has to club any man.  around with some other chick with a whatever. He's your man. You can't leave the man you love. Absolutely not. You cannot leave the man you love. If you were in love with a man and he's your man and he takes care of you and you truly love him, you can't be leaving him for any reason, especially not some little bit of pussy on the side who gives a fuck. That's not even big enough reason. It's not important. But he doesn't love me. Marina, give you a chance, ladies, because I already know he'll buy the trigger the fuck out of all of you. So let him finish this point and then I'll go one by one and let you guys be able to, you know, challenge his view. You know, I just want to be able to give everybody a shot here. Let's not talk over each other quite and I'm sorry. True loyalty from a female is the fact that if he provides for you and he protects you and you and you feel like you're in love with him, you basically should have no reason to ever leave that man. You shouldn't be sleeping with a bunch of men anyway. You should find a man you love and you should be with him forever. You have no reason to be sleeping with man after man after man. That's bad for you. There's no good for you. There's no good for your state of mind. So loyalty is the most important thing. That's the first thing that I'm man. Second thing is looking for obedience and subservience. Most men live difficult lives. If your man doesn't live a difficult life, you shouldn't be with him. If you're with a man who doesn't  don't live a difficult life than he's not a man of value and you shouldn't be with him. Your man's just playing video games, smoking weeds while you're there, right? But if you're a man who's actually living a difficult life out there trying to get rich, trying to do all this, you don't have any idea the levels of stress he's already under. He does not need more at home. He wants peace and quiet at home. So you need to find a man who's already going through enough difficulty that you can reward him with the peace and quiet he requires at home. You need to be loyal to him. I'm not saying let him abuse your loyalty, but you need to say to him and say, look, I'm never ever, ever going to leave you unless you push me to a point where I really feel like I have to leave. Make him understand that you're so loyal that you're near impossible to replace, especially in this culture where every other girl he's going to get with is just going to run out there and be a hoe. If you can be loyal to him and you can give him some peace and quiet and show some subservience, if you could show him some respect in his household, men like to feel respected, respected. We work extremely hard to feel respected. We go out here and work and make money to try and feel respected. There's CEOs who've given up their lives to work some shit job just so they get to wear a suit in a particular office to be respected. Men who get the KJ seven times to feel respected. Men who got all.  or go be risk getting shot at with machine guns if you're respected. You think we're gonna go through all this crap if you're respected and come home be disrespected in our own house? No, making feel respected, be loyal to him, show some subservience and boom, that's all we're looking for. Nice and easy. Now, okay, I know, I know you got something to say, you got something to say, we'll go here and then you could go after. Go ahead. I don't know what to say. What the fuck about a car, I'm off, but I stopped you anyway. So, no, not you, not you, her. I have to say to them. Okay, so why do you feel like that subservience is like how you are respected? Why does a woman have to be subservient for you to be respected? Firstly, I don't feel like I know. That's the first thing. Second thing. Why do you know? I know, I tell you why I know, because it's completely natural for a female when she respects a man and trusts a man to act in a subservient manner. If a woman truly loves a man as she respects him and trusts him, even down to the fact of where you eat, dinner, you want him to chew.  There's no such thing as a woman truly respecting a man and loving a man and wanting to be in charge of him. That's not real. When you see a woman who's trying to be in charge for a man, she's lost respect for him. She may feel that he hasn't got his life in order, her needs controlling, her needs mothering, et cetera, et cetera. If a chicken's with me and she realizes all the amazing things I've done by myself, all my accolades, all my achievements, everything I've done completely by myself, she's not going to be sitting there trying to tell me how to live my life. Why would she? She's not qualified. Women say all the time, I want a man who's dominant in charge who leads, who I could trust, who's going to guide us, et cetera, et cetera. That's what women are looking for. And that's based on respect. You're not going to listen to a man you don't respect. So of course, showing respect is an act of subservience. It's the exact same thing. They're the exact same thing. The same reason you respect the people on the ship respect the captain by being subservient. We show respect to the captain, the captains in charge of the ship and we obey our commands. And that's how the ship functions. If the captain said x, y, z and everybody on board said, well, I don't know if I should listen, then you're going to lose the whole ship's not going to function subservience in and of itself is an act of respect. That's what it is. I will only listen.  to somebody I respect. I won't listen to anybody else. My kickbox and coach told him what to do. I respected him. I would listen to him, right? So you're trying to separate something. They're literally the same thing. Suburbians in respect are linked. Okay, and I agree with that. So you're saying that men could be subsurient to women too. I'm saying that a man can be subsurient to a woman, but I'm saying that that's not a healthy weight for a relationship to function. And why is that? Oh man. All right. I feel like I've said this stuff before. I don't know if it was water fresher fit in the title. It's a new panel. They're all so I want to add something to. And I don't know if it's just in my culture, but like my family, especially like the women run our family. Like my mom runs this family. And we respect everybody and their opinion. Are you keeping it? Where you from? Yes, I'm Cuban. That's why people are exactly. So I'm not saying. I mean, but can I finish? Sure. Oh, thank you. Not sure. No, no finish. No problem. That the women and everybody respects their opinion. We take everybody's opinion into account. It's just...  My mom was the first one to come here in this country. So everybody respects her and her pain because she knows the most about how to you know like go along in this country and do things right I Didn't say women Kevin opinion. I didn't know and I didn't say that either but like you're saying that men run Like are the first ones to have the opinion and run shit But that's that's not true women can run shit too and still have the respect for for men I'm saying that in the happiest relationships on the planet the man isn't charged I'm saying that in most false that's not false I'm saying in most situations where a woman is in charge of her man soon a later she's gonna leave is asked because she gets tired of it I'm saying that my parents are both happily together and my An exception does not just prove the rule Even if what you're saying is true. It's an exception and an exception does not just prove the rule the rule is as follows The happiest relationships on earth are with a man who makes the rule The man is the rule is made by biology  That's what who makes the rule. The rules made by biological triggers. And biology is a theory. No, biology is not a theory. Yes, it is. If it's a theory, you cannot tell me it's not a theory. We have evolved in a very particular manner. And we've evolved in a manner in which women needed men for physical protection. And because you needed men for physical protection, I know you know Karahi, blah, blah, blah. But most of the women out here evolved needing men for physical protection. And they afforded that. They were given that by being subservient to said man. They'd come along and they needed a man to protect them or they needed a tribe to protect them. And they obey that man. You can't go up to a man and say, I'm not going to obey you. I'm your boss. Fuckin' protect me. That's not real, right? This is all biology. This is all biology. This is all evolutionary. This is the way that humans have evolved across hundreds of thousands of years. You're sitting here saying things because it's just new thing. It's not real. All the things you're saying are just garbage. Your parents, as fantastic as they may be, as individuals, are not the rule for the broader section of society. And I agree with that too. But you can't say that biology is not a theory.  Biology is a fact. If you do not drink water, you will die. Okay, but you don't understand. If you don't eat food for a period of time, you will die. It's got science. And biology. Right. Science is just a theory. Nothing is 100% correct. Nothing is 100% proof. Why do you think men have been in charge of society? And I understand that because that's what we have studied from biology. I'm asking, why do you think men have always been in charge of societies on average? And because we've studied biology and the male species has been dominant over the female. And I understand that. Why? Because biologically, as I said before, that they are stronger and whatever. So biology is real now. No, yeah. I never said the biology was incorrect, but it's also a theory. Nothing's 100% correct. And things can change over time. Anyway, the point I'm trying to make here is that. And the happy, no, no, I literally don't know how to compete with what you're saying, because it doesn't make enough sense for me to compete with. All right. The point I'm trying to make here is that on average, for a relationship to be happy. And I think most women in this panel would agree with me that the man has.  to be dominant into some degree in charge. Your woman gets to feel looked after and cared for and protected. That is the normal issue. There's no such thing as 50, 50 in life. There always has to be some degree of dominance. And in most experiences, maybe your parents are different. Wherever the woman achieves dominance, the woman loses respect for the man and the relationship falls apart thereafter. That's the truth. I don't agree with that, but that's fine. OK. Well, hold on. I will just say this. You don't have to agree with it, but it's the truth. The fact is this, to the beginning of time, men have led, women have followed. There's not one single matriarchy that has stood the test of time. They've been wiped out by men all this time. Women are able to be in a position that they're in to say things like this that are ridiculous and ludicrous, to be honest with you, are because men allowed you to do so. The reality is, men have privileges and accesses and everything else like that because men allowed it. Which is great. I'm not here for saying, oh, don't give them rights. I'm not saying that. But for us to sit here and say, oh, a woman can lead. No, they cannot. As a matter of fact, if I took 100 women, 95 of them are going to say, I want my men's...  be the leader. They're not going to want to assume that leadership. And as a matter of fact, if you put a woman in leadership role, nine out of 10 times, she's going to be repulsed by that man because he can't do his only duty, which is to what lead, provide and protect. That's a man's job. Okay. Now you might have an exception to the rule. Your mom might be dominant. Your dad is a little bit more submissive. The family works excellent, but that structure is not going to work for most situations. That's effectively taking a round peg, putting into a square hole and hoping it works. Again, I'm not saying women can't do what men can do. You guys can absolutely do it, but you can't do it at the same level we do. If you're the ruler of our country, you had 20,000 men and 20,000 women and you had to choose who you were going to send the center war and the livelihood of your country was dependent upon this war. Who would you send? Obviously the men. Okay. And I've already agreed to the fact that men are stronger than women. Okay. Because that's a biological fact. Physically. Physically. It's a biological fact. They are stronger. Okay. That's.  indisputable, we have more bone density, we're stronger than you guys, we're taller than you guys, we have more testosterone. Indisputable. Completely. Biology is not a theory. It's a fact. Scientific fact. Okay. Science is a theory just like religion, just like any other belief. Okay. Anyway, continuing on in reality. So that you would put the men. Your theory is women can do what men can do. I agree. They can, but they can't do it at the same level and at the same consistency and more importantly, at the same level of competence. The men that you send in to fights are going to win that war and have a higher what probability of winning the women, they can go in and fight, but there's a higher likelihood of failure. Yeah. That's true. And sorry. That is why that's that's that's what he's trying to explain is that men, naturally, our leaders, women are naturally followers. Your parents relationship is an exception to the rule, but that does not make the rule. I agree with that. I haven't I have an example for you to assess. Sure. So you said that that women can't lean, correct? On a balance of problems.  most women cannot lead men in a relationship. So during this pandemic, the first country to completely eradicate COVID was New Zealand. And who is the leader of New Zealand? Oh my God. A woman. You triggered my trap card. Who wants to take this one? She is a female and she completely. I was just going to continue on what we were saying. I wasn't going to talk about COVID. I was just going to say, I promise, Ms. Marine, you will definitely get your chance to challenge the view. We just got it. It's really the bump there. So now we got you. No, I'm good. Y'all can continue then. No, no, no, no. We are not going to continue. Like we're not going to sit here and just dismiss you. Like, that fuck you. We'll explain. And if you choose, you know, can I accept it or not? I put on my two sets about Cuban girls. So I was, you know, highly high, one on one race, but I went to the school and everything. Cuban girls are very submissive to masculine guys. And who? And highly high. OK. Long story short. I don't know what a country of, I mean.  I'm Cuban. Yeah, but I'm saying Holly. It's all a good thing. So go ahead. All right, Andrew, go ahead. New Zealand. Man, this is it's actually amazing because there's so many different canjons on what she's incorrect. It's it's okay. So her name is Jessica Arden, I think is her name, the leader of New Zealand. Versing's first, she's a new word new world order, shill, who's genuinely evil on nearly every single metric. She's not a good person, right? I never said that. Okay, no, but I'm telling you, you think she's eradicated COVID? That's the first fault. That's a fallacy. She's not eradicating anything. Secondly, she locked in one of their houses for three solid years under a new world order, which you don't even understand how the world actually functions, because the leaders of earth are not the leaders of anything. And there's people above them who control the money and banks who bribed her to control her population to the point where more people died of missed doctor's appointments than they ever died of fucking COVID. So that female was a murderer. She was not a good person. You're going to say she's been a fantastic leader. She's been the absolute opposite. I never said that. Yes, you did. You said she was a diverse country to eradicate COVID. Fallacy.  is done because of a female leadership, more fallacy, wasn't even a female leadership. She's just such a psychopathic individual that she could literally obey new rule order to the point where people were getting decimated in real time. You don't understand earth. That's my part, earth is informed. Yes, absolutely misinformed. Third, the rule we're making, the reason you are upset and the reason you are arguing is not because you disagree with what we're saying, is because you're triggered and you think we are saying women have no value. Absolutely incorrect. Female life is more valuable than male life. I will tell you right now, if someone comes in this door with a gun, we are prepared to die to protect you. We would die on the Titanic so the women could live. If we talk about five men dying in a car crash, no big deal. If you talk about five women dying in a car crash, it's a big deal. Female life is super valuable and you are super valuable members of society and you have something very, very important to do. You are so important and so valuable that men will lead, protect, and care and provide for you. You're so important that we'll go put ourselves on the line and take all the responsibility of ensuring your safety. When we say we're leading.  We are not the more, I'm not trying to degrade females. I know you get triggered instantly because you live in a Western society where you feel like that's an insult. We're not trying to insult you. We're saying that it's a man's job to lead. It is a man's job to lead a relationship because it's his job to protect and provide. He can't lead if he isn't protecting, he can't protect and provide if he isn't leading. You understand? So you're saying that your parents are different, fine, whatever. On average, your woman wants a man who could take care of her, provide safety, provides stability. He cannot do those things if she disobeys him. How can he do those things if she's disobeying everything he says? We just talked about the ship. If the captain of the ship gives orders and no one listens, how can the ship be successful? The captain talks, everyone else obeys. That's why the captain is responsible for the ship. The man is responsible for the house. That's why he isn't charged. That's why he should be listened to. Exceptions do not disprove the rule. Females are not designed for leadership and that is not an insult to you. You have a far more important purpose on the planet. You procreate. You create life. It's a beautiful thing. You have far more important...  important things to do to be out here, carry in garbage. That's why men do it. We carry the garbage so we can make money, so you can stay home and have fucking kids. Jessica Arden's also pure evil. So don't talk about her again, because she's negative in every single respect. If you have 10 hours, I can sit, explain to other world actually functions and how all the female leaders during this imaginary pandemic, so dead, oh, bruv. The things that the female leaders have done during this imaginary pandemic are borderline criminal. No borderline, it's literally criminal. Only men had enough order to stand up to the new world order shilling, at least try and get people some freedom left. The women leaders in Finland and New Zealand of these countries, Australia. Australia, you people have been locked in their homes, bro. Two years in their house, you think it's a good leader? No, she's just obeying someone else above her. Oh, banging. They can only leave to get groceries, bro. Like, yo, we got a lot of Australian supporters, guys from New Zealand, et cetera, these countries. Man, it is an island. It is fucked. It's here, really done under. Yeah, there.  Yeah, bro, the down bed, bro, and here's the thing we got guys from our share in New Zealand that talked to us all the time. Bro, they can only travel like maybe one, they equivalent in US miles like one to two miles to go to the grocery store, get the food and they have to come back for years. For years, guys, for years. And that's because the female leadership of these countries are actually, do you know what they're doing? They're actually being led. You talked about her being a leader. No, she's subservient. She's just subservient to people you don't know exist. And she's ultra subservient to the point where a man will still resist some degree, where she's just going to sit over a bend over and agree. And that's what this kind of crap is happening all around the world. The countries that are worst affected are not the countries with the worst COVID cases of the countries that have female leadership. The female leadership in times of crisis is the worst thing that could possibly happen in this situation. Female leadership in crisis is detrimental to the overall populace. I'll tell you this, if all of us are right now in a plane and that plane crashed and we're all surviving, we're in a survival setting, right? We need to find food, shelter, we need a fire, we need to survive. Who do you think you're going to put in charge? Us boys? Who are you girls going to say, I'm in charge of everything?  No, you're gonna say, okay, we need everything. Boys, help. You're gonna put us in charge. And if you didn't, we'd all die. That's true. And also, just add in, and they're gonna hunt together. Yeah, and just to add into that real quick, because that was actually demonstrated, then we're gonna move to Miss Marine. They actually did this. They put men and women on a separate island, right? Bear girl shout out to think before you sleep. He broke this down beautifully. The women and the men were separated on two different islands. The women almost died within three days. They couldn't clean the water. They couldn't hunt. They couldn't build shelter. They couldn't make fire. The men, however, had built shelter. They had some food, because they quickly delegated authority, found a hierarchy. You know, hey, this is what we got to do. The women, on the other hand, were trying to make pets of the animals. They didn't want to kill them. They took a vote. Hey, should we kill this animal and eat it? No, that's fucked up. They took a vote, and they couldn't clean the water. And, you know, there was too much of this communitarianism, you know, but I'm not trying to. I don't want to go too deep in it, because I know where we're going here with Andrew, but if you leave women to their own devices, they tend to.  to be more communitarian. Hey, you get one, you get one, you get one, you get one. Guys are like, Hey, you did the best motherfucker. We give you the most. And then you get the second most, whatever. Men typically tend to compete women tend to, Hey, let's spread things out evenly. If you give them their own, leave them to their own devices. So it's been proven on reality TV that, you know, even women put in a life or death situation of survival, don't have the tools to do it. You know what I'm saying? It's very difficult. And they took average guys and average women and and the women were like, fuck, man, they almost died. The crew had to come in and rescue them multiple times during the filming of the show. So what say you now, Ms. Cuban? How many how many females were on that show? I heard that there was there was a, I don't know exactly how many contestants, but of some are between 10 to 20 women and then 10 to 20 men, separate islands. And they gave them the same resources. All I'm going to say is that you can't base the female species or just the female population based on those 20 people. We're not saying, but it was they were average women from all different walks of life. And then they took.  that's all different walks of life. So it's an, it's an excellent aggregate of like the normal, of normal people is what I'm trying to say. Let's ask the girls. Do you want a man to be in charge in the relationship? Okay. I've been trying to talk at the showtime. All right. I'm 20 years old. I was in a serious relationship with someone and I was the one who bought the house. And that's why you're divorced. Exactly. It's what I'm saying. But I feel like there has to be a half a medium between like, okay, you got it. And all right. Like you need my backup. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm not the type of girl that just wants to be a stay at home mom because honestly, I don't want to have kids. But it's like, I don't want to have kids. What else? It's about the cat. No, I swear. Really? It's because you're young and still attractive and fertile. So you don't understand the gifts that you have. But as you get older, I promise you, you're going to change your mindset. You're going to want to have children. I promise you. No, no, no, no. I have taken for her. I'm a girl's ex. You know, I don't want to have kids. I want my God to lead. And I'm an alpha female. I'm dominant. I want my man to be a-  I mean, I think I'm a girl. I'm a female. Definitely alpha. Oh, my God. The can of worms keep opening. There we go. Wow. Damn it, bro. I mean, it's not the wrong with a guy leading. It's just how you lead. A lot of guys think just because they got the money and you know, they're buying all this stuff and you're eating and you're sleeping well or whatever. Exactly. That they have all this authority over you and things like that. It's really how you lead. Like he said earlier, it's a balance between both species. Well, you got to understand. My right. I mean, I think all you, what you just mentioned there, he's providing a lifestyle, et cetera. He has a lot of responsibility clearly. Yeah. You cannot have responsibility without authority. I know. Sometimes this is the problem is this. Women want responsibility. They want authority with zero responsibility. They want to be able to dictate how the relationship goes. They want to tell their man what to do. They want to be a boss as bitch, but they don't want to sit there and have the responsibility of protecting the household of five mass intruders breaking. Or if the power goes out and you got to go out and take out the trash or mold along, whatever. They want to go and do that shit.  which is sure I'm a little different because I didn't really grow up with men. So I have that tendency of masculinity and me where I don't have no problem, you know, finding ways to protect my home or cutting the grass and things like that. But what did I say earlier? What did I say earlier? Just because you go fit a round peg into a square hole does not mean that's the optimal for the situation. I know. I'm not done, but you are never gonna get it done to the level of efficiency which I think men is going to do. And I completely agree about that. But it's like I feel like sometimes men think, oh, when I'm providing, it's like a really dictatorship in a way. No, it's not that. Hold on. That's how I feel sometimes. You guys are ashamed to be women. That's the real problem. Modern day women are ashamed to have children to be pregnant, to care, take the home, to raise the next generation of people. They are not proud of it. I said that. I actually want to be honest. It's because women shame women though. Yeah. Yeah. I tell you if I told, if I sat on this podcast which I have and I've said like, oh, it's okay if my man steps out on me as long as I'm his main woman.  And I get a lot of crap when I go home. I get a lot of crap from my friends, my girlfriends, my aunts, my family, because there's, oh, you can't let a man have dictatorship over you. You can't let a man control you. I'm like, that's not at all what I'm saying. Yeah, the reality is this. We've interviewed hundreds of women now from all different walks of life, right here in Miami. And what I've come to realize with many modern day women, especially raised in the West, and especially from fatherless households, is women want to compete with men and they're ashamed of being a woman. They want to be able to say, I got my own job. I pay my own bills. I do all this other shit. Cool. Fantastic. But you shouldn't be bragging about that. That's like me coming up to you on a date. Hey, I got an extensive line of Jimmy's true shoes. I got more Gucci bags than you. I'm way more fleek than you. You'd look at me like, what the fuck? I don't give a shit about your ability to dress well. Okay, we don't give a shit about your ability to provide. But why is it crazy when I say it that way? But when you, when we say it to you guys back, it's like, it's like, it's not to me. It's simply this. It's simply this. The things that you guys value are not the same things that we value.  We are opposites and we are different. We are better at certain things. On this podcast, right? We've been talking about the things that men do really well. Let's talk about what women do really well. Because you guys tend to forget about the things you guys do really well. You guys are so spirited to us, right? Same thing. I said 20,000 men versus 20,000 women going into war. But Andrew, you used a great analogy last time. Let's say I can put my kid in an all guy run daycare or an all female run daycare. Where are you going to put the kids? Exactly. But here's the thing. Women never pat themselves on a back for being women. Never pat yourself on a back. If a girl stands up and says, I want to be a stay at home mom. All the women are going to look at her like, I'm going to be like, meanwhile, guys like us are applauding or like, fuck yeah. That's what you put on earth to do. You know what I'm saying? Like if a guy says, I want to be a stay at home dad, you should clown him. Motherfucker, your job is to create security. The woman's job is to create life and to raise that life. Men and women are very different and we're good at different things. And we should be using our skills to compliment each other. But women want to sit here and be men so bad. I've been fighting.  I'm doing this and all that that's fine. I know. If you want to have male tendencies, you're absolutely within your right to have a career, make money, become successful. But do not expect a man that's successful, that makes the same money you do, the same security you do, to want you. Because that is equivalent of you making a lot of money, being successful and me telling you, hey, address really good. I'm a pretty boy. Take let's go on a date. You want to pay half on this shit? You're going to look at me like, like, no, but why is it when a guy has standards that are opposite from what you are, it's issue. It's crazy. I mean, I don't have no issue. Not you, not you, not you. But I'm saying in general, I get where you're coming from. I was just saying, like, just watching different podcasts, things like that. Guys feel a certain entitlement, and then they want to turn around. OK, we could provide. We do all this this and the entitlement. It's just like, it's responsibility. It is a responsibility. But when I say like entitlement, meaning that, it's like, they don't really know how to connect to the woman that they're trying to leave.  And then, okay, I'm giving you the house. I'm giving you this. I'm giving you the space to be the woman that you are, but then you're also degrading that woman. You're not allowing her to be. This, this, she is. There's an emotional edge to everything. It's not trying to, I think what you're trying to say is that it's, it's not transactional. Just because a man can buy a house does not mean you instantly will obey everything he says. Of course not. It's not transactional. There's an emotional edge, right? You have to like him. You have to love him. You have to respect him. But my point is is that there's still overall themes within the relationship. It let's say relationship has 10 things which need to be done. Five should be done by men. Five should be done by women and they're completely different things. And in the modern world, men are still trying to do their things for the large part. And many women are ashamed to their side. That's the point. Many women are ashamed to just say, you know what? My man takes care of the money and he takes care of our family's future. And I have babies and I love raising my children. And they're ashamed of that. And you really shouldn't be. There's no reason to be ashamed of that. It's a beautiful thing.  Uh, Mr. Rain, I didn't want to cut you because you had you were making a point. You said you were 23. You bought the house or no, sorry, you were younger. You let did you leave the relationship? Yeah. Is that what made you kind of say, uh, fuck this? Yeah. Basically. And here's the thing. There's nothing wrong with that. Like a lot of girls might say like, oh, you're like, what, you, you scared to be a leader. Whatever it's, I always say it, man. Like women are not built to be leaders. And if they are in a leadership position with a man, just a matter of time. So she realized, man, this guy's a pussy. I'm going to go get another guy. But society lies to you and tells you you could be a boss bitch. You could do everything a man can do. You are equal to a man. Society lies to you guys and sets you up for failure. The reality is this. You want to show how masculine dominant man that's more competent than you, better than you so that he could provide you security so you can raise children because children are how women are fulfilled and the most happy. I don't care when no one says a woman's pleasure is derived from creating pleasure for others. I'm going to say that again. A woman's pleasure is derived from creating pleasure for others, namely her children and her men. That's where men.  get their fulfillment. You guys are creatures of people. We are creatures of things. So if a woman isn't allowed the ability to create her own creatures and to lovesaid creatures, she ain't gonna be happy. Why don't you give a fuck about a career? You don't believe me? You know how many PhDs I know? How many women there are scientists, lawyers, etc, etc. See you and huh? Because you know you you answered the professional world. They answered the professional world. As soon as they have a kid, they're like, nah, nope. My kid is going to take number one. I'm taking less hours at the work. Hey, my husband's going to work more hours. Fuck that. I want the kids. As soon as you have children, that switch comes in. Bang. I'm a mom now. That's more important. Fuck my career. Men, however, not every not never. Let me let me continue. So men on the other hand, if they're a sane guy and not a loser, right? I'm assuming you picked the right guy that you marry, right? When he has a child, what's going to happen? He's going to work more hours. You're going to want to work less. He's going to want to work more hours. There are very few things that motivate a man more than a child. I've seen deadbeat fucking bombs that smoke to eat every  single day didn't do shit with their life. They knocked up some girl all of a sudden they got a job. All of a sudden they're working crazy hours. All of a sudden they're taking life seriously. You know, I got a kid now, man. I can't do this shit. There is nothing more motivating motivating than children. Hey, if the guys ambitious off-ripp, excellent. But having a kid is that extra kicking the ass. Men and women are different. It's hilarious that women keep wanting to fight it. But a woman's pleasure is almost always derived from a male's pleasure that she's serving and her children most importantly because that man, right, this is how deep it gets. If the man pleases, sorry, if the woman pleases her man, he's more likely to say then that's going to allow her the security to do what raised the children. So her security is dependent upon keeping this man happy to protect her because remember before today's day and age with internet and porn and also the weird shit, a woman needed a man to survive. How would you would not be able to defend yourself from the animals, the nature?  the the wilderness in general, a woman will not be able to fend herself and more importantly, her children without the provisioning and security of a man. That's why women are hard wired. I want to go to Seoul. I want to go to school looking. I want to go to his muscles. I want to go to his money. I want to you look for all these security things. Women look for security value. Men look for replication value. Is she hot? And then him does he have money if we're going to boil it down? So it's ingrained in us. We can sit here and cap and be like, oh, well, I could do everything I'm making. That's fuck out of here, bro. The more money a woman makes, all it does is it increase her own innate drive to find a successful man even more. And you send the asteroid. Okay. But that's that uh, yeah. Anyone comments questions? Should have put you. Fuck you, Myron. No, it's actually true because I was raised by a man. My dad raised me alone. Like my mom was there. I love living now. I live with my mom, but I was raised by a man. And and it's true. Like I'm literally that girl that's like I don't want to do the stuff. That man do I don't want to do that.  I don't think I'm built for that. I don't want to build a house. And don't be ashamed of saying that either. That's fine. I don't want to. I can. I don't I always say that. I don't want to even put gas in my cart. I always keep saying that. I don't want to do that. I think that. In my place, I think you want to say it. But in my place, I think man should do that. It's a man's place. And I always, my dad always told him he was like, well, if I was a girl, I would get three kids by a rich man and I'll work no one more days. And I think, yeah, that's true. We have it easy. Like we have it easy. Maybe you just need to find one man, make kids. And that's it. You got to pick the right one. Yeah, the right one. That's the only one that's finding the right one. Yeah, that's basically what I was trying to say. If you know, you know, you know, you see a bum, you know, who's a bum? If you know who's working high. Hold on. I call you out here. Yeah. You choose the right one.  Did you choose the right one? I didn't I I thought I Curly I thought I choose the my My husband almost got married to because I have a son with him, but I saw he He changed like he changed he got money. He had money He didn't know how to act with the money like He lost it. You can say he had money He he he was discipline. He got his own money. He he was good And then he pumbled the bad Completely so he didn't know how to leave even his own life because how I'm gonna be a man who I'm gonna be with a man and and be a mother to two kids. I have just one kid. I cannot have two kids that not like He's not my kid. He has to be the man. That's what I think That's why I didn't work on it.  Fair enough. Okay, um, Miss Cuba. Do you have anything else that you want to say? No, no, okay. She's like fuck you guys. All right, Marine. I don't have anything else to say. I was gonna say was that um, do you agree with us? I guess only fans. I guess I'm like, there's a silver lining because I am I was an active student marine at one point. And for me growing up was just like, okay, I just have to get it like. Um, I guess the lack of my father figure there led me more into a masculine role where I was just like, all right, I'm gonna just do whatever I gotta do to get where I gotta go. And I didn't mind like taking trash out or doing manly things. Whatever. Consider me. I believe by myself since I was 17. So it's like, I'm very much accustomed to the independent lifestyle, whereas like, I don't even know if I ever want to get married again, really, because I'm just so comfortable with myself. And I don't see my purpose as, oh, I'm gonna have kids like my purpose is to have kids like, I have so many different lenses like so many different things I want to do. The child lens is going to clear up very soon. Don't worry.  I promise. That none of it's it's it's I mean again I have notices with like young women right especially like your 35 how you're 35 no I'm saying I probably have a kid when I'm 35 but right now that's that's risky I'm 23 you know you know you know at 35 your ability to bring a child's determine is like significantly decrease but it's gonna happen then it doesn't happen in general and carrying a child is risky in general girls lose their memory girls lose hair yeah so if you know that it's that it's dangerous to carry a child in general when did you want to do it when you're at your peak fertility so it's not gonna fuck you up long term I mean it doesn't matter whether you're or no matters like in in front of ways it depends on how that person is taking care of their body in reality you know like yeah you can push the clock but I'm saying just young or old it really depends on how you really take care of your body because 35 no are you aware 35 no yes it's a high  I didn't have to 30 years old, around 80% your eggs are gone. Yeah, which is true. So I'm not saying what you're saying is wrong. I'm just saying in general, for all females, no matter how old you are, it's a risk to carry a child for nine months. If you're not going to have children, if you're not going to have children, what are you going to do with your lives? That's a genuine question. Keep a lot of friends. I mean, a lot of women go around the table. That's a good question. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Here. If I'm not going to have children, travel, just pursue anything that makes me happy. Try to make money. I love travel links. I would probably just drink cocktails on a beach. Okay. Next about the same thing. I travel, focus on my career, things like that. My career will become my baby. This is actually very telling. This is a good question. All right. Go ahead. I'm just going to be completely honest. I don't know what I would do because that's because you want children because it's important. That's my dream. That's my goal.  children. I thought. And I said, I told her the time. Yeah, I travel the world. I've done all those things. Been there, then that I want my kids. I want to career my legacy. All like a whole my many. You better hurry up. God damn. I know. I'm Mr. right here at the eighth hour. Damn. What about you? Um, I honestly just want to get right into my career. Okay. It's pretty much. Which is what? Huh? Which is what? That's not just asking me that. That's the negative behind the screen. Oh, put the camera on you. I was like, we're right now out of the truck. Negative behind us. What do you want doing life? Right now. So I go to the university. I'm a I'm emerging in interactive media. What I want to do with that is build virtual reality simulators for the military. And I'm also minoring emotion pictures. I'm interested in acting and shit like that. All right. Right. Something. Yeah. You know, if you don't have kids, what are you going to do? Where's that the goal? It's the goal. Okay. Like I want somebody to take.  I'm only caring when I'm old. That's the whole thing of life. Somebody take care of you because it's gonna treat your diapers. Not wrong with that. Not wrong with that. I mean, no. I'm okay regardless. Okay. Ms. Cuba, what about you? Do whatever the fuck I want. What's that? It doesn't matter. Which is, what would that be? That you're asking, we're asking what is it the fuck that you do? I'm not saying that I don't want to have kids, but if I decide not to, well, I plan on becoming a doctor. So I'm just my career. You're correct. I'm passionate about it. So. I'm 21. Okay. Wait, you're in my school already? No. Oh, you're trying to, okay, you're gonna go. Okay. Cool. We want to be a doctor. What about you? Uh, I have a kid. It was the best thing that I ever happened to me, and I want more. Okay. Fair enough. Fresh. Tran. What about you? What the fuck? Dig it? Are you stupid? What happened? Bro, you sleep in the oven? What happened? Nah, he's retarded. Okay. All right, go ahead. Probably similar answers. I probably saw it out of myself in those.  community that I could. I didn't have that. So you do what? Okay, so you don't want kids? Do you want kids? Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, you do. Okay. All right. My life without children is as vapious and it's a name and it's pointless. And you may sit here and think that your career matters, but the truth is that your job will fire you out of women. Don't give a soul. Don't give a soul. Don't give a soul. And when you're 52 and you're past it with no grandchildren in a house by yourself and all your friends have grandchildren in this beautiful life and you're sitting there by yourself. Do you think the fact that you could afford a few extra Gucci bags is going to genuinely make you feel happy? I was at my grandmother's, not your third birthday. I looked at my grandmother had nine children because there was my father and eight more. They all had a bunch of kids. Blah, blah, blah. I stood there and looked at my 93-year-old grandmother and there was a room, a whole room full with maybe 70 people that came from that one woman. Isn't that remarkable? That nobody cared about her career. Nobody asked what job she did.  Nobody asked me how many times she went to the club. Nobody asked if she had time to go to festivals. No, you had 70 sentient beings, including myself full of life from one woman who dedicated herself to being a mother and a good wife. That is beautiful. And if you sit here and genuinely think that you're gonna work your ass off through your fertile years and by the age of 54, you're not gonna be suicidal alone with a cat. Then you're dumb. You are dumb. You are dumb. You're just looking at me. You're dumb. Invest in chewy. Serious of hearty. Invest in chewy and chewy. Tell you right now. I'm not saying I didn't want kids. Like I'm just saying in general, like for the question, if I had that, if I didn't have any kids, that's what I want. I don't have any kids would be the worst thing that could possibly happen. I actually do want kids. That's not the problem. I just want to be able to have kids. We're having a so- You know what, mine, man, you know what? Guys, fresh, fresh, and my heart. I'm gonna do something I've never done before. Okay.  I gotta go. I can't handle anymore. I'm trying, I'm trying. I'm trying to listen to nothing. I swear to God. I swear to the face. I was like, yeah, yeah. No, listen to me. It's like bring the asteroid. All these women are sitting here saying, oh no, I don't want to listen to man. I don't want kids to, I just want to watch sex in the city and drink martinis and go on a beach. What kind of life is that? That's like the worst life. That's like a real. That's who. That's what I was going to say. I never said I didn't want to say it. Everyone. I was pointing. Pull it back. Pull it back. You know that. Happy women on earth, have children and a man who's paying the bills and their mothers. So happy as people on earth. I guarantee it. Your, your mothers ask your own mother. Do you regret having me? She's going to say, of course not. You're the best thing that ever happened to me. So now you're going to sit here and you're going to end your own bloodline. All your ancestors were out there surrounded by saber two fucking tigers and not to survive on the streets out there caveman days just to get to the final end.  We have all the medical care and you can live in a nice warm house for your fucking selfish ass to say no I don't want kids. I'm too busy in the fucking strip club or going to fucking Meloka to have a Fuckin to have a pedicillata on the beach. It's absolutely insulting to your entire Budline everything everyone above you has ever done and struggled for all the times your grandparents Let the work when they didn't feel like it just for you to exist for your selfish ass to say no Me and my passions and my dreams and my shit drawings and my Instagram page is worth more than ever having children You're selfish fuck fuck that you should all have kids. Sorry my wrong