 Andrew, do you think you'll still be assassinated? That's a very good question. So I have to decide how I'm going to answer this because every time I ask a question as a consummate professional, I think of about five different answers. Firstly, the first answer I'm giving is that they've already attempted to assassinate me, digitally leased, and my character. That's clear. This whole matrix attacked the point of it was to digitally assassinate me and destroy my influence. If they accused me of tax evasion or money laundering, nobody would care. So they accused you of a sex crime. This is not just me. Russell Brand, they got Tucker Carlson thereafter, is to standardize playbook by the matrix because they want to prove to the world you're a very bad person. And there's always people out there who are so stupid that they're going to sing. Ah, the 85th time this has happened, he's a bad person and they're going to believe it. What's very interesting about it is, not only do they believe it, they also conveniently forget about all the actual sex criminals which work inside of the mainstream media and work for the establishment because they're only mentioned for a day and then they're put...  away. Where's people like me, they'll mention that I am a human trafficker every single day for a year and a half. They have not stopped. When Hugh Edwards sends a picture of his ass somewhere, that's gone in 24 hours, or Scofield. The first question they ask, and how do you feel? Are you okay? Row. If you work for the establishment, they protect you. If you work against them, they attempt to digitally assassinate you. So they've already attempted to assassinate me and my character. That's the first thing. The second way I'll answer that question is, there was a time I was public enemy number one, and I now feel like I'm public enemy number set. And I think that's because of the election coming up. I'm actually not that overtly political. I think it's pretty clear what my politics are, and my overall stance on how the world should be viewed and masculinity as a whole is something they fear. But I'm not directly political. And I feel like because this is an election cycle and election year.  certain other people they might want to put a bullet in first. And you know the age old adage, you don't have to be the fastest person running from the bear. You just have to be faster than the slowest one. So I feel like perhaps they won't assassinate me this year. Are they trying to put me in jail for sure? Which I guess is another form of assassination. I mean, what's the most important being alive if you're at a cell cockroaches. And that's done through your double, liberally funded NGOs and the media machine. So for me to answer the question, as a whole, they've already attempted to assassinate me. My character, they're still attempting to assassinate me, put me in jail. Will they put a bullet in me? Maybe next year. But for this year, I should be able to drive my Ferrari so I bought a couple new ones and it will be okay. Yeah, because when I first met you, we did the first episode. You talked through the three stages. Yeah. Cancelling in the media, in prison. And that was about three weeks.  before you enter prison. That's right. Come on my last life. Yeah. Does that look, you're smiling? Does that look scared the shit out of you? It does because it's, you know, you're on a video game and you're on your last life and you really have to pull it off. And I guess it is scary, but then you have to sit and realize that if you're am I afraid? The reason I'm not afraid is because I don't see any other choice. I don't see the point in being afraid because I don't see any other option. If you refuse to fight in a war, you don't eliminate wars. You only eliminate yourself. If you have an opponent who is set on attempting to destroy you and you say, well, I don't want to fight, that doesn't make the war go away. That just makes you go away. And they're coming for all of us. They're not just coming for me. I'm just sitting here with all of us. They're coming for any single person who has a degree of sovereignty about their mindset. They're coming for anyone who refuses to bleed the slave programming for anyone who wants to have a happy family and a good life for anyone with a-  degree of masculine and pariah for anyone who has a degree of individualism, they're coming for all of us and they're trying to make us all slaves. And I have a massive influence, yes, so I'm a primary target, but they're not just coming for me. They're coming for absolutely everybody else. And I don't see why it would be prudent for me to sit and say, oh, well, they might kill me if I continue to talk. So I'll just shut up. And then maybe they'll kill me later along with everybody else. I think I'll feel happier in myself knowing that no, I went down guns blazing. And I think it's pretty obvious now to anyone with a brain what their agenda is. Their agenda is mass surveillance, firstly, because that's how they make money nowadays via surveillance, capitalism and surveillance and going hand in hand. That's the first thing. And second, by extension is mass slavery. And I know that's coming. So am I afraid? It's kind of like, are you afraid of being struck by lightning and you go outside? How can you do that? And, you know, I guess my option is I could take all my money.  disappeared shut up. But the war is certain and is coming for us all anyway. And I've said this another podcast, but it's true. You either fight against this garbage. They're trying to inject it to everybody's minds and you're at war against them or you believe all the garbage they tell you and you're a war against yourself. If you believe the crap they want you to believe you're depressed unhappy, sad, miserable, lonely. So what's the choices? You're going to fight something. I'd rather fight my enemies than fight myself. So yeah, I'm on my last life and I would never kill myself and I smile every day. It is what it is. And do you say I would never kill myself just for the record in case like other famous people we hear of you hanging from a bed? Well, yeah, I mean, when I was in jail, there was I think there was three or four suicides in the first couple of weeks. And where they suicides. I believe so, but it was making me very nervous. I was like, are they setting up a power near suicide? I think it's life suicide. Yeah.  It's scary, that is a scary. Yeah, it is scary. So I have to make it very clear. And I also think another reason I'm so happy to spike the fact I feel like I'm a public enemies because being happy anger sees people. My only weapon against all of these people and all this garbage is to smile. There are people sitting in a dark room right now. There are people in a room right now, as we speak, full grown adults, professions, triumphal bejo. There are teams. There's a prosecutor at his underlings sitting there, analyzing my entire life, every message of every scent, everywhere I've ever been, ever, ever spoke and do ever. As we speak, trying to put me back in a dungeon. At the same time, there are people sitting around trying to cancel me, get me off the internet, make sure I have no influence, no work. They're sitting there. They froze on my back. A council's taken almost 20% of my car collection almost. They've put me in jail, but and they did all this to me and they're seeing they're trying to attack me. Am I smile? That's my weapon. That's not a weapon. Take it off.  I don't care. And that resilience is how I fight against them because I believe this is a spiritual war, more than anything else. The reason they're trying to attack me is because I'm seen as a hero to so many young boys. And that inspires bravery in the young boys, so they're trying to kill the hero. So I can't allow them to make me sad or miserable or depressed. I refuse. I refuse. I will smile in my jail cell. I will refute and refuse to be afraid or scared or depressed. Hackiness wins. Love wins. Shoot me. I'll smile. If they're coming, but a gun in my face and say, times up, I'd say, I knew you were going to back. That's the weapon. What else was to do? I used to have an illness. My nightmares are gone and you know what? I'm going to be very open about this. I'm genuinely sad about that. Sad about well, my nightmares leading me. Because it was a new level to the game of life, I guess.  It was interesting. It was kind of fun, you know, like before I go to sleep, in jail I had that there's my room. I'm glad I went to jail in the winter. I guess it'd be worse in the summer, but there was a really bad infestation of cockroaches and there were always in the blankets and when you select you got warm so they'd all like all the insects and bed bugs, everything would try and attract you. So you'd wrap up and put your trousers in your socks. I had like a pillowcase I put over my head to stop them getting in my mouth. Like this is insects everywhere. Yeah. It's not going to shit ever. They're all over the ceiling. And for a while before I go to bed at home I'm kind of like looking in my covers for insects and stuff. And I catch myself doing it going this is this is unique, you know, before I go to bed I check all my stuff and then I get in bed and I'm not relaxed and I think there might be something crawling on me and then I go to sleep and I wake up and panic. But the whole thing to me was almost very, I was almost observing it in the third person.  I was almost like, oh cool. This is something I've never done before and I've got a lot of training done. I mean, well, it's good sleep. Cause the good sleep, yeah. So I'm like, all right, I don't need to just go bench press another 20,000 Gilo. Yeah. Because I'm not one to waste time. I mean, I certainly got a lot of my life in order and I think the reason I miss it now is because I sleep five or six hours at night now. But back then, three, two, three hours max, I got tons done. I made a bunch of money. My training was on stage. Guillaume, I was having a phone in there and I didn't do what? No, no, this is my, this funny because I didn't have nightmares in jail. Right. In jail, I slept as weird as it is. I had nightmares when I left jail. Right. And thought I might go back in a minute. And I still might go back in a minute. But now I'm like, oh, whatever. But when I, for the first three or four months and I was out of jail when I was having very bad nightmares at home, I was remarkably efficient. I kind of miss, yeah, I got loads, I got loads done. So I kind of miss them and I miss that whole, right? I love that picture of you so much. So the hand color,ario, Kentucky was fine Driving right awhile early, wanted to see a man on camera and he was in to catch a background.  It was it it was a different way to live it was a different level to the game And I think a lot of people would be like oh no, I'm having nightmares. I have to make them go away. Why? Mike mayors aren't real Why would I have to make them go away? Jeff is a genuine question because I'm sure a therapist or some other matrix minded idiot would tell me how important is they're gone But I didn't understand why nightmare can't hurt me. Okay, I woke up. Boo. I woke up It blew what's all cry or eyes out I woke up. No, just go trade. I Think though my divers didn't bother me that much. I'm kind of sad they're gone the women who would sleep next to me Episodemph Or I was like you never sleep. I was like yeah, I can't They'd be lazy sleeping 12 hours and I'd be up doing this doing this So I kind of miss my nightmares unfortunately they're gone But perhaps God will give me another experience just bring some back to me and then I will enjoy them once again Are you haunted yourself? Like I'm not I don't pick up much sympathy About anything from you. I don't  know you really well. So maybe a judgment from where I'm sitting, but are you hard on yourself? And do you sometimes lack sympathy or self love? Am I hard on myself? Yes. Does that benefit me? I believe so. I'm hard on myself because life is hard. I think that your could be life be easier if you thought life was easy because isn't life what you see? Not what it is. What's the point in having an easy life? Well, I want an easy life. If someone were to say to me, do you want an easy life? I'd say that sounds poor. I mean, did Genghis Khan want easy life? Did Alexander the Great want easy life? Did any of the men you can remember from history? Any of the ones actually might ever want an easy life? If I meet a man and he says, I want easy life, I just want to stress the life. I look at him and think you're born to lose. You're born to lose, sir. You have your stress free life and you can serve me my latte and you go, fuck off because you're not made to, it life is war and it's going to be stressful and life isn't always war. Of course it is. Life is war.  for every single aspect of life is war. Not losing your temper and traffic on your way to a podcast is war. Trying to get a girl that the other guy wants is war. Trying to buy a Ferrari that everybody else can't afford is war. Training is war. Fighting is war. Life is war. I see war everywhere. When I see a big beautiful oak tree, I don't see a big beautiful oak tree. I see a tree that destroyed all the saplings around it and crushed them mercilessly. It's war. Life is war. So that's how I view it. I guess the only disadvantage of being so hard on myself because I don't see the disadvantage just because I have zero self sympathy. I blame myself for absolute be everything. Even this matrix attack, I want to make it very clear. I'm looking for sympathy on any level. I'm not an idiot. I ran my mouth on the internet for a very long time. I pissed off very important powerful people and they put me in a jail cell. I sat there in jail like, well, I'm here for the wrong reasons, but all in all, the universe. The universe is giving me. I'm here, guys.  You know, you run your mouth and you piss people off. They're gonna try and teach you a lesson. That's how the world works. Like I'm not gonna sit there and feel sorry for myself. I guess the only disadvantage of being so hard on myself is that I'm extremely hard on others. And some people find me difficult to deal with for that reason. They'll be like, oh, I'm struggling with this. I'm like, I do not give. It has to be done at this time. Oh yeah, but, but, but. I don't care. You will lose your job if it's not done at this time. That's the bottom line. And I guess I can be ruthless, but why would I have sympathy for somebody else I don't have for myself? If I'm gonna be so strict on myself, why would I allow sympathy for others? If I know I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna hold them to my standard now. So I guess to a degree I can be, I can come across as unempathetic to others, I guess. But at least I'm not hypocrite, you know. And I also like to believe that because I lead from the front, I'm not a armchair general. I'm suffering myself. So.  If I'm gonna suffer and I'm gonna perform but I'm gonna get everything I need to do done Then I expect absolutely the same for everybody around me or they're not gonna be around me anymore So am I hard on myself? Yes, will that change? No? Life is war life is hard just both to be hard on yourself perhaps most men would Benefit from being a lot harder on themselves I think I see a lot of men coming up with a lot of excuses for permanent failure. I see it all the time Why I can't pay my bills that up. Okay, cool. Why all you know because it's hard It's all just sympathy bull. I don't I don't want to hear it as garbage. It's hard It's hard for everybody and you're gonna have to just be harder on yourself and pull it off or fail and don't talk to me I have bro. It's it's I don't know what to say. I don't want to come across the psychopath But it's like life is difficult and also I Mean we all we all know that everyone. There's always someone who has it worse But that's that's true. I mean where in Romania you can drive five hours to the border And you'll find men in a ditch can blown apart by drones  You're crying over what? I'll be fine with girl left you. Some chick who doesn't love you anymore. And you're not going to do your work because of it? Well then you're just born to lose. Why do you call women to sit and host? I don't call them hosts. I say a bitch left you and I say it because... If a man's talking about his woman leaving him, I guess it's a detrimental way because he's all this he mad at. Why not? Yeah, I'm actually going to make this clear. I'm no longer prescribed to the asses and I'm... the parameters of these attack words they use. These words like misogynistic and homophobic and racist. All these words are just attack the weapons. They're weapons. And they're weaponized so that you don't have an opinion on certain subjects. I have opinions on females and I have opinions on males. I have opinions on cats and dogs and the rain and the sunshine. I have opinions on certain things and some of them are general...  I believe in general men should go and die in a war. Do I hate men? Because I think they should be blown apart? I also believe women can't park cars very well. Shoot me, put me in jail, put me back with the cockroaches. Oh no, he said it. These are my observations I've come through through my life. The number of times I see a woman struggling to parallel park, I can't even imagine. I can't even imagine. And so what can come to me and say, oh, but the insurance statistics that don't care about matrix statistics, uninterested. I have seen with my own eyes their failures at parallel parking. That's my belief. Am I a soljianist? No, do I hate them? No, it's just an observation I have. And this whole word is weaponized anyway. So I no longer prescribe to these parameters. It's all assidentities, which I no longer prescribe to. I have opinions on everything and everyone. We say that, oh, I call, I just call men kids. I just said you're a loser. I just called men losers. Nobody cares. Nobody cares what I call men losers or brokeies.  But if I say some woman who breaks a man's heart, oh she's evil, oh then I'm a misogist. They are protected in class. And I don't think it should be that way. I think that if we're going to live in a society where women are equal to men, which is fine, and they're going to be held, then they should be held to the same standards men are. Huge news, years in the making, my brand new book that my publishers refuse to publish Money Matrix. Beat the money system and build generational wealth. Understand the three main ways that the bank's product ties you and make money from you. You'll be able to turn that system against itself, build generational wealth and multiple streams of recurring income. It's all at MoneyMateTricks.cash. And if you're quick, the first few hundred registrants and buyers will receive many special bonuses from me, the brand new MoneyMaker Summit three day special event. Meet me at a champagne reception. Meet me at a multi-millionaire networking dinner. Go now MoneyMateTricks.cash. This is huge. Do you think women are equal to men?  In certain respects, women are spirited a man. But I think we're very different. There are certain areas in which a woman will outperform a man, and there are certain areas in which a man will outperform a woman. That makes me a misogynist by modern standards, because you can't mention the areas in which a man will outperform a woman. But women are definitely better than men out of things. Would you drop your child off at all male daycare? I have a three-year-old daughter. Would you leave her with 20 men all day? Yeah. I don't know. Did you buy the afternoons? Well, then you believe in gender roles. Why do you believe in gender roles? We are, I believe, women are better at certain things and men are better at certain things. Naturally, biologic. Absolutely. So, the evolution era. Completely. So, there you go. So, now you believe in gender roles, which is the number one thing they hate the most. So, when I say there's gender roles on a man should lead, because a man is calmer under pressure, then they have a mental breakdown. But we have roles in which we perform our best, right? And I think that everybody with a functioning brain doesn't get offended by that obvious reality.  knows it's true. There are certain scenarios where a man will perform better than a woman, and Sirius and Aras will perform better than a man. And we exist best as a species when the woman does what she's best at, and the man does what he's best at. If you have a tailor and an accountant, and they want to open a company together, well, that company will be most successful if the tailor makes the clothes, and the accountant does the accounting. It's not going to do very well if you try and mix it up, or they start arguing with each other, saying, I can be an accountant just as well as you can. And the accountant's like, why can't make her sure? Now you have a mess, and then they fail. And that's what's happening right now in the Western society. Why can our countries no longer compete by basically any metric? Well, because everything's a mess. At this, you go deep around the rabbit hole, you ask yourself, are they trying to make this mess on purpose? And then you work out they are, then you work out who they are, and all these are really funded NGOs, why they're doing it, how they're trying to make us all slaves by destroying masculine aid. The first thing you have to do if you want to enslave a populist is destroy the people who defend the population, which are always going to be the manks to manify.  days of all they come in and just kill all the military age males now they just nuke for us then you have me when you say new to us you may remove our masculinity absolutely yeah they knew to us we're now we're now living in a world where a man is remark is remotely masculine in any way is attacked for it if I say my wife is allowed to talk to other men men to break down they're about to put me on BBC one this morning all over the front of the guardian who watches this crap and your tastes toxicly masculine he's controlling he's evil in his heart why could my woman's not allowed to go parry with a bunch of dudes one she doesn't want to but that's the first thing she doesn't want to secondly if I had a wife and she said I want to go party with Mike and Nathan I'm like who who who who who's Mike and who is that Ethan know you're not and she says well I'm gonna do it I'll say fine then you that I'm not your husband goodbye  I'm not going to attack or I'm not going to beat her up, but I have standards. Once again, they attack masculinity because masculinity is based on parameters of standards. That's what masculinity is. Masculinity has always been traditionally defending a border. Let's go back a couple thousand years. What did the men do? This is our land. If you come here, you have to fight us. That's all masculinity he ever was. So we're masculinity in of itself is built around enforcing parameters and you enforce parameters with your children and your business and your relationship and your friendships. That's what you do as a man, but you're not allowed to now. That's how they attack masculinity. You know, you have to accept everything, especially from women. If you don't accept everything from women all of the time, you're a misogynist. If you have any standards whatsoever, you're a bad person. You're not even allowed standards and how a woman looks. Here, let me get some back to jail. I don't find fat women attractive.  If a woman says I don't find short men attractive, who cares? Nobody. If I say fat women aren't attractive, they're about to put me once again. Good morning. Facts shaming. Misogynistic. They're going to attack me for having a standard. Why am I not a standard? It doesn't matter. They have standards. In fact, I'd argue women have higher standards than anyone. Ask the average woman on the street what she wants an a man. The average woman. I don't want to be sure. I want to be rich. I want to be smart. I want to be interesting. Charismatic. He has to be spontaneous. He has to love my family. He has to love my dog. And then he should go on for 25 minutes about what she wants. All I'm saying is put the doughnuts down. And they want to throw me back in jail. All I'm saying is don't eat so much pie. Whole thing is hypocritical and is garbage. And that's what is home misogynistic attack is garbage. And they're doing it specifically so that men don't have any standards anymore. And that's why they're trying to new to us. Because if you have standards, especially in your household.  The number one thing that's going to inspire you to resisted is sticking up for defending your family. By extension your town, by extension your nation. If they attack it at the nucleus, they attack it at the very beginning. If you don't feel like a man in your own house, if you have no control and influence over your own castle, why do you care about weapons to your town? Or your city or your country. And then they come along with this enslavement and you're just like, oh well, okay, I guess. You just sit there and just end up a slave. Wait for the QR code to be stamped on your head. For the camera to detect if you're allowed to walk down that street, or you get in a bullet in your head from the robot sniper. So where's all going? So they don't like masculinity. Masculinity is no good to them. Masculinity was only good to them if we'd go and die in wars. And now a lot of men have woken up to that stupid. We're not going to do that anymore. And they've made enough. They've got good enough technology. They can just sense some planes or some cruise missiles and blow up whatever farmer needs to die for freedom.  Some poor innocent farmer who made $3 his entire life. He needs to be blown apart by a $600,000 missile. Otherwise, you won't be free to get a coffee. So they're gonna go do that. So what are they need a masculinity for? Because we have forammers. They don't want us to have forammers. They want us to accept everything and they start with this feminism garbage. It's really interesting because I would argue, and I'm pretty good at arguing. I've been around. I've been around. Is anyone ever beaten you in an argument? No. Never. Could anyone? It depends what we're arguing about, but I believe that I can argue even when I know I'm wrong. Who could beat you in an argument? Who could challenge you to a great argument? It's a good question. It depends on the subject. I'm not that impressed by any of these intellectuals we see. So Jordan Peterson, could he out argue you? Pearson and I have an interesting relationship. I believe the enemy of my enemy is my friend.  However, I do believe it's hypocrite. I think it's very difficult to sit and talk about mental rigidity and how you should be a man who is unafraid of the horrors of the world and then end up addicted to antidepressants. I think that's hypocritical personally. He also talks very slowly, which is why he would always lose an argument to me because he's too slow and I'm very fast. Speedwits trust me. I've been in the cage, I know. And he knows that. He would never want to debate me. But I guess it depends what we're talking about. If he wants to talk about the intricacies of some old philosopher, some book he's read. I've never read the book. Maybe he could perhaps pull off a semi-interesting point. But then I also believe I'm quick-fire, bro. I'll tell you more. And there's no big deal. But yeah. What about Elon Musk? Did you see him rinse? I'm a baby-seed-jahee. Amazing. That was fucking jeez. It was amazing. And it's amazing also how I like to believe I've been a-  huge component or a very important point, a very important part of the matrix crackings. I do think it's actually cracking now. Only the very stupid belief, anything the MSM says anymore. Anyone with a brain has woked up and realized that everything is a lie. Everything is a lie. Education is a lie. Judicial systems a lie. The news is a lie. Money is a lie. Everything's a lie. Everything you were taught in education was a lie. All of it. Anyone with a brain has started to realize that now. The interdynamics between men and women, I'll against a lie. We can go back to the original point, I'm talking about men and women. And it's always the thing that gets me in trouble, but it's true. And when I was going to say I'll argue the point, I'll argue the point that 80% of women agree with me. I've never had a negative interaction with a female ever. Every single woman who comes up never ever, besides Lucy from the BBC. Every single woman who comes up to me on the street says, finally, but you're telling the truth. And next, it doesn't like you. They all miss me.  They scroll Instagram, seeing my face endlessly like, ah, how do I get him back? No. Really though, we've all been hurt. It's not about being hurt. I'm talking about the fact that I try and paint this image of me being disliked by women, and I've never experienced it at all. I get thousands of love letters a week, thousands from women all around the world begging to be with me. It's the truth. And all I do is say the absolute truth. So once again, we talk about lies, but not only are they lying trying to pretend I'm an enemy of females, which I'm not. They also lie about how men and women in today dynamics should work. They lie about that. They sit and say, no, to keep your woman happy, let her do whatever she wants, and let her be basically in charge, let her run around and do whatever she likes, let her have male friends and buy all this stuff. And that's not true. It doesn't work. And it's a side off on many levels. I was talking to my brother yesterday where I was saying that I believe currently, there's this global competition. But.  between women who have found themselves a sim, of who can cuck their man the hardest on TikTok. It's, it's crack me out. Bro, but it's, you know, you know, you know what, you see these women, they're like, I found my perfect man, and he bought me all the, they run around with her phone. He bought me all these Louis Vuitton bags, and he bought me this car, and I'm out now with my girlies for coffee with my allowance, and he's gonna give me a $3 million wedding, and I'm gonna wear a white dress, and that, she's just advertising the subservience of her man. She's just saying, my man's a slave. He's a sim, because twice a month he might get lucky, and I'm gonna advertise to all the other women on TikTok. How well I've got my slave behaving. I'm gonna cuck him publicly, and it's like a big global competition. And I see these TikToks of this insanity, and I'm like, I'm a billionaire, and my woman, yeah, she's looked after, of course, but if she was running around making TikToks like this, I'd be like, you better delete that account. We're gonna fucking job. I think they're hiring over at McDonald's, young lady.  You want to go you want to go by $10,000 bags and talk about that but and that's she's not doing that to show appreciation to her Man absolutely not she's doing it to show state as to other women she's showing off and the worst thing about it is People will have her convinced or the world will have you convinced that woman's now happy with her man She isn't she doesn't respect him which means she's miserable anyway Which is why she's so obsessed with money and cars and garbage because she's miserable the woman really loves you She doesn't even care about that stuff So there's a global competition to cut your man and that's part of the to sigh up inside of the matrix because they're trying to destroy the idea of Inter personal dynamics because that's where happy families come from which comes which inspires resistance a Woman's happy when she has a man. She truly looks looks up to and truly respects she's all gonna respect you if you're if you're a Bank Take it from a very rich man if you're nothing but a bank she ain't gonna respect you She respects you and gets rewarding gets presents and is taking care of of course, but if you are simply a bank account  She's not gonna respect you. Why do these rich men's wives sleep with the gardener? It's the gardener. He broke his joke. Because they don't respect you. So all of this is part of the larger style and a lot of women come up to me and and sing my praises. Maybe well 80% of the fan mail I receive is from women. What does that do to your ego? Like this would give you a god complex. Do I have an ego? Of course she fucking. Of course I do. Who would it? Top G. You know, it's actually kind of cool. The only thing that's kind of cool about it is if I want to go on a date, let's say, and I don't, because I've settled down now. I've got my wives have settled down. Found the, you know, 11 good ones, I'm not. I'm a loyal man. But let's say I want to go on a date. It's kind of cool because I remember days of old. We're like, you'd have to go on a date and you'd have to sit in my talk and be in.  Interesting. You know, you have to be like, oh, so tell me again about your job. What do you do? Oh, marketing. Wow, that must be hard. That's definitely not a diversity hire. Tell me more about what do you do three meals a day? Interesting. You have to sit there and talk crap. It's kind of cool when you get to this level because you have all these women just saying, you're the king of the world, you're the king of the world, and they know everything about you. So if you want to go on a date, you just scroll through the pictures and go, okay, you this time, this place, and they'll show up and you'll just sit there and I'll usually come with the guys because we'll be doing something else. I'll just bring them along by proxy. I'm like, oh, you've got to put over games. You just, nice to meet you. Okay. But you wouldn't, wouldn't you be interested in war about a woman just the way they look on my point is they know everything about me already and they're already loving me. So I don't have to talk to them unless I want to. But you would have talked to it sometimes. Sometimes I don't. But it's kind of cool. It's just like, it's not, it's done. It's already, it's all done. It's not too easy. That's not war for you. Maybe you need to really fight for all in how war and then appreciate them. I have enough words. The last thing I need to be.  He said everything is what it is. It is, you're right. So it's even so easy for you. Well, that exactly, so I've retired. It's conquered, it's done. It's done, it's done. It's all in a live. I couldn't say, you know what, you're beautiful this time this place and she wouldn't show up. And I'm like, okay, how are you guys? And very nice to meet you. My wife wouldn't go to, because we've had this, because we've had, you know, as a conversation to me coming out. Because she's in love with you, so she shouldn't. Right. But my point is, if I got to, if I decided I wanted to court a female, I would have choices and I wouldn't have to sit and date effectively. Because you get to a certain level of status where they're just chasing you and that's fine. And I'm not saying this in a horrible way at all. In fact, I actually really like it. And I actually respect when a woman will turn up and she knows everything about me and she likes me and she wants to be with me. And it's all done. It's a done deal. Good. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you done deal. Pump cool. And I just get to play poker and my friends and stuff. That's cool. But I've settled down. But, um, so we, we said a level one or a level one. I can't let the matrix know everything.  because no, because there is always going to be. It's all attack vectors. I have to die. I have to smoke screen because it's all attack vectors and the largest attack vector for a man will always be women. I don't know what most men understand this, but the easiest way to get a man in any regard is a woman because women have basically no opsec in general. To explain no opsec, so they have no operational security. They have no opsec. So if my brother and I go somewhere, I know that unless I want people to know I'm there, no one will know I'm there. If we bring either of our girlfriends sooner or later, there's the corner of a cop on an Instagram story or... Or Pishik and Bukes. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, do I get that one? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's true, but they knew where I lived anyway. I didn't get rated for pizza. They knew exactly where I was. But women aren't very good at operational security firstly. Secondly, women are easy to scare as they should be. So if you need to, your woman can love you with all her.  heart. But if they want to find out where you are and they kidnapped your wife, she's going to tell them. Yeah. Of course she is. If the police interviewer, she's going to tell them. Of course she is. Women are the attack vector. And I'm talking about this from a law enforcement perspective. I can also talk about it from my previous life. If I had an enemy and I wanted to get hold of it and I couldn't get hold of it or I couldn't find it, we just find a trick. She'll tell us or you at least watch her. She'll give it up. Every single time she'll make a mistake because women don't have this combative mentality. And I wouldn't want a woman who does because that's a man. So what about it? What a woman. So I'm not I'm not being so genistic. I'm saying that the kind of woman I like who's truly feminine who I'd want to be with is a primary target. Law enforcement know this too. Law enforcement will arrest a man. Let's let me couple a hypothetical situation. Hypothetical. Imagine there's a guy called top T.  Top T is arrested. Top T is accused of human trafficking. He's accused of human trafficking because he told two of his friends while hours to post on TikTok. Matrix attack garbage. The law enforcement know it's garbage. Everybody knows garbage. The primary objective in this hypothetical story is to put the man in jail, use the medium machine to slander him, and to drum up a real case. Because he's now in jail, they've got some months to find something real because all they have now is TikTok. It's stupid. So they call all of his ex-girlfriends or every girl he's ever interacted with and they sit down and say, were you a victim of anger when they say a victim of what? He never did anything to me. He never hurt me. He never hit me. Ah, but did he manipulate you? What does that mean? Manipulate me to do what? He took me to dinner when you mean manipulate. Then what they do is they bring out a league table in this hypothetical scenario. They bring out literally a league table, a spreadsheet. After going through this imaginary person's bank accounts saying, well, where do you take you for dinner? Here? Oh, where else do you take you here? I don't know.  thousand year on you. Do you know he bought this girl this? Do you know he spent this much on this girl? Do you know he went here with this girl and he'll put together a lead table with financials next to each name almost like the premier league? Your number 13 What's your sit there and go? I loved him. On number 13. Why that get diamonds That's the beginning of the six hour interview and the pressure And trying to agree to some manipulation or she was Just because she was sad. They don't care if it's real. They just want the signature So women are the attack vector So if you're a man with any kind of past And they get their lead tables in order and they get their stories in order and they got their surveillance photos of when you went to the same restaurant with the girl She doesn't like and they get it all together. They start putting it down in front of you that woman who you took care of But you spent time with who was very happy with your interactions who loved you is now being weaponized against you  Women are the number one attack factor for a man by law enforcement and by your enemies If you're a man out here and you have your dating through for women Please understand that if I was the police or if I want you dead We would look at those three or four women and we're and work out how to use them against you That's the bottom line. Does that and does that mean you Strungle to open up to a man because of the threat that are you close to them? I mean I am I'm cautious Because so maybe you don't give in them the full years. No, it's not that I'm doing them a favor That line I'm doing them a favor. I am yeah, I'll tell you why You take the average chick, but what I'm I'm asking about you though. Yeah, I am don't want me Yeah, take the average chick and say you were gonna have to go through a six-hour interview With federal agencies and you're gonna have to not make  single mistake and not give away a single detail and perhaps you're going to have to obscure or lie by a mission, have to be very careful so they can't get any details of our relationship or our life so they can't destroy me. And it's going to be six hours against professionals. You tell her that, she'll start demanding, right? She'll start to worry and she'll get nervous, which means she's doing it even worse. It's better if she doesn't know anything of the tale. I'm doing her a favor. When they sit down and say, how does Andrew fake money? She goes, you know what, I've been all around the world on private jets. I don't know. But does that not really know intimacy? I swear not. I'm protecting her. I'm protecting her because she no longer has to sit there and go, okay, I know he does this, this, this, and this. What have they asked me about this, this, and this? What have they already know? What have they had to know? She doesn't know. She doesn't know. So it's easy. Can you share anything about who you are? Of course they know who I am. I'm a man who takes care of my people. I'm a man who never fails. I'm a man who's brutally competent. Who ask any of my wives where my bank account is in which country?  They couldn't tell you. And that's good for them. I'm protecting them. So now they haven't got a lie. I don't know. I don't know. I have a pretty dress on, the hip hop me, and I have no idea where it came from. And that's that benefits them. Now, but does that not feel like you could get closer to a woman and really fall in more deeply in love? Oh, that's our weakness for you. No, it's not a weakness because a man falls in love. I believe a man shows love through one finance. I do believe you give a woman money if you lover because money is the time and energy that you put into the world. So I do believe that men show love via money. And I also believe we show love through protection. And which is what about connection? Is that what I'm talking about? Completely, but I'm going to connect with a woman I protect. If I don't protect a woman, I'm not going to connect with her naturally. If I have a woman who says, I don't want your protection, I don't want your rules and I'm going to do whatever I want, but I'm going to connect with her. If I have a woman who I truly care about, I have to look her, say, I want to protect you in all realms, from everything and everyone. If you're including a police interview, have you ever  any weakness to a woman. Valrability of cried in front of a woman. No, I don't cry in general. But yeah, I, I, there certainly women I've been with for a long time know what bothers me. Absolutely. And you are okay with that. Well, completely. But I'm saying that I'm not going to put her in a position where she needs to rely on her quick wit against a federal agency or her quick wit against anybody else. I think that would be irresponsible for me as a man. Why would I do that? I think the most responsible thing I can do is, is to have my woman live a princess life and be taken care of and for us to be in love. And if she ever ends up under pressure, she defaults to the truth. Because people say women are fantastic liars. I'd argue the opposite. I think women are terrible liars. And no woman's ever managed to lie to me. It takes three seconds to tear their lies apart. Three seconds. So women can't lie. So just sit there until the truth and the truth is I don't know. I don't know.  I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. And they just, I don't know their way through it. That's me being pr- that's me being responsible. For the same reason I won't let my toddler put her finger in a plug socket, I'm like a tell a woman where I do my banking. She doesn't need to know. And if she, for some reason, finds that detrimental to our connection, then I guess she's gonna have to go find another famous billionaire, isn't she? But she'll probably struggle. Because there's not many of us. And she's gonna have to just deal with it. Are you really a billionaire? I really? Yes. Cause I'll tell you why. So let's, it's interesting because- Cause I think you've turned over billions, but I don't think you've got a network of a billion. Well, how do you calculate that worth? That worth is semi-subjective, would you agree? Mm. The assets minus liability. Okay, so we have assets minus liability, but then let's say you're assets are companies. Or let's say you're assets are a brand. Then it becomes subjective. Yeah, well, it becomes what someone will pay for at the time if you sell it. Okay, we're getting subjective in the moment. Oh, well, that's right, but I've never tried to sell my companies, but then- But a lot of people go, oh my company's worth a billion. It's actually worth a billion.  Correct. You're completely right. So this is why I'm talking about how it's objective. So then what you can do is you can go online and you can look at Previously sold or motorized Multiplines. That's right. So let's say let's say I had A tech company. Let's say I had an online educational platform that turned over $150 million a year at 80% profit Let's say And let's say in the real world let's say you did let's say I had yeah, right? And then you would say well the standardized tech multiplier is six or seven Especially with a margin like that. Well, that's a billion dollar company But it's not it's not a personal billion dollar network. What's a billion dollar company that's owned by me Tristan has no share in Shares just thinking inside the matrix. The shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares shares Don't want to own the old paper. It just exists. It's just there If I leave it if I if I sold everything I own For the fair price I would have a lot more than a billion dollars So you want to if you want to talk about hard assets like  real estate cars. Let's do that. Let's do that then. How much would a state have you got? That matrix is after me. They're trying, they took everything from me. Decaught took it all. You said to me everything. You told me to come to Romania and bring everything. But Decaught took everything of course. But I actually work this as funny you asked me this question because my brother and I worked this out only a week and a half ago. We were like, if you know what you have, you ain't got much. What do we have? But you're not worth it every year. No. Because if I want something, you cannot lost what you do on mission. If I want something, I just buy it. If I want a $5.4 million Pagani to go with a Pagani penthouse that costs $29 million then I just buy both. I just buy them. Buy them. I just send a message. Because some are the important to the competent authority, purchase and it's done. I have hundreds of millions of dollars of real estate. Right. But I'm not gonna say where it is. I didn't ask you that. I would not ask you that. I have hundreds of millions of dollars of real estate.  I was like, whoa, no, sorry, let me rephrase that. There is a company owned by a company owned by a trust fund owned by a company that has hundreds of millions of dollars of real estate, which is two. Okay, and how many cars do you currently have? 59? I think I bought another one yesterday. What was that? It was only a horror content cover. It was the last one off of the production line. Yeah, I thought I'll buy it. So what's the 59 cars worth? Well, let's try and work this out. I have a Rebecca Rivera. He's out on order. Not finished. Just he's collecting, but yeah, I'm on judicial control. I cannot leave Romania. That's around five million. I have to be got here around five million. I have two, two Jimeras ordered. They were five million each. I got Jessica. That's five million. So that's five cars already at 30 million. Why three Jimeras? Because I specced it and I couldn't decide which color. Right? It was between the two. Yeah. And I thought, well, I'm not a brokeie. Let's pop up. All right. What's the current exact process at buying?  It must be a pain in the ass, like, I guess it's quite list all that for the average man, perhaps, yeah. When you're entertained, when you look, a wife done for the Bugatti brand, think about it. Do they like you? Well, I don't know. Maybe they don't like me in traffic or whatever. I guarantee the word Bugatti has been said before in the last two years, I was ever said in this entire history. But I see the current and say, I want you a mirrorist or like, yes sir. So they like you. I think so. Yeah. All right. Now, there are any calm browns that won't sell to you? Are there any watch brands that won't sell to you? Everyone loves me, Rob. This is the sire. There's a sire off that. I'm so dislike the person. Every single person likes me all of the time. I've never, I've yet to have a negative interaction. There must be one stuff, go for an ex-girlfriend that doesn't like you. Well, no one is like by everyone. I'm sure Decauph tried very hard to find her. I mean, that was their job, right? We just discussed their entire attack matrix. They interviewed 2,000 women who dislike, and I'll say this also right here. I think this might be a world exclusive. I'll make this clear.  My first file Is almost dead now because this garbage Do you call have a second file that they've been working on for a very long time? So when I first got out of jail When the judge released us from house arrest the judge read the file and said this is stupid and released us from house arrest That day a new file started and new interviews with girls began so decal have a second file So if I continue to win they're gonna hit me again I should these you alive basically. Oh, yeah completely. Yeah, they're gonna continue to hit me and I'm I ever gonna get a remain I don't know but They've been interviewing girls to that now the girls I know who have gone have all called me after saying these people are crazy They were tried they tried everything to give me to sign a victim paper and I wouldn't sign it Those are the girls who told me after they left but those are the girls I have good relationships with did a girl go Who I have forgotten about and sign a paper sings as a victim of I don't know Big bulk too many nice stairs  And then, and then not call me after. And will I find out about that when they come and raid my house again and throw me back in a jail cell with the second file? Perhaps. Life is war. What can you do? My friend, I'm a 37 year old man. I'm also exceptional. Me handsome. I have ex girlfriends. That's life. And at my, at my echelon, they're going to attack you via the females you know. And I'll argue here, there's not a single 37 year old man you can buy on the planet. They don't have a stop ex girlfriend somewhere. So yeah, do I? Probably, sorry, except your exes. Well, no, the point is that that's why this attack vector is so deadly. That's why it's so effective. If they sit a woman down again, hypothetical scenario. Top T, one of his girlfriends gets called, goes to their sits down. She calls him after it says, they were telling me that if I'm a victim, I get compensation from you when you're found guilty. If I'm a witness in your defense, I have to pay my own legal fees and they were trying to tell me I need a  a hundred thousand euro to not be a victim, but I'll get paid money if I am a victim. Now that is lie. But that's what the authority were telling these girls to try and get them to sign pieces of paper to try and destroy my life in this second file. This imaginary, top T's, imaginary. So is that scary? Yeah. Do I have ex-girlfriends or people for me? Probably. Have they been found by authorities and tracked down and pressured into signing pieces of paper saying their victims of God knows what? Maybe. You can go deeper down the rabbit hole. What is human trafficking? I was mean to say this all the time. We're like, okay, so we're a choose of human trafficking because they're saying that we told girls to post on TikTok at certain times. So we controlled them via the lover boy method, which means we controlled them via being nice. So we were nice to people and nicely asked them to nicely post on TikTok to steal the money.  from TikTok, right? That's human trafficking. How is any boss of any company, not human trafficker? Do you nicely ask your staff to do something at a particular time? Sometimes I know very nicely asked and today's what we're in a law trouble store. Cause do you do that for financial gain? Of course I do. Is that person a woman? Sometimes. Dale, you penis, shoes of a vagina, you influencer and manipulate at her. She has no sovereignty at all over her own decisions. You're trying to cancel me. Sorry. You are, you can be the, but this is the bull. It's a complete bull. So they say they're okay. Well, how did I manipulate her? Well because you're a man and she's a woman. Well then you're a misogynist. Because you're saying women have no agency and can't make their own decisions. Why can't a woman say I've decided I want to listen to this man as my boss and make money or I've decided not to do what this man says? You're saying that women have no control over their own minds. Every single thing a man says to them, they obey like slave robots. You're a misogynist.  You are calling women stupid. So why am I under attack for being a misogynist for believing that a woman can work for a company and decided she wants to do what she's supposed to do one time or not? How does that make me a misogynist? Are you fucking angry? I am amused. I am deeply amused. I am deeply amused by the state of this world. I think there's anger in there. Oh no, I'm an angry person because anger is a fuel. And that's how I get so much done. But I'm not angry in a negative sense. I actually think anger is a fantastic feeling to have. I would be worried about myself if I wasn't angry. I'm angry all the time. Yes, but I was angry before all this garbage. But I'm just genuinely amused at the state of the world where we're going to have this hypocritical frame of society where women are perpetual victims and everything a man does to them wasn't their fault. And every single decision they make was a man's fault at some point. This five years ago, that sex with a guy which they now regret, which is the man.  It was in their decision and their victims who should be protected and believed in all regards and if a man doesn't Anything to them he's a human trafficker at the same time their fears and independent and They're equal to men in fact better than men in everything and we've put these two frames together That's in the same society and we're sitting here going So if the truth is if a woman can't be trusted to make her own decision she should be listening to her father I guess But they're saying no women don't listen to their fathers are dependent they do what they want Okay, well, she's independent she can do she wants she decided to become a star by me a caliphate it And then when she regrets doing She starts doing videos saying my manager tricked me That's what happened if your manager can convince you to do Wasn't she making hundreds of millions on Ali fans? Oh, yes, I was also did he trick her into that of course he did Yeah, so if your manager can trick you into having sex with 300 men for hundreds of millions of dollars  over a period of six years. Oops. Then perhaps you should do as your dad says. But at the same time, you think you're too smart to listen to your father. Which one is it? Well, the society needs to make its mind up. The whole thing is a joke. And all of it is done on purpose. And it's all done on purpose to deliberately attack masculinity. It's not safe to be a man anymore. You can't be a man and have normal relations with women in any regard without it being used against you if they so wish. Every single man watching this podcast is guilty. You are all human traffickers. You're all manipulative. You're all controlling. You're all emotionally abusive. All of you can go to jail if you off the government enough. And they will find some girl who said, he emotionally coerced me because he wouldn't let me go drinking with a bunch of men. And he I felt controlled and she'll do it.  domestic violence support, even though you've never touched her for controlling behavior, and they will drag you to a police interview and sit you down, they will then take your mobile phone, they will go through your phone and find every other girl you've ever spoken to, see if they can give some other statements against you. They'll also find the tie, your soldier T-shirt on eBay, and didn't pay taxes, and you sir are going to jail. All of you are guilty. If you are a man, you are guilty of everything all of the time, and this is done on purpose, because if you're a man like me who stands up and tells the truth, they already know you're guilty. So they're like, ah, okay, he's guilty of something, teach him a lesson. You're living in a state of society as a man now, where you're all permanently, your heads on the chopping block, and the only way you could not have the guilty in come down to take it off is to be quiet and weak and not to talk too much. Don't tell the truth. No, and that's the one we're living in now. And the crazy thing about it is, crazy true, crazy.  This is the crazy thing. I'm getting crammed. Don't fight another crazy thing. This is, I say all of this. And 70% of people sit there and go, yeah, it's true. If you're a man, you're perfectly guilty, and they keep it all over your head, and they try and make you scared to tell the truth because they'll punish you. There are still 30% of people out there who believe this. Andrew Tague became the most famous, most Google man in the world, speaking against government and authority. But they didn't put him in jail for that. They put him in jail because of TikTok, because he's a human track. There are people that stupid. And these people get to vote. These people are usually the ones they put in the news. These people run the liberal NGOs. These people are teachers. These people are lawyers. People are police officers. You want to talk about how messed up society is. Sit me down with the average police officer and let me talk to him for five minutes. And I'll prove to you conclusively that they are stupid. All of them. And they're...  charge of your life these people. Give me the average primary school teacher on a Monday morning after she'd been drinking all weekend, sleeping with God knows who. And let's sit her down and see who's educating our children. Whole world's a mess, and these people sit there and go, yeah, I'm doing some good, I'm doing some good, I'm doing some good, because the BBC told me, oh the thing, the BBC told, oh well, it must be true. Clown world, clown world is no longer safe to be a man on any level. So when you ask me, because I like to go back to previous points we made, I think it's nice to be cyclical. You ask me about the fact that am I afraid they're going to pull it in my head. They're going to pull it in all heads. Do you understand? At least I get to die first. At least they remember my name. If we all have to jump off the cliff, at least I get to go first. Wait, wait, Lads. Well, Andrew Tate went first. Because we're all going to die. The only way to stay alive as a man now is to not be a man.  anymore to be a chick. I'd be afraid because men are cowards. Oh, don't kill me. No, okay. I refuse. I refuse absolutely. Just shoot me or put me back in jail. It's fine. I refuse. Until I get down, I'll drive my Ferrari around. I'm gonna say whatever I want. But this is gonna happen. I don't care anymore. Put me in jail. Put me back in jail. I don't care. Our work does something that's actually great, fantastic for everyone at home who's worried about vote to jail. So all the men at home, because they're gonna come for all of us, if you have any kind of opinion or your two-year girlfriend, not to sleep with other men, somehow that makes you controlling. If you go to jail, you can still smoke, which means there's nothing the government can really do to you that prevents you from getting cigarettes. It's a nice one. Cigarettes is life, is it? I mean, cup of coffee, cigarette, push-ups. That's jail. That's life. So I do. I'm a billionaire. That's all I basically do. Train.  Smoke, total, I brother. Yeah. This is, it's the same. At least I'll be in the go-log with a pure heart and a pure soul. You know, I'll be in the go-log looking out the window at all these other men walking around in freedom and they'll feel sorry for me and I'll feel sorry for them. But no, because you're not free. You know this cigar thing now. Yeah. Like, because I'm saying, I have a lot of mutual connections here. It just seems like you sort of suck in and could you just like the eatin' out? No, no, no, no, sir. I mean, I can't, I'll actually talk about the cigar. I have to smile in photos. I know that's like, sacrilege. No, no, no. And I can't smile the cigars. I just can't, I understand that. And then let me talk about the cigar thing. What am I missing? Well, I do believe that nicotine is very good for you. That might be a controversial belief. I think it, actually, I think science has agreed that nicotine overall is pretty good for you is to deliver a vehicle that can be bad for you smoking. But I've seen it into the future.  I don't get cancer, I'm under take. It's just not the way it's gonna go. It's almost scared of that. So I do believe that there's massive health benefits to smoking cigars. However, I don't... Why use smoke them? Because there's massive health benefits. They make me stronger, yeah. Before I spar at the house, before we were gonna do 12 rounds of fighting, I'll have a cigar power me up, of course. 100%. It's all in video. So yeah, I do believe smoking makes me stronger. However, I will argue this point. I do think it is to juxtaposition of things that makes them interesting. Do you think, do you feel responsible of saying that, Brad and I probably a lot of people are now gonna smoke 48 a day before doing getting to the house? Well, that's just the point I'm gonna go into. I think it's to juxtaposition of things that make them interesting. So if someone wants to start smoking cigars because of me, I would argue... Which would be a lot of people. Well, well then, if they don't look like I do, they're a fool. The reason me to have Mr. Garas calls because I'm in better physical condition than most. All the big athletes, I look...  better than most Olympic athletes. I'm on zero steroids, zero drums of any kind. I take zero protein powders. I don't take creatine, nothing. I eat steak. I smoke cigars. I drink coffee. That's what I do. Gina, one of your best friends called me gay for ordering broccoli. I have nothing against broccoli. Why, I'm a Bayy Coby gay. Should've punched me. I shouldn't've done it. He said, thanks, you have seen five. I thought that, I think I know who you are. I know who you mean. Um, but... If you're in fantastic physical condition, you smoke cigars. It's cool. You're a fan of shape, it's smoke cigars, not? So I think it's a just in position of things that make it context. Oh, yeah, it's context. Like I smoke a big fast cigar, but I also look at Olympic athlete. If I lost all my physical conditioning and lost my body and lost my prowess, would I stop smoking? Yes. So I guess to smoke cigars, you should earn it. And if you start, if you can run a marathon, like I could right now, without anything, give me shoots, I'll run a marathon. If you can fight 15 rounds, you can kick the shit out people, then you gotta have a cigar, of course.  course. I'm sure LeBron James or whatever could speak to Gar. I'm sure we're an albohg could speak to Gar. He's an albohg. But if you're not in that, if you're not in that shape, then you should be spoken to him. The cigar should be earned. So I'm allowed because I'm super humanly strong. I'm allowed because I'm a superhero. The last superhero, the current superhero of earth for all the children is Andrew T. I am the superhero. So I'm allowed. I'm never an officer. I'm a superhero. There. I'm a superhero. I'm a superhero. So yeah, I think, but I do think smoke is good for your role. Okay. So when we were talking before I came out here, you said you were off with yourself because there's things you really wanted to say and you didn't or couldn't say them whether it was Lloyd's advice or yeah, and you said to me, you're going to say them to Europe. Yeah. What are those things? You know what's interesting? I don't think it's necessarily the things I say. I think it's the way I...  think them. For a while, a lot of people think I'm crazy. They don't realize I'll actually heavily sanitized myself. Like I have sentences in my head that I've had to deconstruct and reconstruct into a sanitized manner. Most people are not ready for me to say things the way I truly think them. And I've been so far being a bit more open than I've had to be previously. And I also want people at who are watching this to appreciate the risk I'm taking even doing the podcast. Like in my legal situation, I'm not supposed to be talking to anybody by anything. PR, lawyers, everyone's sitting and saying, Androm, just shut up until you get at this. That's what they want me to do. It's maybe on, let me self-manalize. You can be my psychotherapist. And what we picked off about yourself, because... No, I'm picked off because maybe part of me. I don't know if it's the masculine...  in essence or I don't know if it's the childishness. You know when someone says don't touch that ball. What, grab it. So you know when you come out and say, you know what I'm like, don't do podcasts. Don't make fun of the police. Don't tell them you won't shut up. Don't say women camp park. Andrew, it's very important. Don't. You're like, and you think about it. There's definitely a part of that in me. I don't know if I'm childish. I don't know if I'm, I don't think it's arrogance. I think also there's a masculine essence to it. Don't tell me what to do. So I'm pissed off because I'm very constrained. For a year and a half, my life has been constrained. By extension, the things I can say have been constrained. And not only the things I can say, but the way I say them has been constrained. And I feel very frustrated with that. It's very frustrating. But I'm, I'm sure. So I'm constrained yourself right here. I'm, well, I am. And I'm doing my best, but I'm.  trying to also be diligent because I would like to delay my return to the dungeon. It wasn't a particularly fun time. It wasn't a nice place to be. I've accepted I'll go back. I think that's the best mental model to have. I can either be pleasantly surprised or correct. Too good options. But I'm trying to delay it. But it is a no to see certain things and think certain things and have certain observations because that means they're winning. Why did they do this to me? To shut me up. So if I shut up even 5% they'd want. Unlike my enemies win. Do you understand how that hurts my soul? Yeah, because there's still things here you're not saying I can sense it. Yeah. But then you have to understand that perhaps now you know the consequences of saying that it's not even the consequences. Perhaps the most intelligent thing for me to do with my masterful Ikeido is to just continue to coil the spring and to a lure to certain Ikeido.  ideals or to give whispers of certain truths that I know. And then everybody becomes ultra-interested, and the spring continues to coil. And then if I finally do escape, perhaps it's the smartest thing. Is escape possible though? That's a good question. You know, it's kind of interesting. What is law? What someone decided who has more power than someone else? Yeah. So it's a personal opinion. Because if law... Well, there's a universal law which you can't break, and there's a human law which have many penance of a little breakable. I love that. And you're completely right. And these human laws, the reason you need lawyers and judges and stuff to decipher them, is because they're subjective. What is law? It's just someone in a room. It's kind of interesting. The whole world works that way. What is education? Someone in a room deciding something. What is...  government, someone in a room deciding something. What is a company, someone in a room giving orders? What is law, someone in a room? Who's in that room? What did they decide? What even is it in this? All of it is so subjective, it's all smoking mirrors. So it is a very interesting experience because I actually, I'm gonna give some credit to the Romanian state. With some of the decisions I've seen in the West now, I feel like I have a failure shot in a Romanian court and I'm in an American court. Like what? I think Trump just had to pay $90 million for some woman who lied. Something insane. So, will all this, then you start to go down the river, okay, so which courts are fair? So do you think you'd be more f*****ly UK with what's going with Russell Brown and people like that? Well, the UK government hates me. They talk about me in Parliament. Members of Parliament stand up. I mean, they tried to ban you for the entire school system, is they? They stand up. Members of Parliament stand up and say, I'm public enemy number one. Not the knife crime, not the stabbing, not the robbery.  not the drug dealers, not the rangerovers that go missing 10 times a night. No. Andrew Tates and women can't park. Put ham in jail. So then if that's a bullet, members of parliament hate me and talk about me in question time. Would I get a fair chance in a UK court? Do you think I'd get a fair shot? I think that's why you're in Romania personally. Well then who told Romania to do this to me? So you don't think Romania is doing this to you? The rabbit hole is deep. Whispers of the truth. The coiled spring for the big explosion. The big explosion of I want to push you by a dome because I respect the fact you're giving me a lot of time. Yeah. But I've got to do my job, haven't I? Absolutely. But I'm just saying that when you end up at a position like mine, you realize how subjective all of this stuff is. Well life is, isn't it? What life is, but it's kind of funny because people have said to me, but Andrew, you're in it.  Listen, you have a lawyer. I'm like, are you dumb? Like, do you think a lawyer, innocent? They think these have anything to do with a matrix attack? Doesn't matter if you have a lawyer, it doesn't matter if you're innocent, it doesn't matter what the law says. That has nothing to do with a matrix attack. And at a certain level, the judicial system just becomes a play. Maybe if you're insignificant, you're a nobody, you can walk. But if I walk, there are massive repercussions, the countries, for federal agencies. There's repercussions that spam and gloat have entertained walks from this matrix attack. So then you have to sit down and decide. If you're in charge of all this, which you rather the reputation of a country and the reputation of its federal agency be decimated, or do you rather one man do a couple years? What makes more sense? Because the world's not fair. Life's not fair. There is no justice besides God's. None of it's real. Right? So then you have to also understand, so just jump in. You say that.  like it's their fault, but you also only know everything you said, brought you here. So what, which is it? Are you responsible for you going to jouve for everything you said or are they responsible for being the matrix and trying to control you? Well, that's a good question, but I will answer. I'm responsible because that's my mental model for everything. Whether I am truly completely responsible or not is a different debate. However, my mental model is every single thing that happens to me is my fault, all of it. If it rains, it's my fault. That's how much control I want over my life because if it's not my fault, I don't have control over it. If you want to absorb responsibility, then you absorb authority over it. And that's why a lot of men make the biggest mistake. Oh, it wasn't my fault. Well, now you can't fix it. So it's my fault. It's my fault. I didn't have to be so devilishly handsome. They can't help that. But you can't help what you said. Well, you can't help how you, but there's also a huge, I'll make this very clear. There is a huge degree of jealousy wrapped up in this matrix of that. If all was some short little dork and broke and  said the same things. Nobody would care. But because I remind these nerds of the guy who picked on him in school, because I'm big and tall and strong and smart, and women love me, and I haven't been gay to a bunch of cars, hundreds of millions of those are properly and a private jetty y'all. Because I lived a dream life of every man, a bunch of people are pissed off at me, and they wouldn't put me in jail. Of course, there's a huge degree of that. I didn't have to be so monumental, successful, and brash, but I decided to be, so I take responsibility for all of it, and also I'm not a perfect person. If I go to jail for this garbage, which I know I've done nothing wrong, but I do know I have done things wrong in my life. So all in all, fair enough, me and my brother kept saying that to each other in jail. All in all, fair enough. You know, we're here for some garbage, complete garbage, yes. But when we were 19, and we were drinking WKDs in liquid nightclub, and that guy bumped into us, and we were a bit drunk, and he ran his mouth, and we took his teeth out. Was that necessary? Really? Or were we young and stupid? We're young and stupid, and we hurt some guy bad. So all in all.  all cosmic justice, puppy with the cockroaches, whatever. I'm not a perfect person. I'm also not a coward. I'm not afraid. Yeah, it would be, but I'll get stories. I'll come out and do podcasts. He, what am I supposed to do? So I'll take responsibility for it, but I also understand why there's people in rooms right now. Sitting there frustrated that I'm not in jail because these people are analyzing my life forensically. And they're like, damn, I'll never be in. I will never have a fraction of his capability or his finance. The way these women stick up for him in a door, and my wife would never stick by me like that. I hate him. I get it. I totally get it. And that's my fault for being so. What, why do people hate things that they see and others that they actually want themselves? Well, I think the envy is designed to motivate, but the matrix.  has taken envy and it's corrupted it. So I've always been, I've told this story in other podcasts before, but I've been an envious person. I've told this story because it was so pertinent to me about how most people don't care. I was walking to school, I was walking to sixth-born college in Luton. I was 16, 17 years old. And I used to have the walk about an hour each day to school when it was raining and I was walking. And I was walking with three of my friends at a Ferrari. It was an F430, I think. Pulled up at the lights, made a bunch of noise and I'll stand in there and I watched it. And then the light went green and he's his tour off. I said to my friends, I was like, bro, how do we get Ferrari's? And he's like, what do you mean? I was like, my mom is on a council estate, single mother. She raises three kids up 300 pounds a month. I can, we can barely afford food. He has 200 grand for a car, liquid for a car. Something is broken. None of the  who will have Ferraris, none of the university professors have Ferraris, no one else I know has a Ferraris. What do we have to do to break the matriots and find the money? This is all a lie, I want a Ferraris. And my friends were like, no, no. That's why I have Ferraris friends. Well, no, that's why Ferraris and they don't. That's why I now have Ferraris. Because I wanted, I was envious. I was envious of this man. Most people don't care. But you turned envy into learning how to figure out. I turned envy into anger, anger is power. But what we have people doing now, because people are, because they don't believe in themselves, because the matriots is dampened their soul when they feel envious, because they want to level the playing field, which is all envy is instead of trying to elevate themselves and try and drag off those down. So when people look at my life and are envious of me, what they should say is he's truly from the most humble, possible socioeconomic beginnings. He is a person of color from a council estate, a single mother household.  He is the bracket of criminal. He's at the bottom and he made it up to the highest echelons he's on phone with Elon Musk and his ability. He can do what I can do it, but they don't believe in himself. So what they do instead is, well, I want to love them playing Phil, so I got to drag him down. And they do that primarily through to character assassination. So he has all these things, but either bad person, I'm a good person. And it's the matrix so they don't believe in themselves anymore. So N.E. when you're trying to drag others down is actually, it's just laziness because you feel envious, but you don't have enough fire about yourself to go out there and attack the world and equal the playing field with bigger. So you want to equal the playing field with, by dragging someone else down, it's just laziness. Lazy people act that way. People who are not lazy would see me as an inspiration, but inspiration is on the N.B. So it is. So I think humans are designed to be envious. And I think the correct mental model for N.B.s.  inspiration and the incorrect mental model for NB is going to be attempting to a taxidance character. And I think I guess this is just rival mechanism. You see your opponent has three rocks and you only have two. You want four, otherwise you're going to lose. Is that why you have 59 cars? Well, in case I'm out of race, my friend. You said you only drive four of them. I've only got seven, but they're all in the garage at the same time. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. No joke. I've been mostly worried about the circuit. I've been going as many cars as I have. I've got your complete right. Yeah. And, and, and, and, but they all go wrong. Well, the time and I only wanted to match you want to drive. Correct. And it's funny because I have so many of the same car. Like I have three S of 90s. All three have a currently have a warning light. I have four seven 65s. Only one of them's working. I have a brother. Yeah. It's nightmare. And then you've lost it for a month because it's got to go about to the garage and then it's a 25 gram bill for a.  Correct. Gabo, she don't need. Correct. It is a nightmare. The reason I buy so many cars is because I'm passionate about cars and I guess you say I'm very hard on myself but I like to spoil myself with cars because I can't think of another way to spoil myself. Clothes, okay, you buy a wardrobe of clothes, how many clothes do you really need? Diamond watches, okay, I had 30 diamond watches, boring. Let me ask you about it. What's your name? What's your Dubai? Besides cars, please, you're another very high net worth individual. Please correct me because I buy a new car every week and I'm bored. What else is the most supposed to buy with all my money? Yeah, cars, watches, clothes, assets, and things. As their businesses work. Experiences are great but I'm locked in remaining. Buy cars. Nothing else to do. I bought like 40 cars since I got a jail. There's nothing to do with 30 cars. Is this my car collection? Have you bought a lot since coming out of jail? Oh yeah, they, they, they, so is this a reaction to it? It's like, you know, it's funny. When they raided my house, the first thing the police said is where's the baguette? First words. So almost like the remaining state just won the steel money. Interesting. Any.  way back to jail. When they raided my house, I have a safe and I have all my diamond watches and a safe on a spoolie thing and it's bulletproof glass and both of them. And then I go open the safe and I was like, well, what happens if I don't? And Mr. Ski Mask with the shotgun. He says, well, you're going to jail. So it doesn't matter. It takes us three months with a chainsaw. We're getting in that safe. And we're in to store your house while we do it. And I was like, well, that's a pretty valid point. Time is to fire and which we all burn, including a safe. I mean, it can hold someone out for a certain amount of time that I'm sure with months, and they get it. So I opened the safe and they took all my watches. I had 30 diamond watches collection and so what millions of pounds. And my first phone call from jail, I think that's the universe of the universe is way of saying, don't go in a nice watch with all those. But you've got a lovely path technol to this there. Correct. And you have like, you think it's ruined? Yeah, they keep it natural. You know, what this is?  Like a woman plastered with cosmetic surgery. Brother, this is just because I'm half black. You don't say it. No, I don't. The IC guy. I have powers. Maybe you can educate me. He needs some dancehall. So, you're not. No, you're not. When they took all my watch collection, the first phone call I made from jail was to a friend of mine by, and I said, I want them all again. Call X. He'll pay the bill, $11 million. I want them all again. So, I bought duplicates of them all made again. Because I slept better at bed, knowing that I had them all again. Made, and now they're all made, and they're in Switzerland, and the safe, waiting for me. All made. If I get them back from decal, that'd be fantastic. Say that I have two of everyone. Maybe I can wear one diamond watch on you. Yes. That'll piss you off. That will piss you off. Yeah, there we go. It's really the lovely world. No, we're ever the one on each wrist. But, well, I'm doing that. Yeah. There's nothing else to do with money. That's the reason I buy cars. Because there's literally nothing else to do. People have this.  idea that they got rich, they buy all this stuff. But truthfully, what do you need to phone in a laptop, you're in a place to live? That's life. And then you buy, you have some clothes, you have some watches, and you have some cars, and that's it. There's literally nothing else to buy, so I just buy them all, but he's like, doing okay. And seven cars is actually a very responsible, sensible number of cars. You're a very responsible, sensible guy. I don't know. I don't want any more. I think I'm like, for me too many women are going to have 11 months. Now I can't under one. Yeah, seven is a good number. It is. And yeah, I guess I'm just, let me say a responsible is the wrong word. Are you a hedonist? No, I don't think I am. But I don't know if you see, don't see Kenny Pleasure from it. It's not like, I spoil myself with cars. I feel like I'm going to go through all this stress and all this pain. So it's a representation of yourself worth of yourself. I feel I'm worthy, and I want to reward myself. I just feel, I, you know what, I don't even drive them. I just, I like.  I think what I think, if I had to analyze it, what I truly think it is, I think it's because it's most men's dream. Most men's dream is a Lamborghini, let's say. And they have to save, and they have to finance it, work out how they're gonna pay for it, and they have to get the carriage for it, it's a big deal. So by me trivializing that big deal, it highlights to me the echelon of my life. If I walk into a car dealer and say, what have you got right now? Oh, this and this, okay. Don't ask the price. Don't care what it is, don't care what it costs, and pay for it, and then leave out the dealership for four months before eventually get collects on a truck, because I never pick it out. And it goes into some storage units somewhere. It's like I get other people's dreams with ease. I take their dreams scenario and I trivialize it, and to just, yeah, okay, I'm even wanting. And I think that that's what I enjoy about it. It's kind of like, that is he, did you say? Well, it's kind of like a man's in love with a supermodel.  I love those supermodels. He writes on her Instagram and these dudes, this is real. A man's a love of the girl on Instagram. She's got three million followers and she's beautiful and he's liking her posts and writing underneath it and he's inboxing her and she's not replying and he's obsessed with her and I'm like, yeah, okay, coffee. Fine, Tuesday. Do I really want to talk to her? No. But this man walks is so bad that I have to make it so ridiculously easy. I guess it's kind of like a peacock putting up his feathers. Or a lion saying, don't come near my tearful. Don't come near my tree or on my lathe. It's the same in a fiscal stance. So I just take other people's dreams and I reduce them to nothing, to dust. And then I put it in storage and then I forget that I even have the car most of the time. So I'm reminded I need to service and then I'm annoyed I have it. I'm less headache than to get serviced. I'm going to go to the back and storage. I just take on it. Maybe I'm a dream catcher. I take other people's dreams, take them all, put them in a warehouse. Take warehouse.  And then these people get mad at it. Some people listen to this and are inspired by it. Some people get mad. And those are the two camps. The ones who believe I shouldn't be in jail. The ones who rejoice when I go to jail. The ones who rejoice when I go to jail, though, don't understand a very important part of this whole equation. Is that jail makes me stuck? Well, I was just gonna say, they don't understand the balanced upside of going to jail because everything has a balanced upside. There's no life. So they think it's exactly, they think it's bad, and you're getting all the good for them. Oh, absolutely. They're like, oh, you want to jail? But it makes me a stronger version of myself. I build mental resilience. More people talk about my case. I become more famous than ever before. Oh, for your fame, Joe was the best fucking thing for you. End of. Well, I did. They just did you a massive favor. Thank you. Have you seen Star Wars? No. Oh, okay. Well, I'll say it then, but there's a better scene where one of the Jedi's, Obi-Wan Kenobi is fighting the evil Darth Vader, and he puts his lightsaber up, and he goes, strike me down. I will become more powerful than you.  could possibly imagine. And that's exactly what happened to you. You became far more powerful because they struck you down. Absolutely. So they fucked themselves. Well, exactly. There's no life without dark. But a law of that isn't luck. A law of that is... When you watched her star was seen now, I would never watch Star Wars of my life. No, even from me. I can't. No, you got me. I made a tweet about it that went very viral a few years ago. I've never seen Star Wars. You didn't know about this tweet? No. I said, I've never seen Star Wars ever, and everyone tells me I need to watch it, which means I'm going to refuse to watch it. I don't think you need to watch you. You just need to watch Star Wars scene because you can put yourself in the city. I'll see if I can fit it in the schedule. Among the wives. But... But Jail making me more powerful wasn't luck. If the average person sitting here going, ah, they put Andrew and Jail, that's why he's famous. Well, then you're a fool because if the average person goes to jail, they don't come out famous. Not cause an effect. You closed it. You make your own luck. You have to make your own luck and all things. The fact I called it in advance was important.  The fact I managed to stay relevant while I was in jail was important. The fact that I operated in a way when I was in jail that I came out with stories was important. Please understand, I made mass murderers apologize to me in jail. Please understand if I bumped into someone or some bump did mess it, sorry, and they did say there was a brother, I said sorry to you. People who would kill people. So the way I conduct myself is the reason I came out of jail with certain stories. The reason I left jail, and I'm not financially destitute like they intended, when you put someone in jail for three months and then lock them in their house for five months, they can't work. When you seized all their bank accounts and all the assets they can find, and then you put them in jail for three months and five months on house arrest, they can't leave their house. The goal of that is to financially decimate you. The fact that I'm still buying brand new supercars once a week is the reason Jail's made me famous. No one can work how I'm doing it. And I'll say it here, and the people in that dark room are like, go buy it. Find the money. Did it make you better at managing a moving you money, being in jail, having to move in managing money? Yes, I was prepared for a matrix attack from the beginning.  But I guess now I've been to the test and I've been okay. I've always understood that anything you happen to do, you know, oh, and at anything you think you out, it's just a piece of paper. All the judge has to do is stamp another piece of paper, you know, own it. So I don't have nothing to control everything that's to go. So I was prepared for all this. So jail made me famous, yes, because I was prepared for it. Well, you'd already made just so famous before, Jay, I'll have to go completely. But also, if I had left jail mentally broken and financially broken, it wouldn't have made me more famous. So and physically broken. Because all those three things could have happened. Please understand, I was in 24 hour a day locked out. My cell was half the size of this room. And I didn't leave. I didn't get gym. I didn't come out looking all scrawny. I didn't get a good nutrition. I didn't get good food. I had most people in there, I had mental health problems. If I were to come out, they're all skinny and mentally broken, then they would have been game over. So there's also a degree of my competence in all things. But the people who laugh at me go into jail don't understand that there's no light without dark. And I'm an expert, I guess.  if you were to say one of my skills is my I'm an expert at being hard on myself and if life's gonna be hard on me I'm gonna I keto that into power. I would believe I'm a stronger version of myself post jail and if you put me back I'll immerse stronger than ever before send me to jail fine send me to jail right now I'll go I'm not gonna fight put me in handcuffs send me to jail the day you let me out I'll be a stronger version of the day I went in so what do I have to fear because if you truly want an exceptional life this is one of the mistakes a lot people make they want an exceptional life but they only want to accept you good because they're counts right I want a lot of money and fast cars cool you don't want the exceptional stress you want the exceptional car collection you don't want the exceptional stress you want to be me when I'm flying my Bugatti on a 3a and I'm in first class Emirates and my Bugatti's below me and I'm filming it for take confidential you want that but you don't want to be me when I'm in a remaining dungeon but there is no light but  If you want the exceptional good, you're gonna have the exceptional bad. That is a law of the university can't be broken. That is not human law. That's universal law. So if you're seeing a home saying, I want exceptional life, then you have to be prepared for both the good and the bad. Because if you're not prepared for the bad, what's gonna happen on your ascent to good as you begin to get anywhere? Something will happen, some degree of stress or whatever, and it's gonna derail you and you're never gonna get to the highest echelon. So I've always been ready for the bad. I'm totally prepared for the bad. I was made in the dark, molded by it. I'm bane. Put me in the bath. My whole life's been bad. My whole life's been terrible. I know I'm nothing but pain. So I don't care. And I'm not gonna lie to you. Part of me truly hopes I go back. Because I know what I'm 80 if I make it that long. Those years, okay, they dropped the case. What were those years spent doing? I make beautiful children with beautiful women. I drive beautiful cars, stay in beautiful hotels, fly on my beautiful private.  Nice. But maybe the story would be a big cooler. I went to jail. I feel crazy. Maybe the story is cooler. Maybe. And I kind of like that it's up to God. I'm going to do my very best to not go to jail. Of course, I'm a responsible adult. But if I use this matrix, it's all been set up from the beginning. It's all designed to destroy my influence. And they've realized that my influence is not being destroyed. And they've realized I'm not going to shut up. And I haven't learned my lesson. And I'm still here running my mouth. They're going to put me back in the dungeon for five years, six years, seven years, eight years, ten years. When I'm only here, that'd be a cool story, wouldn't it? What's the point being alive? You haven't got a story. So I kind of like it's up in the air. It's a coin flip. Edges is good. Tails is good. It is what it is. I'm all afraid. And I refuse to be because that's what they want. They want me to be afraid. They want me to not smile and they want me to shut up. So I refuse. It's stubborn. They don't even know you're converting to Islam.  Was that kind of like a PR stunt? Absolutely not. I think that it is the last religion on earth. If you believe in God, you're a Muslim. What's a Christian? Well, what's a Muslim? What's any other religious belief? If you do not have strong parameters because of your religious belief and your knowledge, and Christians no longer have strong parameters, but everyone says they're a Christian, nobody acts like a Christian. I don't respect it anymore, and that's why I had to revert to Islam. I was raised in a Christian household, my family's actually extremely religious. I live in a very Christian nation. But I don't see Christianity. This is the most Christian nation on earth, and you do see it. If I drive it into mountains, you'll see nuns. There's not a reason. They have huge churches here. You can see it a little bit, Remain. Can feel the Christian aspect to it. But in general, if you look at most Christian countries in the West, it's insane. A man just got charged with a hate crime for removing the head of a devil statue that sat in this, that put inside a church.  and he took the head off it and he is being charged with a hate crime. Him in a Christian country. And you don't talk about Christianity. Well, now I don't. Oh, well, there you go. Christianity has lost all of its merits as a religion. If you do not have strong parameters of what is right and what is wrong, and if you're afraid to say them, go to a Christian and say, is homosexuality allowed? Do you agree with it? And they're going to pussy foot around the question. They're going to say, well, people can make their own choices, gold, blood, etc. The Bible says no. The Quran says no. Your home of home. The Quran says no. Done. I'm not going to be part of a religion or a here to religion that doesn't have strict beliefs because then it's not a religion anymore. If you tolerate everything, you stand for nothing. So there's only Islam left. Now I'm not going to insult Christians. I believe that there's one God. This theory of mine might give me a trouble with Muslims alone. Muslims also. I don't know if this is just how I view it.  I believe there's one God and I believe the different religions are perhaps different languages to say the same thing. You can say coffee cup in German, you can say coffee cup in English, but it's still a coffee cup. There are different ways to say the same things. But Islam is so much stricter, it's so much more respectable. You can feel it. So if you truly believe in God, I don't see how you could not want to be a Muslim. I don't see how you can feel any pride in being a Christian anymore. And that's why I reverted. Not because I'd always believed in God, but I just found the language that made the most sense to me. And I don't see any other language that makes sense. I feel like it's very easy choice for anyone who truly believes in God. And if you don't believe in God and the world we're currently in, then I don't know what's wrong with you because God is the only one who can fix this mess. So you better start believing it because you're going to need him. And I guarantee you, honey, you have faith in yourself and your ability. No. Why not? We're all human and we're all fallible.  And it only takes a judge with a stamp, as I can tell you, the edge of your capability is here on Earth. We're going to need God to fix this mess, because we're going to need a global awakening of consciousness. We need people to realize they've been lied to from head to toe. We need paradigms to break. And when paradigms break, things often get chaotic and messy and wars come before a new paradigm is installed. Isn't that just the rise of thought of implies that? Absolutely. And we have to hope that new paradigm being installed is better than the old one. And what we need once again is for people to love each other and care about their community and care about their children and care about one another. And if that's one God, tell me what is. We need God more than ever. You can't replace God with anything else. You can't replace it with money. You can't replace it with government. And you also need God to inspire bravery. If you don't believe in God, how can you be brave in the face of assassination? It's only God. If I had to go into the cage and fight him, and one was an atheist, and one truly believed that Allah had decided that he was going to...  destroy me. I know who I'd choose to fight. I'd fight the atheist. Hold it long. Mr. evolution. Cool. I'll fight him. There's, there's, you're going to need faith in God to win this war because there's only faith in God that's going to make you say no. I believe in X. I love my family. I love where I live. God wants me to tell the truth and stand up for what is right. Despite the fact that I am persecuted for it. We need more God. Why are all the people in charge of your world trying to get rid of God if he's not there in it? That's the only thing they fear. The only thing they fear is people waking up and saying no. This is wrong. It is morally wrong. And for that reason, we refuse. They don't want that. No. They want to make everything subjective. Islam, especially Christianity used to be. It removes the subjectiveness. You know what's right? You know what's wrong. And for anyone who also doesn't believe in God, if these religions are man-made, why do they go against the wills of men? A lot of them.  If we're going to make man-made religions, why don't the religious tell us to do all the things we want to do and run around and sit? No, so we need God. And I think that He is our last hope at this point. I think the world is very fundamentally broke. And the demons operate in the shadows, and truth is light, and God is truth. And I think the more you speak the truth, the closer you're going to become to God. And that's why I feel good inside of I sit here and tell the truth. Even if I know that someone's going to watch this podcast in one of those dark and rooms and have new ammunition to put me back in my jail, so I know that. I know they're going to put in front of a judge and they're going to play the clip of what I'm laughing about the Romanian-Judges system. And they're going to say, look, you think it's solid, and they're going to put you back in jail. By the way, God. Maybe I'm crazy. Let's lighten this up. We've got this new round. So you're going to be episode 1,000 on our show. Nice. Yeah, which I think is great. Cool. And we've never done this round before. So it's a new round. And I especially wanted to do it for you because I think for you, it's going to be the hardest.  but the easiest. Nice. So one word aren't so round. One word answer. Yeah, so put that in you cigar and smoke it. So I'm going to say a word and if you can, one word and of course if you want to break that rule you can break that rule but I'm looking for one word. So what comes into your mind first when I say more? Profit. How you feel about women? Protected. Misogyny. I don't prescribe to that erudite. That's a difficult one. The answer. I don't think it's real. I think if you're perceptive, I'm breaking the rule. Well, that was the best you would get to do that. If you are a realist, you can be called lots and things.  by extension. If you are a realist, some of your opinions will make you be called homophobic. If you are a realist, some of your opinions will make you, will make them call you homophobic. If you are a realist, you will sit and say, if a man breaks into my house, I must defend my woman because she can't fight. Some people will call that misogynistic. If you are a realist, you'll say that homosexuals can't have children. And that, they should be raised by a man and a woman. That'll be, make you be called homophobic. So when you say misogynist, I will counter that and say, no, I am a realist. And I refuse to adhere to the matrix propaganda. So one word that comes to mind when I say the UK failed. I knew it begin with S. The BBC propaganda. Pears Morgan. He's honest. No, that's the wrong word. He's...  He's transparent. I'm going to expand on that. Peer's holds no views. Peer's is the opposite of what you believe. And he comes at you with it every single time. If you believe the sky's blue, we believe the sky's green. If you believe the sky's green, he believes the sky's blue. I don't think he tries to stab you in the back. He attempts to stab you in the chest and it is his goal to start an argument to get as many views as possible by disagreeing with everything you say. That's what Peer's Morgan does. I know what he's going to do. I made a fool of him. So it's fine. That's Peer's Morgan head to toe. I don't think he truly believes half thinks he says. No, I don't think he believes anything. He says, I don't think he believes anything. I think he just waits to hear you say something and argues with you about it. Kind of like a chick. Next. One word comes to mind, Donald Trump. Hero. These are last hope. I'm going to expand on this. Donald Trump is.  the last hope of Western civilization. He can't stop the decay, but he can slow it down. If he doesn't win, it's over. If Trump doesn't win, it is done. He's overgain because the circumstances around him not winning are right at being insane. And the degree of, well, I'm thinking, because this is to start, that's going to get me a session. So let me. There's no way Donald Trump can't win unless something happens. And if something happens, we're going to see not only a breakdown in faith of the systems, but you're also going to see a whole huge degree of cope from the people who you'd think would be up in arms about it. And over the weeks and months post his loss, they're just going to talk big and do nothing. And it's going to be a bunch of cope. And they're going to end up.  adhering to the matrix and the money and when they get the phone calls they're going to get scared and it's all going to fall apart. And I think that Western civilization as a whole will genuinely collapse if Donald Trump. I think it's going to be within a few months of his loss, this old, because there's no way he'll fairly use it. There is no way. One word answer for depression. He's a choice. We'll say choice. Christianity. Bailed. Rob Moore. Hands up. All right. That was a fun round. Yeah. I mean, they're very interesting. They were interesting. It was hard to choose only one word. But yeah, it was a fun round. Yeah. It's there. An ideology, society holds that you think is the most damaging. Well, they all work together in a perfect concoction. So it's difficult to choose which one is the most damaging because  all of the ideologies which are being pushed by the matrix are designed to destroy something. So you can have different diseases. Imagine society is a human body. One disease is aimed at destroying the hands and other ones aimed at destroying the legs are all equally important and they work together in succinct to the, is that word? I don't know. If it is good and if it's not at it, please, pop G said so. They work together to ensure that the body is destroyed. If I see an ideology being pushed in the mainstream, I know that is destructive because everything is a lie. So then you have to sit down and work out how it is destructive and truthfully it's not that difficult to decipher. Feminism is also designed to do the same thing. A man wants a wife. He doesn't want husband and feminism makes women into men effectively. Feminism is probably the most misogynistic movement on earth because what it does is it makes women into competitors with men and realms where they can't compete with men. So it puts women into  where they're just gonna lose. It tells women, you can do it in the American, do you go do it and then they just get annihilated. And then we have to have diversity hires so they don't get so obviously annihilated. Why would you take a woman and put her into a realm where she can't compete, unless you want to see her humiliated? Feminism is awfully misogynistic ideology. And as once again designed at attacking and destroying the family unit. So you can name any of these ideologies and I'll tell you why they're pushing it. They're pushing it to destroy the baseline society that's required for humans to build a life in which they're prepared to protect. If you destroy a man's family and you destroy his ability to raise his own kids and his wife to respect him and you destroy his ability to go anywhere, well then what is he? He's a slave and that's what they want. So all of these ideologies have different goals but they're all a Trojan horse and that's why every single time they try and push anything I'm instantly and hourly against it. It's kind of amazing where you don't have to be smart anymore. You don't have to be smart anymore. You just have to...  instantly disagree with the news. That's it. Now you're a genius. When they come and say, we need more of this. I guarantee you, if you bet on the other side, you'll be right more often than wrong. Nine times out of 10 is become that simple because they lie so obviously. And when I say these things, once again, people say, oh, you're homophobic. I'm not homophobic, but I have children. And it is my job to raise my children. They are not the government's children, and they're not gay people's kids because gay people can't have kids. So the only reason they can have an LGBT agenda into the future is by turning other people's kids gay. Well, they're mine. And I had them so I could raise them with my worldview. And if I'm responsible for paying for them, and I'm responsible for keeping them safe, and I'm responsible for all the work that goes around them. I'm responsible for making sure their mother is happy, and all the other jobs required for my children to live a happy life. You don't get to decide how they think. I get to say, I want them to be replicas of me in my worldview. You don't get to come along and say they have to believe that  have penises. And if I say that, I am labeled as homophobic. You know what's interesting when I first got canceled? We spoke after my first cancellation, which was in August, my first life. I was attacked by the LGBT agenda. They're the first people who attacked me. I woke up one day and there was about 120 different Instagram pages that put up a picture of me and a clip of me saying something like this, which was homophobic, with the same text about how I should move from social media. 120 pages overnight in perfect synchronized synchronicity worked together to get rid of me. Isn't that scary? That 120 different LGBT influencers at once. They must have got the call in the group chat. Grindr put out a notification. Vee-bee-bee. Don't know. And they all attacked me at once. And then the feminists, same thing. Boom. All at once. So all these agendas, that's just proof that they're sponsored by government. Anyway, they're all funded by new world NGOs. That's how governments work, right? Governments have agendas they want to push, but they don't push them.  themselves, they said they fund a think tank and that think tank is thinking about how to turn kids gay and then that think tank attacks me. So that's how it all works anyway. So these agendas are are genuinely destructive to society, but it's hard to choose which one is most destructive. They're all working together on purpose. Even massive immigration I'm a mixed race Muslim river living in Romania. I'm not Romanian. I guess I I don't take I don't fit in any box at all. But when people are pushing for mass immigration, it's not because they care about humans and it's not because they care about people like me who are the rich billionaires who come to the country and do good for it. No, they're pushing it because they want to destroy the identity of a nation because without the identity you're less likely to protect it. We can also expand this into even the way we build buildings anymore. Why did we build such beautiful cathedrals? And now every single building we build is shit. Well, it's done on purpose. We were told  talking about that yesterday. It's done on purpose. Because if you build beautiful buildings in a beautiful cathedral and in particular city, the people of that city love that city and we will defend that city. If all the buildings look the same, whether you're in Houston or Hamburg, it's the same tower blocks. Well then you don't care. You'll just go off, I'll just move. I'll let them get away with what they want to get away with. I guess I can always run away. The rich people run away. The poor people are stuck there because they can't run away. And they continue with their slavery. All this is on purpose. None of this is an accident. And they all tie in together to be a sickness for society. And society is now currently very sick. And if you were to ask me, well what's worse, the aims or the cancer or the gangrene? It's very difficult for me to say here and choose one. I'm saying to you, we're the best. And we need a solution to all of them. And the solution to all of them is the same thing I said it was earlier, which is God. Because why did we build beautiful cathedrals? God. Why do people get married and stay married? God.  God was the solution to everything. That's why they're trying to remove it. They have to remove God so they can attack all of these different institutions with these insane ideologies and these ideologies are weaponized virtue. I am the number one target for weaponized virtue. They take a word, a virtuous word, homophobia. You hate gaping you hate you hate. No, I love my children. I don't hate gay people. I love my children. Don't start saying hate me. I'm a man of love. They take it and it's a virtue, protecting gay people. They need protecting from me. I don't interact with them. They're protecting me. Why? What about them? Because I love my kids. They throw it at you. They pretend they're virtuous, but they're not. They're just attacking. It's weaponized virtue. All of these things are. These people are insane. It's all weaponized. It's all weaponized. It's difficult for me to answer your question because it's a good answer. Yeah. But all the ideologies are so poisonous. Because they're not reality. They're ideology. Well, absolutely they're not reality.  I did a podcast. It's a clip that should be a lot more famous while sitting with a bunch of women. And we were arguing literally about how men and women can do the same things. And women can do everything a man can do. And I was being deliberately comedic as to not decimate them absolutely intellectually. I was making them laugh and telling them they're all wrong. And then an intruder tried to break in to the podcast studio and me and the other men got up, primarily me, I think you were saying my name at first, to go and deal with this intruder in Miami who could have easily been armed. And all the women quite rightly got very afraid. I started hiding. And when I sat back down, I was like, okay, well, that just proved all your garbage wrong, didn't it? So all of these ideologies, this is another thing that's interesting about them is that they only exist in a vacuum. You only get to discuss feminism when you're living in a society where life is pretty easy. In the bare struggles of survival, there's no time to discuss feminism. Or the climate-  it or LGBT. All this garbage only exists in a vacuum and the vacuum that they're existing in is a very safe society which has been built by heterosexual males, families, built by people who are going to get up and go to work, built by people who don't leave in depression or anxiety or these mental health garbage. We've built a society that allows this cancer to foster and it's kind of sad really that the reward for building such a beautiful society off the backs of strong, diligent, hardworking men. It's for them to be demonized, attacked, permanently guilty under the judicial system and then told that they're bad people for holding a worldview, which is the exact worldview they needed to hold to be useful to success to society in the first place. Did you hear about the Iceland strike? No, bro. So Iceland, which I would totally argue, don't ban me from Iceland, government, I'm just talking. Chill, I mean we've been yet. I mean they're gonna ban...  Look at how they say, he's not allowed here. I'm sure it's very nice. Iceland, which I would argue, is probably going to be one of the most liberal countries in the world I'd argue. I'd also argue that women are pretty fairly an Iceland, I'd argue. I mean, it's not Pakistan or something. So all the women in Iceland decide to go on a strike because they don't get paid enough in Iceland, where I'm sure they paid the same as men. So 100,000 women went on strike, which is a third of the population of the country. For four whole days, and they went on this strike to prove, I think even the prime minister, probably they're definitely the bandage. The prime minister went on strike herself. So four days on the women worked. A third of the entire country, 0% of the female workforce went to work, to prove how important women were. Do you know what happened? Tell me. The roads still worked. The traffic light still worked. There was still electricity. Please still turn up. Firemen still turned up because the men knew the real world.  All there was no HR department for four days. What are we going to do about the gender equality diversity department? Turns out that they just proved themselves wrong because if for four days all the men didn't go to work, society would crumble instantly. And it's a shame that is the men which are so vital to society, which are the ones which are permanently demonized. I was saying this here today, I was driving in my Ferrari SF-19104 with a beautiful woman and we were discussing feminism because sometimes when women hear crap from the matrix, am I allowed to say this when I come back to jail? Yeah, probably not. Women are either programmed by society or programmed by the man they're with. That's what I believe. That believes that women evolutionarily, they've evolved.  to be adaptable, which is why women are cunning. They can be very cunning with it. And I think that in days of old, if there were a member of a tribe and their tribe lost a war and all their men were killed, their only chance of survival was to adapt to the ways of the new tribe. Pretty quickly, they couldn't disagree with the new tribe because they can't defend themselves. So they have to learn to adapt. And you can look through history to see how this has happened in less times. And normally when an army comes in, it kills all the men and takes all the women to slaves and the women don't usually have to stay slaves. If they're pretty good at their job, they give a nice back rub and, you know, for moose within three weeks, they're alive for something and it's fine. So I think that women are... Pfft. Ha-ha-ha. They don't go back to jail, Rob. Ha-ha-ha. I'm not seeing you there. Ha-ha-ha. No, women are adapted to the coming. And...  I'll come back to that point later. Let's move on. I'll come back to it.