 you I was a I am about a girl but one time this guy had the I just like  I don't mean all my body like sorry like I just know I'm sorry. I can buy it myself I'm just a natural rule for me The audacity. I mean yes That was Chris Yeah, it was Chris back there. Okay. All right. So what about you? What are your thoughts? Honestly, I don't even know because I get it like I get it He needs help, but I don't know if I want to compromise myself and how I'm feeling to help the guy out You know what he is as well. I understand that but let me let me give you a little bit more content I rather finesse on my own Guys to have you know, sorry finesse on your own didn't exist back then Oh, that's in your own platform. I see no exists. Finesse in your own doesn't exist now It's a small small money. I'm talking about big money I'm back. It's only fans and and back then and back then it wasn't really compromising yourself like I said it's like Rubbish cameras. It wasn't really a thing. That's the first thing people wouldn't find you on these People would have been you didn't have Instagram like it was all that and secondly, I didn't really  approach it from a position of I need help. I don't there's nothing in my life that I approach for a position of weakness. I don't approach things from weakness right you can point gun to my end. I'm not gonna approach it from weakness. I approach it from strength. So I wasn't sitting there going baby. Please help money money. No, no, I was like, listen, I'm your man. So you're gonna do as I say and we're gonna run an empire. We're gonna get rich rich. Which is the next you took from them all of it. My well, why would they need why would they need money? I need money. We talk about them. They lived. They lived with me. They get to live in a nice big house. They lived to give a nice big house. I took care of them in every way. And once once once they worked for me for a few years, I looked after them and what and when they retired, I gave I'll tell you the truth. When they retired, I gave one of them across her career. She worked for seven years and she made five and a half million dollars and when she retired, I gave her a million dollars. So I'm an asshole guy. But at the beginning of all, it was like, look, you live here. You do as I say, I'll take care of you. This is what we're gonna do.  It wasn't about money for them. I wasn't sitting there trying to pitch some business proposal. I wasn't approaching it from weakness. I was like, look, you're my girl. I want you here. You're going to do this. What you doing over there going to school. You're going to reach me. You're my girl to five girls at the same time. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I'm just terrified. I don't want to lie. But I didn't see the point in lying to them all. Put them in different houses, running around like a creed. I just thought, let me approach it with honesty. And I knew that I knew the nature of the reason I did that is because I knew the nature of earth is that if all five left, one would come back. Because that's how things work, right? So I knew I'd end up with one at least. So I thought, well, let me let's see. And I got two. So it all worked out. I was thinking two at least. Yeah. Well, I did OK. I did OK. I got two. Three. And the three who left, I think they were great, because they're so broke. So. And far less attractive. The decade is a long time. The decade is a long time. This is a long time ago. Remember, 10 years, the world was a different place. The internet was a different place. Everything was a different place. These girls had no chance of getting caught, found, nothing. There was no other things you have to complete the imagined. I know I'm an old man. I don't know how old you girls are. But 10 years ago.  You had my space. It wasn't like it wasn't like to check my space at top five. Now that you put it like that, I don't think I would do it. I guess it's just not what I want. Turn off. And that's what I respect that. I respect that. All right. What about you? Now what was the question? Would you stay? Would you stay? When you brought you in and flew you in and he tells you there's five of the girls there, you thought they're only girl. Hey, we're gonna build an empire. You're gonna help me with this way. Of course. You would have stayed. What's the worst thing that could happen? Back in the day, like you were saying, you were basically anonymous on the internet. I could say that I was freaking Jeff Bezos and you know, you would believe it because there was no way to verify those kinds of things. So yes, I would take a chance on making a meal. I five boom. See, there you go. Writer died. That's what I would take a chance. And he was not like he was gonna stop talking to them if I said no. True. Absolutely. It's not like he was gonna stop talking to the four other girls if I said no. Yeah, it's true. The three girls. You know, it's funny about human nature. The three girls who left were so angry at the two who stayed. They messaged the two who stayed for years.  leave him, leave him, leave him. They couldn't stand that these girls are now in the Maldives. These girls are with me in Santa Pay. They couldn't stand it. They were furious. Why don't you leave him? They blocked him long ago, right? But they couldn't sleep at night knowing that these girls were enjoying their life. They couldn't stand it. It was crazy. They were jealous. Yeah, they were jealous. That's what it was. What about you? I have no problem with webcam people and what they do, but I've never been a fan of just showing my body or having any proof for my future children to just pull up or be at school and something like, look, Jemama, or the legs wide open. I'm good on that, but I'll support anyone else wanting to do it. I will probably fuck him and then just go back home. Fair enough. Yeah. One last spin. One last roll of the dice. Why not? Um. I have it. I have, uh, okay. Well. It's a complicated question. I have a question. I have a question. I have a question. I have a question. I have a question. I have a question. It's a complicated question. It is, it is kind of a complicated question. I would.  say that as somebody that was seeing you, I wouldn't like for you to look at me as a business rather than as the girl that you're seeing. So that would be kind of hard for me, but I will say that as a ring girl, if you fought and I am sleeping with you, I'm probably not the type to like want something more with you. So if you would have, let me see if I'm explaining it, right? Like female logic at work here. She's insulting all of your girlfriends. No, I'm trying to process all my thoughts. If I'm the type of girl to sleep with a fighter after they've fought, then I'm probably the type of girl to be on webcam. Okay. That's fair enough. So I would probably say yes. If I saw you in a different way, yeah, I would. Any girl can be a webcam girl, honestly. Exactly. But if I saw any...  when girls like that. True. No, no, but he's talking about those ring girls. I'm saying from them out of five girls if he fought and then he hooked up with one of the girls right away that's you're probably looking for something quick fun all these things. So yeah, I would probably be a webcam girl as well. But now if I'm looking for if like how you said I'm in love with you or I'm looking for something more with you, I don't want you to see me as a business. I want you to see me as like the girl that's going to be like next to you helping you grow but not like that. What if what have I framed it in a way whereas I do love you and I haven't seen you in a few months and you are going to help me and we're going to grow together because we have this business. Okay. You said earlier there's that one girl that you go home to that you know that now there is yes. Okay. All right. If I'm sitting on a tee.  You're not going to have that girl that you're saying that you go home to, that you love sitting in another table with four other girls that you want the same opportunity for for those four girls. You're going to have, it's like you said, you're going to have that girl at home and then you're going to have the other four girls working for you. That's different. That's, I understand your point. Okay. But, and I'm not saying this is necessarily true. Because now you're looking at me like the other four girls and I'm supposed to be different. I understand what you're saying. Okay. And I'm not saying that that's not true, right? But what I am, let me give you an example of the two girls who stayed. I'm not even saying I'm still with one or either of them now, but those are probably the women I had the most respect for in my life ever. So I think a lot of the girls who stayed understood that if they actually stick by me and we work on this together, it's not going to be a matter of me seeing them as a business or seeing them in a negative light. It's going to end up me seeing them in a positive light. And that's how it turned out. I do have a lot of respect for those two girls. Those are the two girls. I would do the.  even if they have a new man now, whatever whatever. I actually have respect for them as individuals because I really have a lot of respect for women in the modern age who stick by their man no matter what. You know, like all the girls everyone mocks. When I see a chick and like her man cheated whatever and I was like, look, this stupid bitch. She's an expired man. That's the woman I'm like, you know what? That's a real woman. I like that. I like that. I respect that. I respect that. And the fact that those two girls are like, who are these other girls that are that? And I was like, look, I told you the truth. I had some girls around the world, et cetera, et cetera. But I do care about you. I do want us to work together and they're like, okay, let's try it. Let's do it. I respect them as individuals today. I get that. But you're not going to give her the same opportunities that you give the other girls. You need to make her different. You need to give her a different opportunity. Now, if you're giving, if you're giving me and somebody else the same exact opportunity, that's something different. It's going to upset you. I understand. No, that's your point. I know you have valid points. So who's the girl that's staying at home? I understand that. Back in those days, there was nobody at home, right? It was me. It was me and the...  And we were a whole that's how it was for a while. Exactly. Exactly. But now if you're telling me that I'm supposed to love you, that I'm supposed to want something different from you, you need to treat me different than the other four girls that are sitting at that table. You're going to say, baby, we're running this business together. And these four girls here are going to work for us. But you guys got to remember this is after that's during the grind phase. But once you're going to be the first one to get the Gucci bag, the first one to be taken on a trip, you're going to be the first one to get the fruits of the labor with other girls. Yes, I meant that you're the person to get good. No, I was going to say, but what you didn't know this, what you don't understand about the setup. So if you think it was Andrew and two girls forever, from the day the money started coming in, the, the, it grew. And it was, I wouldn't, I wouldn't quite say more like a pyramid scheme. But those girls who were with us from the beginning, who were there when we were broke, who came to work for us when we lived in a two bedroom apartment, or three bedroom apartment, when it got bigger. And the house was bigger and the lifestyle was nicer. The girls were like.  Oh, yeah, I want some of this who were joining then they were below these girls. You can talk about same opportunity. The other girls were one making lots of money because they were on, they were, they were, you know, we were giving them bigger percentages. They had been working longer. We respected them more. We were treating them better, but it was, we were never going to lie from the get go and say, you know what? It's just me and you and the other girls are different because from there, we were like, okay, we have this business now. We're making X amount of money. Let's scale this three years after that story that he told you about. We were cash millenaires three years after. So, and those girls had a premier position above everyone else. So it wasn't equality. No, but it was just going to share with one girl. I want it. It was equality between them to what I'm saying is that you, you sent me if I'm supposed to be important to you, if I'm supposed to be the girl that's standing by you, that's supporting you, that you want to be your right or die, you sit me to the side. You don't send me with the four other girls. You send me to the side and you say, baby, this is what I'm thinking about doing. And, and if I'm down for that, I'm going to help you get some girls. No, I understand what I'm saying.  I understand her point. She wants to be the pin. She wants to be the pin. Yeah, but she said that she's my right here. So let's talk and pick. Let's talk. Listen, this is hypothetical. That's not what I'm saying that I'm going to do. Let's talk and pick. This is me putting myself in that situation. Let's talk. Let's talk and pick language. So what your, because there's a language. Which is why you're asking. You're telling me to place myself in that situation. That's why I'm talking like that. But earlier, we talked about not caring what your man is doing if you're the main one. So how can you care? You can't build with someone. You all just told me earlier that building is non-existent. So you can't sit here and tell him, oh, you have to tell me what we're doing with these girls. No, you have to be on their level until he makes a decision that you're higher than anyone else. That's how I look at it if you're trying to be any type of wifey. But you can't have both. Guys, yeah, okay, but I'm sorry. I thought we were talking about this specific situation. We are. I understand. We're talking about how we're talking about this situation. I'm confused. I understand. I understand your point. So an.  And what's actually interesting is if you want to look at, because I kept going and getting called a pimped, I really never thought myself as a pimped. I've reached purely a business man, but in the pimped world, in the pimped language, they have something called a bottom bitch. And that's their number one girl, and that's the number one girl that runs all the other girls. So when you're saying you take me to the side and mean you we run these girls, that's how most pimps do it. Even the guys on the street, they have their number one chick who they can trust, that's their number one girl they can say give instructions to and she helps him run all the other girls. Yeah. And for a long period of my webcam business, I did have one girl who I trusted the most and mean her we're a team and we ran all the other girls. That is how we ended up. But at the very very beginning, with these two girls, how am I going to know who's more dedicated to the task? I don't know. It's kind of like Hunger Games. Within six months, it was, within six months, it was clear, right? But at the beginning of it, I didn't, I was new to the business like anyone else, right? But after six months, most of my empire was run with me and there was one chick who I could really trust and I trusted her in every single way and it was me and her running all of it. So it is what you're saying is very, very possible. The idea of a man and a woman and they...  work together and then there's all these other girls, but it's a business and they're a team and blah blah. So I understand exactly what you're saying. Right. I didn't get that way. I'm not saying that I'm okay with it. I'm not saying that I would be that girl that stands by you to support you. That's not what I'm saying. But I'm putting myself in that situation. If you want me to be different, then you have to put me in a different situation. Right. But those, but he is saying that that girl will be put in a different situation because she's higher on the total pool than the other women. Right. She's going to be the first one to get like the rewards when the fruits are laid out. She has to. Okay. I'll be fair. There was a competition between two girls for a while, but it didn't last long. That's kind of how it worked. Right. That's kind of how it worked. I think one of them bowed out pretty early. One of them got arrogant about it and said, I don't want to compete. And then she lost everything that's seen in the dark night when the Joker breaks the pool stick and half and drops on in the middle. Yeah. That's what the right night. My favorite movie. What's up? You lose. So all right. So it's all ladies. You guys get a chance to grow up there. We're lost now. Do any of the ladies have a question or comment or disagreement or anything on that?  That falls any questions. I have a question. Okay. So like the video, by the way guys, please some of the channel guys, let's up to the channel. There's 11,000 plus y'all in here. Like the video, subscribe to channel guys. Do us that favor. I have some important case likes. Yeah, seven point K. If you all could get us a 10k like, that'd be dope, man. I will fucking love you guys because that's gonna push this video. You guys are gonna be able to see this on the newsfeed. Try and make those those two bamboes are yeah, whatever. Like they're gonna look up. Yeah. Oh, maybe we'll do that later on. Okay, what going? Okay. So considering that you guys have been with a bunch of different girls. No, no, no. I told you earlier, I told you out the man of God, man of God, open him, man of God, man of God, man of God, man of God. I'm sorry she said that Jesus. Thomas Nure. Where's the holy water? What's the name? That's the person that says that they would get with the ring girls right off their firefighter. When I get with, I meant read the Bible. Yeah, we were playing cards. Okay, you have a lot of diversity. You have a lot of different women.  coming at you, what would set a girl apart for you to see her differently? That's my question. That's a good question. That's a good question. And I think at the point in my life now, by where dating and I was trying to find a new girl, I'd be looking for so many tiny things. You know what? Like they say in the eyes of an amateur, there's many possibilities, but in the eye of the expert, there's few. Right. So like if you're a boxer in your enameter, it's chaotic. But if you're if you're if you're a professional, it's pretty simple. It's left or right. You know, you know what you know what to look for. So I feel like because I'm an old man, 35 today, I kind of feel like I know what to look for. And I'd be looking for a billion tiny little things. So if I, if I was a new girl, I walk into a high-end restaurant and some guy or someone or some girl. Oh, hi, and she's like, oh, hi, did an instant reply. Why the fuck? Why do you know this bitch in this restaurant? How many times you've been in this restaurant? Who said who's that red flag? Who's that bitch?  Who's this dude? I don't blame the women. It's the pussy-ass dude that puts up with it We all set our own boundaries in life, right? If you're gonna go out there and act in a certain way and dudes are gonna tolerate it Then why would you change? Absolutely. I understand these girls who do what they're doing and they're still getting so much attention Why would they stop? They don't give a shit. She's sitting here saying she sucked endless dick. She can go out and get fucked tonight She probably is. So why would she stop? So why would she stop? So is that her fault or the dude's fault? It's a dude's fault I blame all the fucking sims. It's the dudes who are doing all this stuff. Yeah, I want to show a video on Twitter of like a 450 pound woman talking about oh when God made me you know he Blast me with all these bountiful curves I got quite big I made a splash on Twitter before I lost my second account because I retweeted I said you know whose fault this is all the dudes are a fuckinger If she wasn't getting sorry and sorry sorry American women if a woman that size was living in the country I live in She wouldn't be so confident because no one's hitting her up. No one's in her DMs. No one's trying to have sex with her. She was better. She was  Yeah, we're like disabled. We all like curvy, but like bedbounds No, that was it was it was it was an exertion to stand up and make that little tick-tock video And I'm telling you about someone's dickater right now someone's dickater And that's where the confidence comes from so we blame men. We don't blame the women. There you go Why would you? That was a good question anymore question. I like these questions. This is fun I realize how much I know Come on, let's go. What else? I have a question. Sure. Or comment. So I'm just I'm still trying to understand so why When it comes to cheating, why can't the man have enough balls or be mature enough to Bring that to the attention of his partner because me being bisexual I would much rather my boyfriend or husband to approach me in a situation so I can't If I can join in. Hey, well, yeah, that's good. That's a good that's a good that's all question Which man because I I am like that. Yeah, so which man you took it on my 99% of men with all the hiding and all the pussy Assa I as a joke  last week because my cousin was so afraid of getting caught doing what he was doing. He was like, oh, well, if she finds out I had a joke last week. I invited eight girls who I read the Bible with to the same party at my house with no other people just to move a point to him. I lost two, but I was like, you're all here. I know all of you. This is the situation. And I always try to be like that because I don't want anyone living under any of the transparency, but there's, but there's no, the transparency is important, but there's, there's ways to do transparency, right? Yeah. So here's, here's how I would if I was not a man of God and a virgin, which I am, so I'm out of God. I wasn't a man of God. Here's how I'd approach it. I would never, I'd never go out and bang a chicken come on to my girlfriend and say, hey, baby, bang the chick, because I don't think that's necessary. Yeah. I don't think that's necessary. She doesn't really want to hear it. It's like, they know. I just do what I do. But if she caught me, I try and hide it the best of my best. See, I don't want to catch anybody because I'm crazy. I'm in up in jail. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, but if you said who's this girl, I'll be like, ah, well, I slept with her couple weeks ago. Is what it is.  I wouldn't lie about it, but I definitely wouldn't be coming home saying, hey, I did this. I did this because I don't think that's necessary. But if I got caught, I'd be like, yeah, this bitch, whatever. I don't think she's meaning no, so I think she means pre. Tell me, I'm going to have to go. I'm going to sleep with my Jordi. The people are not okay with that. We're already the women are not okay with that and they're probably afraid of losing you. I would much rather be okay with my man, tell me. I mean, mentally being prepared and telling me, yeah, I want to then to him just meet up and find an out about it and begin upset about it. But you're different. Physically, like, I don't know. That's very mature. The reason most men lie is because they're afraid to lose them. Majority of the women are not okay with it. But you're not okay with people cheating. My husband makes that. Yeah, I was just going to say simply put like the reality is it's two things. They're scared of losing a girl and then the other issue is that most guys are not at the value where woman will tolerate him stepping on having a woman. So it's a two pronged issue. Number one, the guy has a scarcity mindset, right? And he doesn't want to lose the girl and then number two, if you were to be honest.  with the girl on teller, I want to fuck other bitches. Sure, probably. All right, I want to do it. She'll probably leave because he does not have the necessarily acquired value to be able to be able to exert that, I guess that, that, that rule. I want to smash other chicks because a lot of girls, let's be honest, especially in the West, think that they're special. I deserve everything. Blah, blah, blah. No offense to the ladies here at the table, but, you know, Western women tend to be a little bit more entitled than you feel that a man should be faithful to them, which you go to other parts of the world. It's not like that. Women kind of understand. And lately, that guy's especially of a higher status, you're going to have to share him. But here in the West, since women make their own money and they're successful and et cetera, they think, well, I'm the same as a man. You shouldn't be cheating on me. And that's just not the way the world operates. And also, let's be real here, right? Think about it. Women sit accountable to truth, but they really can't. Because let's say for example, right? Thank you. Every guy told you, what are we going to do? You would sit yourself, what the fuck? Because you may say, okay, one or two, I'm a handle. Every single time. It depends, though. It depends on how mature you are and how your communication and skills are. Because me, on the other end, I will much rather so.  tell me ahead of time so I can either like I said join or fucking lead. But this is a disrespect. You're mature right? You can stick your dick in someone without letting them know and then come back and stick your dick in them. But I don't know how many does your mature right? I guarantee you most of them are not that mature to handle that because you might have lit I tell you 99% of the women can handle it. Well, let me give you another let me give you another frame. Let me give you another frame. And you're right. You're extremely mature and most will make a handle that. I gave you another frame. What if the dude fucks what if the dude and I know this is going to sound crazy to you girls what if the dude doesn't even think it's worth telling you to because I'm telling you you don't you underestimate how dude can fuck girls and not give a shit. You think we can plan it? You think it's a plan. No, I do. It could just be out. I just like this isn't even worth a conversation. But the same reason you wouldn't give a conversation about dildo or masturbating. It's like who cares? It's just like why are we even going to discuss this by text like that bitch. Okay. Don't don't know. All right. Don't care. Like they don't care. And it's never going to work the way you said because like you said for every woman who says that 49 out of 50 don't mean it. Is that so when I say I'm not saying you don't mean. Yeah, I'm not saying you don't mean that.  I'm gonna take you a face value and I respect what you say because that's the kind of guy I am. But every woman who said that to me, I don't necessarily tell them, but I basically let myself call. I'm sitting there texting, she's looking at my shoulder. Well, who's that? You know what it is. None of your business here. I don't know what I'm gonna say tonight. I'm doing this. But the girls will say this at the beginning of the relationship. And I leave myself open to getting caught. I'll leave hair brushes and shit in my room. I'll look at it and I'll think, well, you know, she said she was cool with it. So let me leave that hair brush right there and see, you know, it is. But she's not. She's not. She's not. So it's the other women. Why we're not honest with girls like you, is because it's the boy who cried wolf. They all say they're fine with it. But until I'm going to break the third wall. You want to know why women say I want you to be honest with it? You guys really want to know why? Say it. Women always want to reserve the right to be able to disqualify you if you don't meet certain requirements up front. There you go. That's why. Yeah. The reason why women say I wanted to be honest. It's not because she really wants you to be honest. It's because she wants to quickly assess if you...  who are going to put her in a compromising position where her emotions can get hurt. And she doesn't want to do that. So what's she gonna do if you say, well, I'm just trying to fuck. No, I'm gonna go deal with another guy that can give me a little bit more emotional investment so that I can get something back from my pussy. That's what it is. Women always want to reserve the rights of the qualify you quickly if you don't meet their requirements. And the thing is this, women want them inopulation. Let's keep it a thousand. Women game is manipulation. Guy game is showing status, whatever it is. And then maybe if you have some game, you can do manipulation. But most guys don't have the ability to manipulate. So women want to be able to reserve that right to have the monopoly on manipulation. But if a guy has game and he plays the same game of woman plays, AKA manipulation lies. Oh, I love you, baby. It's okay. You're the only one blah, blah, blah. Play the same game. Now the woman is fighting fire or with fire. And women don't want to have it. Women always want to decide it advantage when it comes to dating and dealing with men. So that's why women want guys to be honest so that you can quickly disqualify him and he can't run game on you just like you're running game on him. And I know that sounds horrible.  for me to put it out there in words. So y'all can run game, but we can't. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying that. It's been like that though. But I'm saying that. I know that's what I'm saying. If someone would tell me beforehand, like if I wasn't OK with it, I would go out there and do my damn thing, be out there fucking in the air, everybody. But like, it's about respect and what you bring to the table. That's what I'm trying to say is that most women don't want to forfeit the monopoly on the ability to manipulate and run game. Most girls run circles around guys, not the other way around. It's rare when a guy can run circles around a woman game-wise. And women don't want to ever be put in that position. That's why women have a serious issue with guys that she and or guys that aren't honest, because it takes your ability to make an informed decision on what you want to do with the said man. And that's why I like fresh and fit. I just want to say so every episode I've watched of this podcast, you go, usually high value or at least beautiful women talking with high value men. And they discuss these things. And people are watching this mind-blowing. What we have to understand is, 99% of society isn't anything that we're talking about. It's women.  impendudes. That's 99% of society. So first and fit brings a different kind of perspective to the conversation because there's always high value dudes and beautiful women. That's not the way the world works. Every man you see out there, but by and gross reason Walmart, you know, his ugly fat two out of 10 wife is at home, sucking the neighbor's dick and men get screwed over day after day. Yeah, men, men, men lose all the time. Men lose all the time. We talk, you know, this true. It's a good point. You talk about, everyone talks about men being bad, but you have one percent of men. You have one percent of men, maybe two percent out here can be playboys. The majority of men are desperate to get anything they can get and they'll do anything they can to hold on to it. There are more men who are lonely, suicidal. A woman will never truly be lonely. My how unattractive, how ugly your personality is. You can always get dick. There are men out here who are genuinely lonely. You don't understand the struggle of a man because women want the best men in the world. You want the best men in the world. And as much as you will sit and say, I don't want to cheat, you know instinctively you will share the best man in the world as opposed to have Joe Schmo. That's why.  these girls to go out and they'll fuck Chris Brown. They think Chris Brown's fucking loyal. These, oh, they're loyal. They don't care. They don't care. They're like, but he's Chris Brown. They don't, they don't, he's, he's, he's being, he's being loyal, does across their mind. So the, the, the, the truth about the biology of men and women, the truth about the biology, as that for the longest period of human time, women shared talk to your males. The king had 100 wives and the peasant men had zero. This is how we've been evolved. But the longest period of human time, women have literally evolved to look at a guy and go, you know what? That dude's worth sharing. And as much as you can deny that and say that the modern world's taught you different and you're independent, blah, blah, blah, your biology deep down operates on that level. Otherwise, you wouldn't be chasing these sports stars. You know they're married. You know they're married. When you see a famous rapper, you know he's got chicks. You care? No, you don't care. Do I? This is, this is the reality of the game. So when we talk about all these things, we make men sound bad. Tristan nailed it. The majority of men out here are, are, they can't,  do anything besides live a life and pray. Their chick doesn't just leave them for someone better. Bam. If you're working, if you're working in KFC, you're a pretty normal dude. And the problem with being a normal dude is that now you know your chick fuck's normal dudes, which means everybody's competition. So long if she goes to E at KFC, you're going to be worried. Because the other, the KFC dude can get her girl. She might go burger, or Wendy's. I'm bomb you lost her, right? So it's different at the top as a man. But this is a very, very unique experience. And when we say things, we know that we can sometimes like grate on your chicks, et cetera. But you need to understand that the overall women are winning this war. You women run the world. Yeah, you're killing us. Yeah. You run the world. And the majority of men are just cucked out for their chick, praying for a bit at plus you once a year. So you women are running. You women are running it. You are running. I said, at the time, women are running circles wrong guys, which is why the popularity of this podcast is exploded because there's no YouTube channels out there teaching guys had a, sorry, teaching women how to get guys, but there's a bunch of channels out there teaching.  guys had to get girls because for women you guys play it on easy mode. Trissy has them. I saw you want to say something. I was just saying when we used to run our webcam studio, I know this full well and we know how sad men are because we saw it first hand. You can even mind these guys think they're talking to a girl alone in her bedroom. There's me four female members of staff in Andrew sitting behind four to 14 different live streams watching every single one. And you think all these guys are saying, Hey, get naked. Show us your boobs. Show us your tits. No, these guys are crying their eyes out. I should never have married my wife. I wish I had a beautiful woman like you. My wife won't even have sex with me anymore. I can't divorce her because I'll lose the kids and it's therapy. I've had to swear on my father's grave. I've had to coach admins on talking dudes out of killing themselves or threaten and suicide on webcam. So I've seen the dark side of the male reality. And of course it's paying people like me and we make millions of dollars from it because we're the old with a tiny percentage that can harness that female energy and use it for our benefit. But it's droolies men out in the real world. Yeah, the real world is going to wreck. Not getting wrecked. And here's a thing like  like, and this is such a refreshing conversation because I've always said it, you know, girls don't really care about your struggles, man, they just pick the best guys. It is what it is. And it is. And we're gonna have a pity party. We're not here to know. We're just here to give you guys another perspective that you might not know and or understand or can't understand, which is fair. Like, who cares? Women don't give a fuck about losers and it's been that way. What, Andrew, what? Like 40% of men are pro-creators at the beginning of time. It's the beginning of time. We're the beginning of time women have never fucked losers. Yeah. Since the dawn of time, since the dawn, listen, if you were living in caveman days, what would happen is you're a chilling. You're chilling with your man. You're looking the distance. You're looking the distance. You say, is that tape? Oogh, oogh, oogh. I walk up with a club, take your whole tribe out. I keto, all 10 of them motherfuckers. I beat them all by myself. You become mine now. Now you may be angry about it for about 15 minutes. But when you look around and see all them dead motherfuckers, you'd be like, you know what, he is the thing, man. He is the chief. And you, that was easy. And you win. And you can't hunt. And you can't hunt. And you can't live without man. Superb, you better hang out with the.  biggie. That's right. So that's that's how it's always been. This is why the kings and the warriors had all these women. And even now you instinctively want an alpha, you're talking about security. Security means that he can mess up a dude who tries to mess with you. That's it. If you saw the guy you trusted with security, he gets asked whooped. You would have said, I'm leaving. Yeah, I'm leaving. This is very stupid. This is human nature. So this goes all the way back. This is a perfect circle back to the very beginning of this podcast. When I said, if you want a man who has everything, you have to accept there's probably going to be a degree of infidelity. I'm not saying he should treat you like shit. I'm not saying you shouldn't be number one. I'm not saying you shouldn't be special. I'm not saying he should take the piss and go too far. But if you want a man with every single quality, it's in his biology to a degree to be to be to not be loyal to you because men of that caliber have never been loyal. Sister Dawn of human fucking time. Yeah. I'm going to be with a man like that. Yeah. So you can go get any one of your beautiful girls can go out there and get Joe tomorrow and he'll be as loyal as you you could ever hope for. He'll give you a  phone password. He'd never talked to another girl. He'll get down on one knee in a few months to start begging. Please marry me like a little punk. It's dangerous sitting here. It's not you're sitting here on the fresh. Yeah, here. Case closed. Instead, you're going to be rolling a Lambo with some dude at six months into the relationship. You were like, what do you think of marriage? You're like, don't believe marriage fresh. And you'll be like, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. And you'll be like, you'll be like, okay, where are we going tonight? And you're going to go and have your fucking nice night. So that's your choice. And that's your choice, which is biologically driven. And as soon or you look in the mirror and understand that your biology is speaking to you to accept certain things, the sooner you can accept them and be a happier individual. Because I'm telling you, you can have a very happy relationship with a very high quality man who occasionally fucks and pussy and they will get the fuck over it and they will be happy. That's how it goes. So I have a question. Yeah, I have a question. Wait, let other girls out of questions. Did you guys have anything you want to add?  I want to say something. So like the 1% I get it. I understand they are high value. And like it comes with conditions. But is there a happy medium between the loser that you guys talk about and the 1% because honestly not everybody can handle 1% type of guy. Not everybody can handle those conditions. So for a lot of women out here are not fucking one. Agreed. I agree. I agree to 100% and yes, I would say there is a happy medium. But if you're going to be a woman with the happy medium kind of guy, you also have to be strong enough and woman enough to accept that you're going to go through your life seeing better dudes and you're going to have to make sure you don't go anywhere fucking near them. But if you're going to look and say, look, I've got a guy, he's good enough, but he's loyal to me. That dude on every single possible human metric probably outperforms my man. But you know what? Fuck it. This guy. He's been good to me. If you can do that good, but if you're, but most women don't think they way, most women don't literally don't operate on that way. They operate in shit. I know him from TV. He's this. He's that. He's that. Fuck it. But that's different. That's a different. It's a different programming.  Look, we talk about losers and stuff. Low level guys still get laid and they still get girlfriends. We're just saying that their relationships aren't worth having. That's what I'm saying. Man, but- I wanna say this too, oh god, it is. I'm gonna try to get ABS on us before I- No, no, carry on, carry on. I was just gonna say, the most destructive advice is what those two girls gave y'all earlier, which is, well, he went around and fucked a bunch of girls, so I should be able to run around and fuck a bunch of guys. And that's probably some of the most destructive advice you can get. And a lot of modern day women subscribe to us, city girls, Nicki Minaj, et cetera, Cardi B. But it's kind of funny because- Cardi B now is married and she's not doing any of that, fuck shit. Cooking a cleaning. You're not insane. You don't have to say. You don't have to say. You don't have to say. You don't have to say. And she didn't want her, her little baby watching her videos, at all. So even though women say that, you know, it sounds good to say, fuck, nigga, get money, blah, blah, blah, I'm here to get a bag, whatever. Cope. It's not, it's coped. And not only that, women are not programs to sport fuck their way around multiple guys. They're just not. Men can do it without an issue. Women can't, though. So when women get that on you- It's extremely destructive because you might lose, YOUR MATION.  that's worth something, it's by sucking off some other guy that isn't on his level. Now you lost access to that guy with girlfriend privileges. Now you're going to go back. And it's yeah, you're completely myron ailed it. And also another point that's really important. It's not even just about losing guys, etc. I will stick by this point. A woman cannot support fuck her way through life without taking psychological damage. Yeah. You will be psychologically damaged if you just start fucking dudes here, they're in everywhere. And once again, this goes back to your biology. Before, look, you have to look at humans in two in two different ways. We have the societal version of the human, which is how society teaches us. And we have the evolutionary biological version of the human, how we've evolved to be. If a woman had sex with a man, there was a strong chance you'd get pregnant. If you got pregnant, you would die without a man, right? This is in the caveman days, right? You needed a man, you got pregnant, you need to sum of the fucking hunt and stuff. Millennia programming. But this is programming. So your programming was if you had sex with a man to be attached to him, you want him near, you want him close, you want him around you, right? Because you have to protect you, you might be pregnant. The idea that you can run around now and sleep with all these dudes and feel zero emotional attachment to any of them ever. Here's hard coat.  That's you trying to trick your brain and watch enough new age crap. You can run around and fuck a bunch of guys. It's not going to affect you emotionally in any way. The saddest, most miserable women of the world are women who are sluts. All of them. They are unhappy. They're unhappy because there's something inside of them that they know it's wrong. They know it's wrong. They don't feel right within themselves. I know girls who suck with one or two dudes and maybe the dude they're with maybe ain't perfect. Maybe he does this. Does that? Maybe he cheats whatever, whatever. They get their man with such admiration because they haven't had enough dicks to lose that old school pure. Remember when you were in love when you were 15? That shit still alive for them chicks. And that's why a little body kit is important for a girl. A man's completely different. We're we're we're we're we're we're we're trying to shame them for have that you guys are all pic me's sluts always same girls would have low counts when I heard this girl talk of shit. So I was I was behind the scenes. I wasn't even on this. I was listening to this girl. I always do. What I was listening to.  I didn't do this girl talking her nonsense of this podcast. She was like, yeah, you know, I could be the girl who gets money and, you know, you're the girl who stuck at home blah blah. But here's the thing. Look, men and women, men and women, we all get old. Time is the fire in which we all burn. And I'm telling you, the woman who she's making fun of for staying home while she's in the club. When she's, I mean, how old is she? Foury, once. She's like 28 years. It doesn't matter. It's a busy, though. Give her seven more years. Seven more years. And she's going to be lonely. With lower, lower and lower quality men, the woman she's laughing at who is at home will be older and uglier and less attractive. And so will her man because that's what happens to people. We all age. But that woman will be with two kids. She's not going to be thinking, I need a bag. I need a bag. Her husband's taken care of her. She's got her two beautiful children. And she's living in life. That is worth living for a 40 year old, a 45 year old and a 50 year old woman. Did she get to grandkids? And her progression of being a woman through life continues. This girl is going to burn out. Burn out. And if she's some.  how does managed to get pregnant from somebody and tricks his ass, he ain't gonna want nothing to do with her. There's no happy family life. There's no ball of gold at the end of the rainbow for this kind of setup. So yeah, in the short term, she's in the club and the other girl isn't. But give that 10 years and look at your situation, honestly. And tell me who's happy and who isn't. Yeah, man. And I want to say this too, because the other girl was like, I was like, because you said, oh, I broke up with my guy and I said, oh, that's not the smartest thing you want to get married young and the other girl, the weird chick. She was like, well, why? Like you're not married right now. And I'm like, Jesus, man, like with women, like men, if men do the work, we age like wine. If women, even if they outdo do the work, you're still going to lose value as a kid. Older, I hate to say it. Like a woman that's 35, that's attractive, is never going to be able to compete with a woman that's 25 and attractive. I'm sorry. It is what it is. Like men like youth and beauty, just like you want to guy that's tall and has money. So when she said that, I was like, you know, this is destructive advice that modern  that they want me to give each other, like, oh, just pushback marriage. It's okay, no big deal. And it's like, no, bro, you can't compete. You know, mother nature gives you your gifts, father time takes them away as a woman. That's the reality. If you- That's kind of like the conversation that we were having a couple, a few months ago, where it was the older that you, the older you get as a woman, the more your chances dwindle of having, a marriage, like of being married, your power goes down. You're in a gosha power because no. That would go down. Right, nobody's gonna want to have a kid with you when you're 36 or like, or want to, or want to, if you even want to bring a kid, it'll be tough. It's like your chances of being married are getting married at 36 and having a kid dwindle versus being 25, you know what I mean? And getting married. Just to wrap up on this point, do you know how I know that women instinctively know that a low body count is beneficial? Because have you ever seen a chicken, and a chick argue?  You know what? Do you know what the first thing a woman calls a woman? She doesn't like you're a fucking spot your hope. Oh Oh, so now about your dick is bad because you don't like that girl But then you're a city girl. I like a bunch of dick so women know instinctively that being a slight a great Okay, super-testing in last thoughts here. Yeah, no the IQ of the conversation went up significantly after those girls left I read these back and then you can go yeah, okay and  you you