 Ladies and gentlemen, hello, welcome to another emergency meeting where we're going to launch officially the bruv political party Britain restoring underlying values. It is our intention to become political figures inside of the United Kingdom. And I'll be aiming to be prime minister to fix the mess. And I want to make something clear to everybody who is watching this, especially the political establishment, which I know is watching this show right now. I am being absolutely serious. You are corrupt and you have failed people generationally. London should be the greatest city in the world. Great Britain was once the greatest place anyone could possibly live. We had a strong and proud people and the generational failure that the constituents of the UK have been forced to endure is legendarily terrible. It's absolutely disgusting what has happened to that country. And it seems that nobody is interested in doing the things which must be done to fix it. Sometimes to be a bad guy, you have to be a bad guy. Sometimes you have to be an anti hero. Tough decisions must be made firm hard.  lines must be drawn and I can't seem to find faith in any other political party which is truly interested in doing what is required. Therefore I will do it myself. For anybody who is mocking this attempt for me to become the prime minister, please understand. I'm a wealthy person with 50 years of life left. The chance of me being prime minister considering I was the most Googled man alive sometime before I die is actually very high. I will leave a legacy of flawless governance. Flolest governance. Beautiful. I will leave a legacy of flawless governance. It is our intention here to outline our plan for the Broad Party and to explain to you our primary objectives which we would implement as soon as we took power inside of the House of Commons. And once again, there's a lot of people who seem to think we're not serious and that we're playing games. This is not a game and if you think back to the legacy of Andrew Tate since when you first heard of me, I want you to actually...  ask yourself a question. Have I ever lost the matrix attacked us in one of the most corrupt countries in the world? They lied about us and hit us with endless charges. They deleted me from everything, expecting me to go away. They took all my money away. They've done everything they possibly could have the tates ever failed or have we always somehow ended up on top. And this is going to be another story you guys are witnessing the birth of something which is going to revolutionize British politics. 3d chess game theory, my success, even if I do not become prime minister will force the parties of the UK to address the issues they don't want to address. They'll be forced to discuss my point of view. They'll be forced to discuss the momentum that my party has managed to gather based purely on a message of competence and nationalistic policies. They will be forced to discuss things that they've been trying to ignore for generations. And it's for this reason that truly I cannot fail. My endeavors will reward Great Britain.  irregardless of the outcome of an election. I have had the capability to do this for a very long time. Truthfully, I wasn't going to do it. I wanted to live my life in peace as a rich man and raise my children, but it turns out that my home cannot be saved by anyone else. And instead of watching it burn, I've decided to degrade my own life, to take time away from being a retired ultra-high net worth individual and dedicate myself to public service. For a fraction of the money I would make if I didn't. I will take less money, I will have less time, I will have more stress, and I will do it for the country that I loved. The country I grew up in, Great Britain. Now a lot of thought has gone into this. When my brother first proposed starting a UK political party, I thought, hmm, really, a UK political party is hated as we are, but I looked at my ex-feed and I looked at all the fan mail I get and I realized we're only hated by the establishment and we're hated by the establishment.  establishment mainly because the idea is that we preach force young men to become more right-wing in their political views. They force young men, regardless of which country they're in, to become nationalistic, to become strong, to become competent, to become the types of people who could build a country strong enough that the matrix can't control them with their uni party. What's the word I'm looking for without swearing? Their uni party garbage. Garbage, you're right, Edward Garbage. I was thinking of another word BS, but I'm not going to say it because we're going to keep this a very serious emergency meeting tonight. So I realize, as Andrew said, if I command, and I look this up by the way, did you know if every single young man in England, every single young man got out and voted H 18 to 25 and they are the only people who voted for our party. We'd win 12 seats in the election. It's enough for me. 12 seats is substantial and even if it's zero seats, the voter base that we will command and the people who will go the way that we point and vote for each peg.  I don't care if he's George Galloys party or someone else each candidate in each constituency We will command thousands of votes thousands of votes in every constituency in the United Kingdom And you're right Andrew is gonna force the parties to speak about the issues that people in England actually care about because right now We can't find to hear a single conversation about anything that the average working British man cares about you were a fishmonger They don't care about the issues of fishmongers. We were a sportsman. We were successful We were not welcomed or encouraged in our efforts. There's no government subsidies for becoming a world kickboxing champion But there are government subsidies for just turning up and being in a generate and doing nothing We are going to restructure the face of politics in the UK and the voter base that we command is going to be Substantially important to the future of the country It's a democratic system Meaning there is no reason why any single individual cannot become the leader or  member of parliament. Let me ask you something. Who is Kierstahmer? Did you ever hear of him before he was Prime Minister? Who is Rishi Sunak? Who are these people who manage to get positions of power in prison, innocent men and destroy the country, run it into the ground? Who are they? Where do they come from? Does anyone ever sit back and ask themselves where these credence crawl from? Which rock they crawl out from under before they come and ruin generations of hard work by good people, destroying a nation to the point where it can never be repaired? There is no reason why I cannot become Prime Minister in the next decade. And I intend to do exactly that for non-selfish reasons. And we're going to talk exactly about my intentions. And so, Charter that I have written for my instant issues that I believe must be addressed. These are the issues I believe most pertinent which must be addressed as Q-  is possible to save the sinking United Kingdom and anybody who's wondering about the state of the UK, if you're not particularly British, every single thing has gotten worse. Everything. The crime has gotten worse. The NHS has gotten worse. The economy has gotten worse. There's nothing you can name. Public image has gotten worse. The military has gotten worse. Education. Education systems got worse. The judiciary has gotten worse. There's not a single institution inside of the UK that is not worse than it was 10 years ago. And for the last 14 years, conservatives were in charge and did nothing. They let the little girls get raped. They did nothing. Now, labor is in charge. They are flailing and failing while sponsoring foreign wars and allowing old age pensioners to freeze to death. And conservatives are trying to talk as if they are the answer to something. You have done nothing but fail. Your constituents for over a decade. The conservatives are liars. Labor are liars. It is two sides of the same coin of UD Party globalists.  banking interest garbage. And for that reason, you need a man who is prepared to risk his life to save his country. And if you ask yourselves, Donald Trump is the man for the United States. He's the only man who publicly took endless heat, law fair and assassination attempts to do the right thing. Name another man with a British passport who has fought the matrix as hard as we have, who has stood up as hard as we have and shown that we will not bend, we will not break and we will not be intimidated. My goal, once I'm in power is to finally give the UK what it deserves, which is a country which is ruled by somebody who is not beholden to globalist interests, who's intending to destroy the nation, to benefit the globalist, to extract her beauty, her value and her wealth. I'm intending to do the absolute opposite. And it's for that reason, we're going to talk through the charter now. This is an introduction to the bruv party. And there's a few reasons why I called it that. I called it the bruv party.  Firstly, because it is Britain restoring underlying values. Secondly, because my brother and I have built everything beautiful we have in our lives together. Thirdly, because we will command the youth. You may feel confident in your ability to beat us in an election for the next four or five years, but your voters are retiring. My voters are inspired and they are coming of age. And it's for that reason, our political movement will only become more powerful with time, not less, we command the youth. And the fourth reason is Americans don't really care about British politics, but all Americans know British people say brough. So for that reason, I think it's extremely important as America goes through a political resurgence. As they go through a brand new version of government led by competent nationalists that the UK does it's very best to work closely with its partner, which will have the fairest and most competent democratic government on the planet.  So I liked the idea of Americans taking interest in British politics. That is why it is called the brough party. So brough, your country needs you and we're here to get it done. Let's talk to the manifesto slide by slide in real time. Please join us for this and guys, let's keep the chat active. Anything you're interested in? Any thoughts, comments, feedback? We're trying to restore genuine democracy to the UK, so we're very interested in what you have to say. I want to hear all of it and we're going to read it out in real time. The brough party, Britain restoring underlying values, a call to restore Britain. And when we say that, I truthfully mean restore because everything has degraded as we've just discussed and it's degraded at the hands of incompetent leadership. Yes, the UK is corrupt. However, I actually don't believe institutionally, it is as corrupt as America was under Kamala. And it's still very corrupt. The government is  too large. There are too many civil servants doing nothing. It has been infiltrated by woke DEI anti-racist garbage. Sure. There's a lot of corruption in the UK, but the true scourge is incompetency. These people couldn't run a breakfast buffet. They couldn't run a hotel. They couldn't run any of the businesses I currently run. And the important thing is to remember what the labor government, they haven't. They haven't. Look at the American establishment with Vivek, Trump and Elon alone. The business experience is incomparable. Not a single person on the cabinet in the labor party, the leading party of the United Kingdom has ever run any business and made one pound of profit ever zero. The companies I currently run will be more difficult to run than the British government. I know that to be a fact because they've by car, current companies valued at billions were handed over to any member of parliament currently sitting they would fail.  the prime minister, including the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, including the people who were in charge of the budget and Britain's money, they could not run the companies I currently run, which says the law about their gross incompetence. The gross incompetence which is plaguing the House of Commons would make Nelson turn in his grave. I'm going to address that directly now. This is a time limited mission of accountability. This isn't about empty promises or lifelong careers in politics. I don't want a lifelong career in politics. What I want to do is fix the UK. This is about results. Everything I pledge comes with a strict time limit. If I don't deliver, on time, I will step down. No excuses, no hiding, no second chances. Unlike the career politicians who cling to power while achieving nothing, I will hold myself accountable to this...  same standard I demand from others. If I fail, I face the consequences because leadership is about service. It is not about self preservation. It is not about extracting as much money from the budget as possible. This is a mission. This is not a rain. The mission is to restore great Britain. And the moment it stops, the moment I am finished delivering for the British people, the mission is complete. We can save Britain quickly with immediate and decisive action on apologetic relentless for Britain. This is an extremely important mindset. We will be entering politics with the intention of fixing the UK. We are going to fix it all. And once it is fixed, it can go back to the standard democratic processes. The brov party will continue. Brov is going to the moon and it is going to exist forever. The brov party will continue with new leadership, which we are going to foster from the ground up amongst the native youth of the United Kingdom. We have already got over 500,000 email signups.  on our website votebrough.co.uk which launched only two hours ago. The amount of support and traction that we have garnered is unprecedented. New leaders will come, but my brother and I will be in power specifically only to complete the mission of restoring the UK to its former glory. And we will do that with the following points. By the way, if you would like a full copy of this manifesto is available to download from votebrough.co.uk. Look around you, look at what we've become. A nation that once ruled the waves that stood as the beacon of strength and freedom, now cowers under its own shadow. Our streets are dangerous, our borders are wide open, and our culture is being eroded. This is not the Britain our ancestors fought for. This isn't the Britain they died for, and this cannot be the Britain we leave to our children. They deserve what brave men died for, they deserve what you've struggled for. We must end the generational failure. The first thing we're going to address.  which everybody understands is the most pertinent issue facing the UK as it stands. Which by the way has been addressed every single day by the British public, somebody has complained about this for the last 15 years of Uniformity Rule. 20 years actually since Tony Blair. For 20 years, the British people have said, this will be a very easy task to complete. Can you please do it? You are the government. And it's fallen on deaf ears every time. For 20 years, the British public have been ignored about a central issue across multiple parties, across multiple prime ministers, across multiple administrations, across multiple administrations inside of the parliament. And no matter what you seem to say or however you vote, you cannot seem to get them to take this seriously. We can talk conspiratorially about why they're doing that, about the globalist forces which are intent on trying to destroy the EU.  But instead of talking conspiracies, instead of talking wise, let's talk about solutions. I'll tell you exactly how I fixed this problem and I would fix it within the first week of power. No longer would you be talking for 20 years to different administrations who completely ignore your whims and leave you open to damage. This is not simply a matter of political will, this is not simply a matter of political preference. Children are dying. Little girls are getting killed. Children are being raped. Our streets are no longer safe because of this issue and the people who are in charge who are due to serve us find no interest in solving it. Fourty five thousand illegal migrants are arrived on our shores last year. Each one costing the British taxpayer fifteen thousand pounds a year. That's hard earned money, funding the lifestyle of people who have no respect for our borders, our laws or the British way of life. The solution is clear. Not one more boat will land on British soil.  Boats will be leaving the UK filled with illegal migrants and not a single one will be arriving on our shores. This is a campaign guarantee. If the police stop and search you and you're on a legal migrant, if you are arrested and you're on a legal migrant, if you go into any public institution attempting to garner anything from the British government and you're on a legal migrant, the second you are identified as an illegal migrant, you will be arrested, you will be detained and you will be deported within seven days. There will be no court case, there will be no discussion, there will be no amnesty, there will be no what-eves or buts. You do not belong there, you are there legally and you will leave. Where you will go truthfully is not our concern because you shouldn't have been in the country in the first place. So we will find somewhere that will accept you because I'm sure the British public would rather spend 15,000 pounds getting rid of you that paid for your life forever. So for that reason, I don't care if I have to give 15,000-  and pounds to air a trail. I don't care if I have to get 15,000 pounds to your host nation. I don't care if I have to get 15,000 pounds to Denmark so they can drop you on small bar. Whoever will take you will take you because you will be deported without IBS buts, maybe's or core. You should not be inside of the UK. The Royal Navy will patrol our waters and our message will be clear. If you come here illegally, if you attempt to enter the UK legally, you will not set foot on this land. Our borders are sacred and our sovereignty is not negotiable. We are going to make this so clear from the beginning that there will be no excuse for anybody to even attempt. There will be no garbage humanitarian interests to say, Oh, I tried to get to the UK and they didn't help me. You were warned in advance that you would not be offered salvation. If you're both sinks, you shouldn't have been on it. We warned you. You're not going to allow our morality. You're not going to hijack our humanity doing  invade our country by saying your boat is unsafe. You should have never gone out of unsafe boat and you should have never attempted to come to a country which has made it clear. We will not accept you. We owe you nothing. The land is not yours. You are not our people and we are not giving away. We do not owe you a thing. I don't care if it's the roughest seas. I don't care if it's a hurricane. I don't care if it's a tornado. I don't care if it's Godzilla and you're on a little rubber diggy. The chance of you stepping foot in the UK is precisely zero. It is zero and it will remain zero and there is a reason for that. The reason is respect for the people who died for our great country. Something that nobody in the current political class has. British men died for British soil. It is not forerunner soil and they have no right to it. It is not lying on a map. It is an island defended by the lives of the brave. If you get on a boat, we won't let you in. We have no obligation to save you from that boat.  matter how rough to see you shouldn't be on the boat in the first place. You have no rights to our land and legal immigration will fall to zero. Enforced by the Royal Navy, lethal force, do not come to our aisle, do not risk it. We do not offer salvation. Prime minister take and that is a campaign guarantee. Not a single boat from the same day I take office will touch Great Britain and if you are caught to be a legal migrant by any of the mechanisms of government you are instantly detained and you are instantly deported. Next, the knife crime epidemic. You have covered this on many many different occasions and so of I am losing my voice sorry but we have covered the knife crime epidemic and once again this is an issue that every single Londoner and every single person in a big city from Luton to Birmingham to London to Coventry to Lester cares about every single person with kids especially  teenage kids cares about this issue and no matter what happens, no matter who is stabbed, whether it be teenage boys who are in the wrong place of the wrong time or girls or children, there seems to be nothing that's been done by any administration named something days done to stop people with getting stabbed to death on the streets of England besides banning stoppage search because it's too racist. They have done nothing 20 years when I was growing up and I first moved to England around about 20 years ago. No, that's longer than that 25 years ago. Stabbing wasn't an epidemic and it's slowly crept up and crept up and you hear about people getting stabbed till it was a weekly occurrence, till it was a daily occurrence and it is on the lips of every single person. And as I said, I am from a lute and counsellor's state, they are not. This was an issue that plagued me as a young kid boxer with a lot of people in my town who had something to prove. And let me tell you, I have seen nothing done by a single politician.  to reduce knife crime and the best way to deal with criminals is harsh Deterrence I'm gonna say that again harsh deterrence because people will stab somebody to death at the age of 18 and by 23 they're on open air release walking in now jail up to the same On the same streets they took someone's life and they served less time that people who currently post Mean Facebook posts harsh deterrence will be the way sure the stabbing will continue for a month and a second month and a third month But as these animals are made a public example of like like no Like no law bought by anyone has ever made an example of a criminal in the UK before the Stabbing will stop violence will revert back to street fights because they don't want a risk Not just getting stabbed or stabbing someone else, but the judgment  and the punishment that the government will inflict upon them for being a little... Don't want to swear, don't want to swear. For being a heinous, a heinous scumbag. And this is an on-society. And this is extremely important because that's my brother highlighted. We grew up in a lute and countless state. We grew up around, around knife crime. We grew up around knowing people dying. We grew up knowing there was a guy at school who was carrying a knife. We grew up amongst these things. What is the government done for the last 20 years to stifle this epidemic? Absolutely zero. They've done nothing. And every single time someone is stabbed to death, they pontificate, they say words and nothing happens. When little girls are stabbed to death, nothing happens. No matter who dies at the hands of a knife, all they talk about is arresting him and nothing happens afterwards. They take no action. They're uninterested. The streets are getting worse and worse. If you have a cancer tumor and you ignore the tumor, that things get worse. You need...  to address the problem. You cannot simply sit there and ignore it. And the fact now that in the UK, if you highlight this on social media, you're more likely to go jail than somebody who was walking the streets with a knife is worse than criminal. It is worse than incompetent. It is truly evil. It is satanic to believe that somebody complaining that they're not safe on the streets, that their children might die, should see the inside of a jail cell over the person who is walking around with murderous intent. And for that reason, this is how I would fix the knife crime epidemic near instantly. Last year there were 50,000 knife crime offenses in England and Wales, 137 every single day, mothers burying sons, fathers burying daughters, live stolen, futures destroyed, and what's the punishment? A few years in jail? No. The punishment will be seen by every single Britain every single day. We will launch a brand new television channel, BBC Punishment at 20...  24-7 live broadcast of knife crime offenders serving solitary confinement no redemption redemption arcs No second chances just a cold hard reality of a life wasted and a concrete cell imagine being a 15 year old boy and carrying a knife Tempted to pick up a blade you turn on the TV and see a man grow old and die alone He never got married. He never got a job never bought his dream house Never drove his favorite car. No, he was put in that cell 17 years ago because he murdered two people the blade and you are watching him sit alone in the corner of a concrete room That is not cruelty it is deterrence and it will save lives I'm tired of hearing about the human rights of criminals and not the human rights of the people they kill Not the human rights of the taxpayers of Great Britain who no longer feel safe to walk the streets Well, I'm into their human rights. They have the human right to peace of mind and comfort and safety They have human rights and I am not concerned with the human rights of criminals who have murdered people They will pay the price and everybody will watch it and there  Jays by the way in case anybody does notice the four eastern law countries away from the way you The Stoia down to Bulgaria used to be very dangerous. They're now very safe. There are jails for sale I looked at about today for a hundred thousand eight hundred thousand seven hundred fifty thousand dollars There are persons for sale persons that were built during the communist era Persons like the person in the EU sat in horrible horrible persons. I will personally from my own money Persons the building that we run out of space the taxpayer have to pay zero to get these director of Just get these crimes on the streets. I will personally buy each of your opinion persons and staff them with the minimum amount of people Required to keep these people alive and to keep the camera rolling and I myself Will finance the effort zero expense to the British taxpayer my money all by the jails myself. I don't care  about human rights. I don't care about European standards for jail. They're all going to the worst jails ever. I don't want heating. I don't want air conditioner. I want jail. And if you don't, that's where they will go. Do not worry about English jails being full. I will buy jails. And if you don't want to go there, don't commit crime. Imagine that this live broadcast channel is shown to teenagers in school for an hour a week. Not even that an hour a month. Here's what happens when you take someone's life. Here's the story of this guy. He's been in that jail for eight years. You saw him last month. Do you remember 30 days ago he was sitting there? Well, now his hair and toenails are slightly longer and nothing else has changed. He's in the exact same place to the day he dies because he thought it was a good idea to run around with a knife and be a tough guy and take some innocent person's life. That is how you deter. I guarantee knife crime would disappear the second my TV.  channel launches. We need a large deterrent because enough is enough. It is unsafe to walk the streets of London anymore and nobody talks about it, especially not the corrupt and rotten BBC, which is the next thing on our agenda for reform. The BBC is nothing more than a propaganda arm. It's disgusting. It's run by sexual predators. Every single member of the BBC I have talked to has been some form of sexual predator or crettin which is pushing Satanism. And I am disappointed that currently I cannot think of anybody inside the UK who stands up to these clowns. Every time they're interviewed by the BBC, the level of respect they are afforded, I cannot possibly understand. They are run by people who literally rape children. They have a history of rape being children. And when they try and put you over hot coals, every single politician for any party in the UK as it stands, pisses his pants. Well, I've dealt with the BBC before. Everyone's seen my track record. You all know it's flawless. You know I'll treat them as exactly what they deserve. I don't cover in front of media and I don't-  power in front of f**king pedophiles. I'm going to tell them exactly what they are because I've had enough and so is everyone else. It was once a cornerstone of British culture. Today is a stain on our nation's name. Sexual abuse scandals. Alligations of child exploitation. Portographic content filmed by its broadcasters. This is not just negligence. This is rot and it must be purged. The BBC will be stripped down and rebuilt. Its mission will be factual reporting not propaganda. The BBC will get its topics from X and have a community note style online system for verification of all stories and debate with the public. Everything the BBC will be allowed to be community noted online. The BBC will also have a public trust score based on its accurate reporting of events which is voted on by the populist. The population can vote with how much they trust the BBC based on its recent reporting and how factual it was. The BBC must reach a minimum trust level and it must maintain a minimum trust level to remain government-  Or gets closed down. The BBC must serve Britain, not undermine it. So the only way they will continue to broadcast is if they stop lying Chants will be a fun thing and that is extremely important for a national broadcaster It's amazing how the BBC has lost nearly all of its credibility in a few short years truly incredible The next thing we're going to address Is and this is a very important one It's protecting our children restoring traditional values is something my brother and I've been talking about for a very long time However, we felt important to put it inside of the manifesto and make sure it's mentioned make sure everybody understands our viewpoints on these things So This is the basic stuff that you already expect me to say, but it's very important The attack on our culture doesn't end with the BBC. It's happening in our schools where the innocence of children is being sacrificed on the altar of ideology Did you know that children as young as six are being exposed to graphic  LGBTQ materials. This is not education. This is indoctrination. The primary objective is to indoctrinate our children So they grow up with these radical ideals and we're gonna purge all of it children should be children and Irregardless of whatever sexual orientation they adopt as an adult these perversions do not need to be in children's minds Children should be left alone and children should be raised in a society where they believe in mother father Family if they decide another path when they are older then they're a fully grown adult But as a child it is mother father family all LGBTQ propaganda will be banned from schools classrooms will not be a Battleground for ideological warfare instead we will promote Traditional family values of respect responsibility and the importance of strong family bonds This is not about hate. This is about protecting the innocence of childhood and not Confusing children because what they have been trying to do for a very long time and I want to make this clear is confused  children so they are open to all kinds of fabulous interpretations of society by confusing you, by conflating issues, by muddying the waters they can slip in their propaganda programming and the slave mind. By confusing you, they can get you to look at the sky and believe it's not blue. It's actually a shade of yellow, because maybe it's a shade of red, it's a shade of green. I don't think the sky is blue. Well, it's supposed to be blue, but it's not always blue. It's supposed to be a man and wife. It's not always a man and wife. They're trying to remove subjective realities so they can turn you into slaves. Their intentions are evil. Their intentions are deliberately planned. And when you have an ideology that you have to teach to young children, as opposed to adults, if you have an ideology that you do not trust to be shown to an adult for the first time, you only want it shown to children. It is because you know it is a clown world ideology and you want to give it to the most vulnerable and most susceptible members of the public and the society because they're more likely to buy it. That...  Must end children innocence is protected what you do when you're an adult is one thing But I am tired of people with the certain sexual orientation Which is anything other than heterosexual being obsessed with heterosexual people's kids You didn't have those kids you chose a lifestyle that prevents you from having kids that is your prerogative The kids are not yours and the kids are not the states they belong to the parents and people should be raising children In a way that reflects their parents ideals and by nature of the children existing their parents are not homosexual So your views and your homosexual lifestyle has nothing to do with the kids and how they're raised as nothing You do with children the fact that you are so Hewbriced it you believe you can walk through life Refusing to have kids refusing to pay for maintain worry about Afford safety of birth feed clothes a child But believe you have some form of right over that child to tell that child how to think because of how you want to  have sex is truly disgusting. It is no longer your concern. All homosexuality, all LGBT propaganda, all of it leaves the education system instantly, instantly disgusting. You're not even having kids. You can't. If you decided to have a lifestyle, which prevents you from having children, that is your prerogative. It is not the four fault of people who go out of their way to bring children into this world who struggle to feed them, to clothe them, to take care of them. It is not their job now to perpetuate and propagate your ideology with their children. It is not there, it's not their job to erase kids that you can now use to push your garbage. You can't have kids and you need straight people's kids. And that's why you won't believe them alone. Otherwise, there is no future of LGBT because you need straight people's kids to have a future. And that's why you're trying to corrupt young minds. It's disgusting and it has to end. Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. Sorry, here, here. I saw the MP season. Here, here.  Here, here, old chap. I know what I'm saying. The right honorable fellow, Tristan Tate, says no more gaze teaching crap in the classrooms. Here, here. We're gonna reclaim the British culture identity. British history is under attack. Our heroes are built by our traditions are dismissed. And our streets no longer reflect the country we know and love. I talked about guys who are serious about the poor, we have some political bid. Please watch my podcast with the fuck, Fidget. And I talked about the fact that everybody is concerned that they no longer recognize their countries. That's why everybody is leaving. That's why the rich people of the UK are leaving. That's why the top talent of the UK is leaving. Everybody is in mass accidents. Nobody wants to pay their taxes. Nobody wants to stay. Nobody wants to build anything. Nobody wants to build a business. Nobody wants to contribute to their community. Everybody is leaving because they no longer recognize the country they grew up in. It is time to restore pride in our heritage. It is amazing. How many homes can be fixed? Simply by..  the story pride our heritage. So that someone who is English who becomes successful wants to remain in England and hire other English people and build English companies and help his street and help his town in village to help his neighbors because he is proud where he lives. He's proud of how people act. He's proud of how those people want his future to be exist there. He wants his children to grow up in that country. All of that disappears when you're in a repair. That's why most people get rich in England right now. It's many.music story behind this conversation before you socialize. There's no reason. Preserve the history I will cap non-priced residents at maximum 10% of the population to maintain a cultural balance I will replace all modern R with statues and monuments R and British heroes of all Nelson sir So John George  If you used to buy one art put it in your house that is perfectly fine. It's fair and fine That is your own but the state is not gonna pay for crap anymore like what just got unveiled under the nose of the British and Elson on the fourth plinthesore Fog square It is random impressed face masks of 10,000 transgender people the state is not buying your crap anymore Because you know the funny thing is it's the woke ideology of the corporate state They even fun this crap in the first place because let me tell you something mister I made the face statue of the LGBTQ people who won the million dollar prize and got this thing on the fourth plinth Nobody wants your crap the government has to pretend they want your crap to pretend they make a point to the one percent British people who are psychos who will pull them for buying your crap You go try to sell that to the bees in the free market and you'll get precisely zero  for your money. Give job, learn to code, do something else. Absolutely disgusting. Then Nelson went to war on HMS victory and died, and died to defend England and standing next to his statue. One of the bravest men in history is random prince of random imaginary transactions bought by the British state. That should be rage. Every red blooded male is a fat black woman in a business dress for some reason. All of this and I don't want to swear, but it's crap. All of it is removed. And let me tell you something. There is plenty of money for this. There is plenty for money of this wrapped up in crap. Like Luton Town, I remember seeing broken windows, crime every  where, later on the streets, next to a giant building that said the center for carnival arts. So people can make African and Indian theme floats and push them through our town center once a year and dance around like Africans. No, no, the center for British arts replaces all centers for carnival arts. I need people who work there who go out and give awards for the best fish and chip shops. I need vintage double-decker buses advertising things on the streets of London. I need red cast iron phone boxes everywhere, even if they don't do anything. There is plenty of money to make England English. Every single street in Britain will feel British and this will be the job of the Minister of British culture. English signage, English flags and traditional agriculture, architecture. If he walks down a street and all he sees is random Iraqi writing and garbage, he will write that street down, he will return to his office and he will implement a plan to make a-  feel like England again. Any illegal migrant, which is identified by a police officer will be arrested and deported from the nation within seven days. No court cases. A tire of clogged courts dealing with people who shouldn't even be in the country in the first place. You have no right to a lawyer. You have no right to a court. You have no right to anything because you have no right to be there. And it's very important. And it is very easy, very easy to prove your British. Where's your passport? Where's your national insurance number? Where's your birth certificate? Very easy. Very easy to prove your British citizen. Very easy. No compromise. Illegals will leave. You have no rights to British soil. Men died for our flag. It should be seen on the streets. It will be respected by everybody. And illegal are facing perma chance. Perma. As soon as they wake up in the morning, anywhere they go, if they run into the wrong person at the wrong time, they are facing perma chance of deportation. In fact, I'll say only five flags will be allowed to be displayed. The flag.  of the United Kingdom, the Union flag, of course, the English flag in England, the Welsh flag in Wales, the Scottish flag in Scotland, the Northern Irish flag in Northern Ireland. Let me tell you something, the government will purchase zero other flags. We're not in the European Union anymore, we don't need those blue ones with the stars on it. The government will have the budget of zero dollars for flags that aren't those five. Yeah, the Welsh government can proudly display the Welsh flag, you deserve it and Wales is the proud nation. Fine, the Union flag is universal, Scottish flag in England is flagged, the Northern Irish flag. Zero dollars if you are a counsellor or a member of Parliament or anybody who makes an expenses request and a single dollar of that is spent on another flag, you will be charged with fraud, fraud and removed from your position, forthwith. Here, here, here. Modernise and revolutionise the education system. This is extremely  important because the education system is nothing more currently about propaganda arm of the British state. The reason we have our own university at university. I'll comment to teach you important things on how to make money and be successful in this world. You learn nothing in current British school. You learn nothing of value, nothing of importance. They do nothing but indoctrinate you with garbage mindset. Britain's future does not lie in manufacturing. We simply cannot compete as a manufacturing powerhouse. It lies in innovation, entrepreneurship and technology to create a nation of leaders and problem solvers. We will overhaul the national curriculum to prioritize entrepreneurship, critical thinking and financial literacy. We will arm young Britain's with the skills to launch businesses, pioneer technologies and dominate the global stage. We are a teacher, children, not to take jobs, but to create them. We need a nation of innovators. The UK cannot manufacture like they can in the far east. Our natural resources  are not as vast as you'll find in Africa or many other places. The only way we can win is innovation. And unfortunately, the current British educational system stifles innovation that every single chance it can under the alter of D.I. LGBTQ far left woke book. And that must end. A nation of innovators is a nation of power. Britain will not all pay to world manufacturing, but it can lead as a global business and technology powerhouse. The transformation will start in our schools. We'll teach every child the value of hard work, the tools to succeed, and we will drive to build a future where they can provide their, for their families and thrive in a competitive world. The children are the future of the education system has to change. Name one thing. Anyone is learned in British school. Ask a British person. Have you learned anything in British school? What's the lasting? You went there for 20 years. What did you learn? I can't think of anything that I applied to business or making money to. Do this to overhaul the entire school system. We're going to find.  money and we're going to find money by ending all foreign spending. It is amazing to me that a country which is basically bankrupt, a country that cannot afford to take care of its own people, a country that is failing and failing on every single metric which can be measured in the human mind constantly finds billions to send to other countries. For decades Britain has spent 14 billion dollars annually on foreign aid, much of it going to countries that later send their migrants to R shores costing the taxpayers even more. While we fund other nations, our communities are permanently neglected. Nearly one in five schools in England is rated inadequate. Some areas face infrastructure deficits, crumbling roads, underfunded public transport, dilapidated community centers, the NHS is underfunded, everything is a mess. Meanwhile foreign aid recipients often misuse these funds and there is zero accountability or benefit.  to Britain. We send these places billions of dollars. We don't know where the money goes. There's no accountability. We don't know what it's for. And there is no benefit. There is nobody. There is nobody in the current government who could stand up and give me an articulate and accurate argument of where our foreign aid money has gone, what it has been spent on and how it helped England. You spent 10 billion dollars last year. You sent all over the world. Tell me how that helped England. Don't tell me how I helped them. Don't tell me how it's our responsibility to the world. Don't tell me all these garbage ideals. Tell me how it helps the average man in black pool or the average man in South Port or the average man in Manchester. Tell me where that money went. It turns out it doesn't help at all. You know it doesn't. And the leaders of these countries, some of the most corrupt governments in the world, pocket the majority of the money. The British state sends three billion dollars to some country in Africa so the leader can take the money into his personal bank account by Louis Vuitton.  for his 25 sons. He's garbage, everyone knows it's garbage, and enough is enough. It ends, yeah. I mean, we send money to India and have done, ever since they left. Ever since they wanted independence, we've been sitting the money in 48. They have more nuclear weapons than us and the space program. I bet they have more gold. I bet they have more everything. A lot more people, why are we giving them money? They should be paying us for the favor of being civilized. No more foreign aid. No more foreign wars. Foreign aid spending will be cut to zero. Every single pound will be re-invested into rebuilding Britain, modernizing schools, repairing facilities, and ensuring every child learns in an environment that inspires success. Billions will fund infrastructure projects to rejuvenate and neglecting towns and cities, giving communities the resources they need to thrive. The British military will no longer be a tool for global conflicts. The Minister of Defense will have one mission, defend our borders, and defend our sovereignty. The channel will be secured. Our show-  will be protected every ship every plane every soldier will serve only the interests of the British people There is no justification for sending men weapons or resources to foreign wars when bread is under siege at home The Nazis couldn't cross the channel, but these random men on dinghies seem to cross just fine The military's focus will be singular the protection of our homeland Sovereign destarts a home the entire British military defense construct all of it every plane every ship Every man every satellite every mission every gun every bullet all of it will be used to defend our borders and our borders alone You will not drag me into a war far Fung far away from our shores as our shores are invaded every single thing we've got protects the Great Britain And I will tell them it or serve defense you are only authorized to use force You are only authorized to use the tools of your disposal within England within our international waters And that is it  That's all you've got. No, also overseas territories. If the Argentinians can any stupid ideas again, sorry, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going ape. I'm going to be defense minister. The United Kingdom and our overseas territories. Absolutely. If you don't have the art, I will not have the Argentinians playing up again. And I would like to be called the minister of war and I'm longer the minister of defense. Here here. NHS, how do we fix the NHS? Because everyone knows the NHS is a shambles. We'll tell you how we fix it. Health care for Britain's first. The NHS is in crisis. Waiting times are an all time high. 7.6 million people wait for treatment as of 2023. Billions are spent on treat individuals who have never contributed to the system. So here's how we fix it. Prior E1. British taxpayers will get priority within the National Health Service. When you turn up to a hospital, we will ask for your national insurance number. We'll type it into a computer and we will see. Do you pay?  Taxes to the British state. If so, or your family or your family, children and women who are unemployed because their husband pays taxes are perfectly fine. Does your family contribute to the tax coffers of England? You will be prioritized because you fund the NHS. You pay for it so you deserve it. All treatments, all appointments, all operations, all of it will be first given to British taxpayer. Secondly comes British passport holders. You're on the dole, perhaps you don't have a job, but you were born in the UK. You do have a British passport. For that reason, you carry the privilege and responsibility of British citizenship. You come second and third, everyone else. Emergency care only with costs recovered wherever possible. We will negotiate with the governments of the countries you come from. If you fly in from Nigeria, give birth to a baby and spend $120,000 in hospital fees, chilling out at the luxurious Luton and Dundesville hospital, we will petition the government of Nigeria to pay us back through trade tariffs.  And if you personally have any money, you will pay us back directly or you'll be arrested for scamming us because that's what it is. It is a scam. If I know someone gives out free cookies to everyone who lives in their house and I sneak into their house and eat the cookies and say, oh, well, the cookies are free here. Yeah, for their family, for the people who contribute to the household, not for you. It is a scam. If you fly to England and get chemotherapy, when we have people die of cancer who are British, you have scammed us. Did you know the NHS spends 500 million annually on health tourism? 500 million for people who are sick, fly it in, scam in the taxpayer, run it up hospital bills, and haven't paid a single pound into the system? Why has this been allowed to happen, Andrew? This is unsustainable. And you know what, the 7.6 million people waiting for treatment, 7.6 million people who are from all over the world, who have never contributed to the UK, they can wait because I'll tell you something. Not a single British...  tax payroll wait for treatment and after that soon after all British passport holders will be taken care of Everyone else is gonna have to wait because the NHS eight years the country eight years not of its yours and you're lucky We talked to you at all is Incredible that these people feel entitled to the things that generations of British people have built the entitlement that these people hold and That in failure and incompetence of our politicians allow them to exploit us is truly criminal enough There needs to be accountability for these things if you're sick go home Accountability and government Did you know that over 30% of MPs fail to meet basic attendance standards? These are the people meant to lead us into fight for us and I've been showing up to work if you don't show up You're out MPs will work for the people not their paychecks weekly referendums Powered by the blockchain to avoid fraud will give every Britain a voice on the issues that matter most you match your passport With the blockchain you get your voting rights. We want no other information from you besides where you vote on current issues and what you  which direction you decide the government to take. Each week there'll be an important issue we put to the people and they will vote by a referendum. We're not just taking back our borders. We're going to take back democracy. When something grips the nation like Shemima Bayjum, we'll ask all the people, do we let her back or not? What do the people think? Let me tell you something about Shemima Bayjum. One more thing. You are barred. You are barred from my nation. You remain a citizen non-grata on nobody in a refugee camp. You remain where you are because you attempted to destroy the lives of British people. You betrayed the nation that raised you. I don't want to make one other thing clear when I'm in charge. Every single lawyer, every single charity, every single left wing NGO, everyone who ever advocated for your return will also be extradited. They will also be deported because I don't like traders and you can all go back to where she is. Everybody who tried to get her back in the country is being deported from the Great Britain because we're not wanted. We don't like traders. Here. Here. No traders want stuff. You're all gone.  We're really got treachery. We're not throwing a whole bit of it. We need to be charged with treachery over you. The high court of London, there will be inquests. And there will be cases in which people are charged for the crime of freedom. You are treacherous. It can't start or commit in prison. By all the young girls to be robbed. And sorry, right. By all the young girls to be raped. Can't start or commit in prison. By all the young girls to be stabbed to death. And then do nothing about it. The politicians who were tempted to get it should be a picture back in the country committed treason. These are treason in this action. Everybody who allows a vote and vote. And it doesn't vote against the vote plan. Our show is guest war. Traitor. You are traitor. It is treason and you will face a judge. I have zero tolerance on crime. Enough is enough. If you are a non-citizen and you commit a crime in the UK. No matter how small.  all the crime. I don't care if you speed, I don't care if you jaywalk. You're gone. You're gonna respect our country when you arrive. That's non-citizens and people not born in the United Kingdom. I don't care if you move to England from Morocco when you were three. And now you're four-y. If you're stealing- Back to Morocco or wherever will take you. Instant deportation. Zero appeals. For those who were born in the UK, my plan is to put 25,000 plane clothes officers in London alone. Violent offenders will face the full force of the law, and police officers will meet strict standards. Big strong men in plane clothes armed walking the streets day and night. You want to rob someone? You better pray it's not one of them. Because someone's gonna shoot you. I promise you. I will take London back from the clutches of depravity. The clutches of its sabbigry, the disgusting things they are permanently and currently doing to the United-  Kingdom I will have playing closed officers on every corner I will make the UK and especially loved it safe to walk again We're gonna be a safe place to walk any time of night to live to the thrive. I will guarantee it And all it's gonna take is a few strong men a few pistols and a large walking map We get a big map will draw all the roots who walks what place when Play closed officers everywhere carrying iPhones carry things that looks expensive and They will be all the rise to shoot you if you could front them with some sort of weapon They will be authorized to immediately arrest you and tackle you to the ground and punch you and hurt you if you attempt to snatch their items on arm They will have rights to search you arrest you and they'll kill you if you put their life in they not many people know that England is so ridiculously unsafe and that you face the The chance to be robbed at knife point nearly permanently in our capital city  Let me make something clear to you. In America, if you pull a knife on a cop, you get shot. Well, guess what? As the new Great Britain, we're going to be working very closely with our partner across the Atlantic with their new resurgence in government. And because of that reason, we're going to adopt some of their ideals and customs. If you pull a knife on an undercover officer attempting to rob him, he has authorized to use legal force. Or if you pull a knife in front of him, if he is walking 100 meters from you down the street and you pull a knife on another teenager, you pull a knife on a knife. An old lady, you pull a knife at a shopkeeper. That man is not just authorized, but obliged to blast you, obliged by law to blast you. And after seven eight of these scumbags, catch a bullet. It will end because that's the only way it's going to end. The current government has no plan, no intention of doing anything, no road map, no ideas, and no intent, no care, no concern. They don't feel responsibility. They're not.  They're gonna do nothing. They're gonna let the capital city crumble and do nothing. I'll do something. And you know what, if we only have to lose the lives of six scumbags who walk around with knives to restore London to his previous glory. Worth it. I think that's worth. Absolutely worth it. To restore London to the city it used to be. To bring back England to the place it once was. And all we have to do is lose the lives of scumbags who do nothing but terrorize their fellow citizens. I think that's worth every single penny. And to do it there's gonna be 25,000 armed playing clothes officers permanently patrolling the streets of London. And as my brother said, if you attempt to rob them they are obliged to use deadly force. If they see a robbery taking place they are obliged to use deadly force. And within a month once a or nine of these scumbags have caught lead and they're in the ground this garbage ends and our city is restored. A transparent and...  fair tax system. My brother and I were recently accused of tax evasion and had our money stolen. We didn't even live in England. We haven't lived there in 10 years. We didn't understand exactly why they think we owed them taxes in Devon where I've never been. But apparently we did. The tax code is deliberately confusing and it's confusing to allow the elites to evade tax and for the poor people to be screwed by tax. And the worst thing about it is if you're an elite like us who says things they don't like, they then pretend that you're complicated. Tax structure is not fine. Even though it's been fine most of your life and everyone else you know who's rich does it. And they screw you with the law. The current tax code is a labyrinth. It's punishing success and driving talent away. Why if you have an online business? Would you sit in the UK with this labyrinth of tax codes, make 50% tax when you can move your businesses to Dubai and pay zero. And that is what is happening. And that is why there's a brain drain and a millionaire drain of the UK. Our best, our brightest, our richest, our most innovative, our highest  Our hardest working people are leaving because of garbage like this. So we will have a new simplified tax code that can be read and understood by the laymen in under 20 minutes. No hidden pitfalls or penalties as you get richer. Success will be rewarded, not penalized. This will stolt the Exodus of Britain's brightest and insure that prosperity stays within our borders. A brand new tax code for cryptocurrency will be introduced. Working with industry leaders to encourage investment in this innovative and world-changing technology. Because currently the UK is being left behind. You can't even buy cryptocurrency from a UK bank. They are being left behind. Bitcoin's the future. America is going to adopt it. Everybody knows it. And as usual, the incompetent lazy, slow leadership. We have to endure inside the United Kingdom. We'll be 15 steps behind when they finally accept the inevitable truth of things like Bitcoin. And it hurts the British people. It hurts Britain's competitiveness. It hurts the British economy. And enough is enough. All of that has to change on day one.  We're going to restore masculinity in strength because it is masculinity. That's the foundation of a thriving nation. It is masculinity, which they currently demonize. It is masculinity. You wish they call toxic. It is masculinity, which they attack and attempt to purge from our educational systems and look at this state of name from our culture and from our society. It is masculinity. That built Britain. It is masculinity. That built us. And weak men build weak nations. Britain's decline is rooted in a culture that has forgotten the value of strength, discipline and resilience. To restore our nation's greatness, we must rebuild its backbone. Strong men who will protect, provide and lead. We're going to add boxing and wrestling to schools. Why not? I wrestled in high school in America. Discipline courage and perseverance aren't taught. They're forged by bringing boxing and wrestling back into schools.  will empower young men to channel their energy, learn self control, develop resilience to the face of adversity. These sports don't just build physical strength, they instill mental fortitude and a sense of purpose. A generation of discipline young men will rebuild the character of our nation and restore pride in what it means to be British. Another thing that needs to happen is the city of London, along with the playing clothes officers, along with BBC punishment, along with courts which are fast tracking the deportation of illegals. A licensed armed security, because in my how rich you are in England, you cannot afford armed security making your permit target. You can have five bodyguards. If ten men with machetes run up, you're in trouble. All of that ends. I want prominent businessmen, world leaders, prominent industrialists. I want all of them to feel safe on the streets of London. And for that reason, we will have licensed and armed security purchasable for the rich. So they want again, are happy to enjoy London in the summer or winter or invest in the UK.  Absolutely everybody having that influx of money people used to I remember big going to London many many years ago 15 16 17 years ago before things got so bad and there all sorts of Lamborghinis and Ferrari's that with the Arabic license plates People from Kuwait would fly their cars in and a joy London not anymore That's all stopped because no matter what you do you are not safe in London No, there will be a government controlled scheme where you can lease our security officers from the UK government obviously boosting revenues and Laying people who are rich and successful and affluent walk around London safely without having to worry about losing their arms or some Somali can have a new watch A stronger future for Britain is laying the foundations for independence and prosperity and we're not stopping there The things we've highlighted on this emergency meet or just the beginning if you want to see more and you want to be updated as We adjust our manifesto and our charts are going into the future Please sign up at votebrough.co.uk. We're building a stronger independent Britain and it requires bold steps  A national Bitcoin reserve. The UK debt is untenable. Something must be done. Bitcoin is the future. We will follow lockstep with the United States. In fact, if I get in in time, God willing, I'll actually front run them. And we'll start a national Bitcoin reserve to pay off the UK debt. Nuclear power for energy independence. Britain's reliance on important energy leaves us vulnerable to price shocks and political pressure. We have a resource scare, a nuclear power is the key to breaking free. Clean and efficient reliable. It guarantees a stable energy supply while slashing emissions. By investing in modern nuclear infrastructure, we secure our energy independence. It shields Britain from rising costs and at least a groundwork for a self-sufficient and thriving nation. Along with that, we have to do a lot more. We get the rest of these bullet points here. Let's do the superchets quickly. Bravo. British Republic unconditional victory. I like that. A beautiful presentation. This is Wheat Manor Vipers in fact strong men are truthful.  and do what is right, you're doing God's work. May God bless you in this Prime Minister run. What was that first one, bro? Love you guys. British Republic unconditional victory. British Republic's unconditional. I recognize that Donald Trump is symbolically significant. And trans by those who shall not be named, you have the necability to both symbol and manifest nationalism. Well, as we said, zero funding for absolutely anybody else. It's going to be 100% England first. No matter how much power I get, that will be my goal. No, I cannot skyrocket that mean coin. I'm not even going to say its name. Hey, guys, just wanted to donate to take pledge. Hi, Andrew. Happy to see you, Jesus. Trying to restore the UK. A student of the real world. And my country Bulgaria is super corrupt. Can I share a video with you via the real world? Sure, send it to me. I'm in the real world. Message it to me. That's all the super jets. Everyone's too hooked on what you're saying. As well as the Bitcoin reserve, as well as nuclear energy, we're going to have a comprehensive national health strategy.  emphasizing prevention. We're going to move beyond treatment to preventative healthcare as it could significantly reduce the long term healthcare costs and improve the quality of life. So that's everything about exercise, healthy, and prevention of disease as opposed to curing the disease. We're going to revamp the voting system, includes digital options to ensure higher vote or turnout and engagement. I want everybody in the UK interested in politics again. Most people in the UK have given up on politics. They don't vote, they don't watch, they don't care. Nobody cares who's in the parliament. Nobody listens to the prime minister. All of it is seen as a farce. We need to reinvigorate our democracy, get people reininterested with a clear transparent system that makes it very easy to have their voices heard, buy the weekly referendums, and very easy for them to vote. We're going to do that. We're going to restore faith inside of the voting system and the democratic process as a whole. We're going to create a ministry of the future. Just with long term planning and innovation, it will focus on identifying and preparing  for future challenges like demographic shifts and technological disruptions. And the foreign policy for Britain, working closely with our largest partner government the United States to foster cooperation in light of their political revival. Any organization, the UN, the World Health Organization, any organization which erodes national sovereignty will enjoy our withdrawal. If we say we're not having boats on our shores and the UN has something to say, we simply leave the UN. We will leave any and all organizations that erode our sovereignty and distract from our ability to make our own laws and govern ourselves. And absolutely any government, by the way, any, sorry, absolutely any entity that is not a world-elected government, all of these entities that try to push other governments into war, whether it be the European Central Bank or the World Health Organization or the United Nations who try to send, do try to tell me the Minister of War to send troops anywhere you will be categorized as  an enemy of the state. You will be my enemy and England will be at war at least in name with you because you are the one who wants young British men dead, not probably the place you're trying to send me to, Eritrea. Any organization that tries to get in our way, we will simply leave. Yeah. We will not have foreigners or the Paris Climate Change Accord. Sorry, no swear. No, you're right. Paris Climate Change, I don't care. Any organization that tries to tell me what to do. They will simply beat, we will simply leave. They can enjoy our reforms. Don't care. No interest in any of it. Absolute garbage. We are sovereign nation. Oh, also you forgot freedom of speech. I didn't forget it. We're getting there. Oh, really? I thought it was the last slide. But this is a call to action. Freedom of speech. Yeah. Of course, freedom of speech. You're going to get an American style. First amendment. I don't care if I like what you say. You'll say whatever you like in my England. These unnoticed policies, they're declarations of freedom.  A future where Britain stands strong and dependent and unshakable, no longer at the mercy of external forces. This is the foundation of a new era for our nation. This is the vision, a Britain that is proud, strong and unyielding, a Britain that defends its borders, protects its people and celebrates its culture. We owe this to our ancestors who fought for this land. We owe it to our children who will inherit it. This is not just a statement, it is a call. Stand with us, fight with us because Britain is worth it. We want your voices heard. We want you telling everybody to vote, brov. Because they don't know what brov is, you can explain it to them. You can explain it as the party of the youth. You can explain it as lead by one of the most dedicated and fearsome men on the face of the planet. My unmatched perspicacity, couple with sheer indifitigability, makes me a fear to pote and any realm of human endeavor. And it doesn't matter if I become prime minister in two years or ten years, sooner or later I will be in that seat and I guarantee you will fix Britain. I guarantee you if we implement these things I have said the UK can be safe and my promise is to everybody at home who believes in me. Goodbye do not implement every single  one of these policies within 90 days of taking office, I will step down. I promise that unlike all of these other leaders who say words and lie, get into office and do nothing. I'm a man of action. There will not be conversation. There will not be debates. There will not be but<|zh|>ives, there will not be inquiries. There won't be delays. There will be instant action, instant implementation of these policies. And if I do not do that, I'll be stepping down from power. That is my guarantee that the British people, because the UK is on the precipice. We are out of time. It will get to the point of irreversible in a few short years. If something isn't done and it seems no one's interested in doing it. So I'm going to come and do it myself for everybody who does not believe this is a serious intention. You are going to learn the hard way. And for everyone who believes in me, please share the message. Follow vote, brov at vote, brov on Twitter. Go to vote, brov.co.uk. Sign up to the email list, brov as a political party, brov is a movement. Brov is going to the moon. Brov is going to conquer all. Brov is going to the moon. Everyone.  said that everyone believes in it and the future as ours. Thank you very much for joining us in this emergency meeting.