 Hello friends, welcome to End of Deaths another video Hello everyone, I know you were thinking this was gonna be a happy party. We're all gonna have a great time But to be honest with you, I'm facing a little bit of a crisis and I thought I'd come to my best friends and fans to have an honest sober and somber Conversation about the existential cut crisis I find myself in as the most influential man on the planet Because I feel like I've reached an impasse I feel like there's a wall of ignorance. I can't seem to puncture even with my masterful I keto and I'm attacking it endlessly with vigor and lethal intention But the ignorance and laziness of the coward class Prop up this wall and it feels almost impassable Like a unstoppable force against an immovable object So we're gonna talk about that today  and how that all correlates to the Bitcoin price. Because the truth is, when I saw Bitcoin go to $100,000, I came to the realization, the stark truth that the majority of you are fucking losers. This sweater is Vakunya. I know you don't know what that is, but it's basically some alpaca like motherfucker, somewhere in some mountain somewhere, and each sweater costs $20,000.  This is a $20,000 sweater. I'm only telling you that because someone said nice sweaters or want him to know probably never be able to afford one. Because it's Vakunya and it's custom made from a tailor. And he said, I'll get hold of the Vakunya fabric, but it's gonna cost $20,000. I said, make me three in three different colors. Because 60 grand is fuck all. And do you know what else used to be 60 grand? Bitcoin. I'm gonna pause and break the fourth wall here. My skill set at linking things is fucking flawless. That's why I podcast her good. I can be talking about chicken and rice and end up linking it to fucking hedgermonious societies. I can just link shit. I just linked Vakunya sweaters and Bitcoin pricing. There's no one like me. I'm built different. When the Bitcoin price reached $100,000. Below my brother and I were celebrating. Part of...  me felt sad and I felt sad because I'm actually a humanist. I do the things I do because I'm out here trying to help you people, those below me. Please understand we all started at the bottom. In fact, many of you started above me and I've climbed as hard as I could blisters on my feet, tore my hands apart to climb to the top of the mountain and when I got there, instead of ignoring everybody else who was scrambling on the cliff side, I turned around and blade down my hand and said, I will help you. I will bring you up here where I am. I'll tell you the pitfalls. I'll tell you where you might slip and die. I'll tell you how to make it to the top because I'm a good person. And when Bitcoin hit $100,000, I was reminded of all of the people on the side of the cliff who simply refused to fucking climb, refused to try. I have been  telling you, I have been repeating for the last three years. How important it is that you make some money, get spare finance. Stop trying to fucking trade and be a smart ass. Instead, dedicate yourself, learn how to make money online. I will teach you inside the real world, dedicate yourself, get spare money and buy Bitcoin. I have been saying it every single day for three years. And I've been saying it because the outcome was always certain in my mind. I was telling you this when Bitcoin was 4,000. I was telling you this when Bitcoin was 8,000. I was telling you this when Bitcoin was 16,000 all the way up to 67,000. E8,000. I have been repeatedly saying the exact same thing because the outcome was certain. And even though none of you disagreed with me, you didn't argue with me. You knew that my thesis.  You knew that my opinion on the future was correct. You STILL didn't bother to work and get money. You knew your money would amplify. Do you understand the cowardice and laziness which plagues your blood? If you understand that the money you make today, you can double it in a few short months and you STILL don't fucking try. There must be something clinically wrong with you people. And the reason I'm saying I'm in a crisis is because I used to tell everyone that women were fucking dumb. Well, we all know that now and the subject's boring. Even they know it. Women aren't even girl bosses anymore. They're all begging to bake cookies and get paid for. Women are finished. Subject over. So then I used to motivate you guys. I was like, well, let me motivate them instead.  But no matter how hard I scream down the side of the mountain climb Do this put your foot there Don't do that you'll slip and fall climb. It's great up here. You can make it You just don't seem to want to fucking try If there is a guaranteed chance to double all of the extra money you make and you still don't try What more can I say within the confines of human language that will motivate you Perhaps God himself Simply has a plan for certain people and the plan for you was eternal regret and never ending surfdom Perhaps the plan for people like you was simply for you to perm a fail and Lay his testament To how a life can be built on ignorance laziness and arrogance  So that people look at you as a warning sign of what not to be. Perhaps that's why you exist. Men like me, we exist to fight the matrix, to reproduce with 50 sons and to resist enslavement. Men like you exist as a warning sign to all other men. Do not end up like that fucking idiot. Because I have been telling you for years. And now that Bitcoin's $100,000. Do you know what message I keep getting sent? Andrew, how do I make some money? I need Bitcoin. Andrew, can you motivate me? Why weren't you motivated when Bitcoin was 8,000? Why weren't you motivated when you stood a chance? Why weren't you motivated when I spoke before? Why must reality slap you in the face so brutally? For you to wake up, you're the kind of dickhead.  Who drives his car on the ice and slides all over the place and won't slow down It's only when you hit a fucking tree and lose a leg Do you sit there like a pirate a dumb pirate with a wooden fucking leg? You sit there and go I might slow down next time You only learn lessons to hardest possible way and Here I am Respect it is one of the greatest orators in the English language trying my best to convince you to win I'm not trying to convince you to commit suicide I'm not trying to convince you to die. I'm not trying to convince you to lose I'm trying to convince you to do something you should already want a fucking do which is win And I can't seem to get you to take action and move and work This outcome was certain  You knew it, I knew it, and you still just laid in bed at night after an average day of meager efforts and slept like a fucking baby. You went to bed broke and slept like a fucking baby. If I knew I was gonna wake up broke, I wouldn't go to sleep. I don't want to wake up broke ever. So if I feel like close my eyes and having a little bit of rest is gonna lead to me waking up broke, I ain't close my eyes. Money must be made. And this Bitcoin opportunity is actually one of a long string of opportunities that you have squandered in your insignificant-  Unremarkable meager existence Nobody knows who the fuck you are Nobody knows your name The matrix ain't trying to put you in jail Women aren't begging for your children You're a fucking nobody And you're a nobody Because every single time God gives you a chance You ignore it Even worse When you are given GARANTEED WINZ Like earn money by Bitcoin You do nothing When winners like me We attack with absolute vigor When the win isn't even guaranteed I've tried harder For most things in my life With a fraction of a percent of a chance for success Than you've ever tried for anything With a guaranteed payoff I used to go to work Not knowing if I get paid You are guaranteed to get paid We are telling you is guaranteed That there was a  of gold at the end of that rainbow, but you can't seem to fucking finish the walk because you need to stop and jerk off. You are a fuck up if you have less than a hundred bit coin. You are a fucking idiot because you've had three years of me telling you what to do. Three years of me teaching you how to make money. Three years of me guaranteeing you the future. And it's only just begun because Bitcoin is going to go to a million. And then what will you message me? Andrew, I need some money. I need some Bitcoin. Andrew, can you motivate me? And here's the impasse. Here's the wall I can't seem to break. If I don't need to remind the world the women can't drive anymore and I can't seem to motivate you fuckers to win. What am I even talking for? Why am I even here? What's the point of any of this?  You should look in the mirror and feel a deep sense of shame. You should think of all those days you have wasted. All those evenings spent jerking off the pornhub. All those late mornings you laid in. All those times you want to sign up for the real world and delayed it. All of the mistakes you've made across the last two years. Because if you made none of those mistakes and you tried instead and added it all together, you would have bought Bitcoin and now that's $100,000, you would be rich forever. You could be rich for the rest of your fucking life if you had just tried for the last two years. The time's already gone. The time's been spent. You can't even tell me what you did with it. You didn't work. You didn't get rich. Cool. What did you do the last two years? I went on holiday. Okay, that's five days. I'll fucking 600.  What did you do for the rest of them? Ummm... Well I was trying, clearly fucking not. You weren't. And you know what? The number one measure of a winner is self-reflection. When you're a winner, you analyze your performance in all things. If you're a grandmaster at chess, after you play a game, win or lose, you go through the game to identify mistakes, to see what you did right, to see what you did wrong, you talk to other grandmasters, you get their take on the position. If you're a fighter, you watch your fights back. And here you are living your life, you're not even fucking reflecting. Stop for a second and think about what I just said to you. All of the time you have wasted. Now you feel phomo, if you would have just acted when I was...  imploring you to act. If you would have just done what you knew needed to be done, you would be sitting in a completely different situation right now. Your bloodline would be financially free for eternity. Your great grandchildren, who you may never meet, would know your name because you're the one who saved the family. Instead you will die insignificant and be forgotten by your own blood because you are another pointless cog in the shit machine which is your legacy. Which is your bloodline. Your dynasty leads to nowhere because you wanted to fucking jerk off instead of try. And you come to me to motivate you. How the fuck can I motivate limp dick losers like that? What do you want me to say? I gave you a guaranteed win. I told you what was gonna happen. I gave you a way to make the money. I came on here every day and told you to fucking work.  I gave away free Lamborghinis, I gave away free crypto, I kept saying, I'll give it you, I'll give you the world. The Paul Gold's at the end of the rainbow, I kept making the rainbow, sure and sure. I kept making the Paul Gold closer and closer. No, I'm not how close I dragged it, you just stood there like a dipshit. Oh yeah, boys, over there. Maybe your old is born to fucking lose. Maybe there's nothing I can say. It doesn't matter how I preach, you losers are losers by design. It's in your DNA, it's in your blood, it's in your cells. You can't change it. No matter what situation I put you in, you'll find a way to fucking lose. Maybe you're the guy who you can in.  trust. You'll say, here's a gun. There's our prisoner. Keep the gun on the prisoner. And if he moves, shoot him. And you'll stand there with a gun, pointing at the prisoner. And me, the boss will go piss. I want to come back in the room. The prisoner's gone. And you're dead. And I'll just look at you on the ground, lifeless, double tapped in the fucking dome and think, how the fuck did you even do that? How did you even fuck that up? Why, how did he traverse 11 meters and beat the shit at double tap, I've only taken a piss. I've been going 19 seconds. And then I'd look up to the sky, look up to God and say, was he just born to fucking lose? There is no other justification for your monumental impotence and lack of action.  Besides the fact that your DNA is literally enlaced with loserdom. I don't understand you. Worst of all, although you've done nothing but fuck up, the second best time to get started is now. I will say to you, you've missed a lot of chances, but there is still a chance left. Because if you get serious now and you start working now, you can get Bitcoin at 100,000 before it goes to a million and you can still save your bloodline and you'll sit there and go, yeah, I'm going to do it. And then 16 minutes after this stream ends, you're going to be back on fucking steam downloading  run around and get shot in the fucking head. Like a dipshit. You're unsavable. And then because I talked about reflection, I also have to reflect myself. Have I become elitist now? As a man who's climbed the mountain from the very bottom, from the lowest ashulons of poverty, from more poor than most of you have ever been. There was no food in my fucking fridge. Most of you are starting higher than I ever started. And now I'm at the top of the mountain looking down going to these people just deserve to stay on the cliff face waiting for an avalanche to annihilate them. Maybe they deserve boredom. Maybe poor people deserve to be poor. Maybe all the poor people who go, I don't want to be poor. I've tried hard. Are fucking lying. Maybe they're just lazy, stupid, arrogant idiots and nobody could help anyway. And if you get to know these people, they're not even nice people and they stake their friends and they lie and they cheat. And they're all just  because good people who work hard seem to always win. Why is it when I meet a good person who listens and works hard? They always fucking win. Biological extension, anyone who has not won, is not a good person who works hard. That is a logical conclusion. If every good person with a good work ethic ends up a winner, and you're not a winner, then you're not a good person with a good fucking work ethic. You're a dipshit, somewhere along the line or something wrong with you. When Bitcoin hit $100,000, me, the man with over a thousand Bitcoin, was mad at himself for not having more. Because I could have had more, I could have taken one pump less and all those bitches and added it all up and saved hours and made some money. You don't even have fucking...  And you don't feel any shame in your fucking heart. There's nothing bothering you deep inside. You sleep just fine. Everything's okay is it? It's all, oh well, I, doop, doop, doop. The fuck is wrong with you people. What the fuck is wrong with you? I don't understand. So this party, this $100,000 party, isn't a happy event for me. Cause I'm mad, I don't have more. And I'm mad I've been preaching to a bunch of fucking lame dickheads for years who don't seem to want to win. But I have enough to disappear into the sunset. And my family will be rich for eternity. You do not have the same thing. You do not have that fortune. To prove my point.  Because I'm a man who likes to live inside of proves. We're gonna spend the next 20 minutes loading up tweets of me, random tweets of me saying, make money by Bitcoin. Because I know I would hate for any of you to call me a liar to say, oh, Andrew couldn't have mentioned it that much. I don't really remember you mentioning it that much. Because your brain's full of shit. Because your brain's full of imaginary scenarios where that girl on Instagram replies to you. And you take her on a date and you tell her funny jokes. And you get married because you're a faggot. She's never gonna reply to you. You're a fucking loser. The fact you have to even imagine her showing interest in you. In and of itself is proof, concrete evidence from the fabric of the cosmos that you're a fucking loser.  I don't have to imagine girls applying to me. I don't have to girls beg me. I just have to fucking point. You could be a someone. All you had to do was work these last few years. You could be a millionaire. Good retire. You could save your mother from being coarsened in the labor market. You could prolong the life of your loved ones with medical care. You could literally keep your parents alive longer. And you still didn't try. You still couldn't be motivated. Extra years of consciousness for the people who birthed you is somehow not as important as jerking off on porn hub. It seems to fucking scumbag.  like losers like you. And you wonder why I end up in a position where I think to poor people even ever deserve to win. Let's start. Nice and easy, shall we? If Bitcoin goes to 70K, I will call you all losers. Simple, effective, please understand my communication style. Efficient, poignant, compenduous, compelling, and  of itself, it inspires curiosity. Why would he call me a loser if Bitcoin goes to 70K? I sit and ponder as a dipshit why a billionaire would call me a loser of Bitcoin goes to 70K. I don't really get it. Let me think a little deeper. Is it because I don't have any fucking Bitcoin? Ah, maybe the person who's been yelling at me to buy some is now telling me that I haven't tried hard enough and I don't have enough of them and as the price goes up, he's going to insult me and remind me of my monumental failures. Doesn't that make sense? 1.9,000 retweets, 1.9,000 impressions, you probably saw it and you just thought, and scrolled straight past it. Straight back to only fans.  What more can I fucking do? What more can I do for you? I'm gonna meet you people on the street, you're gonna come up to me. Hey, could I have a picture? And you just stink of an adequacy. Can I have picture please? Did you see this tweet? I'm gonna ask you, did you see the tweet where I said I'd call you a loser? And Bitcoin got to 70,000. I'm gonna sue you, say. Fucking gay. Next. I bought my first Bitcoin in 2018. Since then, I've been buying some Bitcoin.  you you  Do you understand? Let's analyze his professionals. I'm telling you, first, before you consider the language you have to qualify the words. Who is saying what is being said? 2 plus 2 equals 4 from a toddler is not the same as 2 plus 2 equals 4 from a world level mathematician. So who are saying these words? Andrew Tate, the most famous man in the world. He's not an influencer with a business. He's a businessman with influence. In fact, he's considered the world's hero for any breathing red-blooded male on the planet. And this man who is financially successful, along with having remarkable accolades and nearly all realms of human achievement, has told me when he bought his first Bitcoin and told me that he has bought some every-  week since then and will never ever sell it. If there is an ounce of professionalism in your blood, that should inspire you to do the same. And I asked you, do you understand? I guess it's a good thing that I can't hear you or read your thoughts. I can't imagine what would be more depressing than hearing the thoughts if you can call it thoughts of you people. But if I could, it would probably sound something like, no, I don't understand. Fucking losers. I'll buy some more Bitcoin today. I'm diamond hands along with you.  other me and Michael sailor. Guess you didn't buy any when he bought. Here's this is all my Twitter. There's a video with a price dropped to $22,000. There was a price crash. In fact, no, it wasn't 2022. It was 2021. What was the Bitcoin price in July 2021? Because of COVID, there was some kind of panic, some kind of crash. This is me driving a McLaren 765 LT, which I collected brand new and Munich on my way to Slovenia. I remember filming this video. I'm driving to Slovenia during COVID without a vaccine, without a fucking mask. I'm not allowed in the country. I go up to the border and lied and said I lived in Slovenia, got past the border, Bitcoin crashed. Everyone started fucking panicking and I made a video which you can find on my Twitter still now. Me calling everyone a pussy and saying buy Bitcoin ASAP. What was the Bitcoin price in July 2021?  31,000. But here over in 22,000, so it might have been during the crash for a couple of days, it really dumped down. Since 2021, I've been telling you what to fucking do. You see a man breaking the COVID rules, you see a man in a car you can't afford, you see a man living a lifestyle that you don't have, he's telling you what to do. Did you do it? Did it inspire you? So, Western governments in a nutshell, Germany sold all their BTC at 53K and mixed a 1.7 billion profit so far. That's now currently over 3 billion. There'll be no investigation, no accountability, nobody loses their job. We haven't even decided, we don't even know who decided to do this or why. It's just, oh well, don't I have enough talk about it? On to the next stupid decision. But don't listen.  Afflection no feedback what did I say to you about how a professional feedbacks on his own life? How a grandmaster analyzes his own games you fucking idiots are like Germany You've made the biggest fucking fumble taking the biggest L in modern history and you're not even looking in the mirror going How did I make this mistake? What did I ignore? Why wasn't I motivated? How did I not have money? When did I not listen did I see these tweets? If not why didn't I see them if I did see them? Why didn't they implore me to action? Why didn't I sell my car on buy Bitcoin? Why didn't I join the real world and make some more money? Why? Why? How can I make sure this doesn't happen again? How can I change things for the future? What plans and systems can I put in place to prevent me from being a loser anymore? I feel bad I feel guilty. I feel shame. I feel dirty. I'm a fucking idiot. I fucked up. I'll never fuck up again I need to learn to trust myself. This can't be repeated. I have to make something on myself for my bloodline something must change  Bitcoin prices up. I wish I had some money. Can you motivate me to? Here's one for you. Bitcoin hack. With the monumental growth of BTC and impending global reserve status, many of you feel priced out of obtaining a significant allocation. Here's some advice on what to do. Get a time machine and buy some when it was cheaper instead of being a fag cunt. What you motherfuckers need is a time machine. Andrew, I'd love to buy some Bitcoin but all much money. Then what you need lol W примерs sometime in June imported Bitcoin and  a time machine. I'm a talented man of various and significant capability, but I don't have a time machine. And if I did, I wouldn't lend it to a dip shit. So you ask me how you're gonna get Bitcoin for fucking ten bucks each. My answer is you need a mother fucking time machine. And either you're gonna invent one, find one or go without. And I have a strong suspicion as option number fucking three. At the time when Bitcoin was affordable, your arrogant ass always tell me to buy Bitcoin, but you know, I'm gonna buy a beer. Or rather, you know, I'm gonna buy a beer instead. I'm gonna go movies with my girlfriend. That bitch probably left you now. Who were you fucking in 2010? You don't even know. She left you. She's fucking someone else. You were spending your time with her instead of fucking getting rich.  Think about the woman you were with five years ago all the time you spent listening to her crap and taking her on dates She's now sucking a new dick. You could have been focused on something important and got rich you wasted your fucking time You could have been as somebody Now you're fucking messaging me asking for a time machine I have every car that's ever been manufactured. I got the cunials sweaters If it can be bar I bought it There's no time machines So you're done fucked up Next time your girlfriend says let's go movies are you gonna sit and think wait? I went movies with a bitch in 2015 instead of focusing on getting rich and buying Bitcoin and now I'm not rich now This new bitch try to make me go to a movie again. I'm still not rich need money I should join the real world instead and say no  No movies! I'm locked in, I'm into trenches, I'm getting rich. Stand by me and enjoy the fruits of my labor. Or be gone! You dummies are probably just fucking not learning a thing. Oh well, my girlfriend wants to go movies, so... Holden hands. Fucking making wife Jack memes. Gay as fuck. Real niggers have all their money in Bitcoin and love boating. Kristen just bought a yacht for my birthday, completes in two years. It looks like a battleship because it's steel-hold. I didn't want a fiberglass whole yacht. I want a steel-hold yacht. I don't care if it's a little bit slower, it's stronger. Why did we buy a yacht? We bought a yacht because we love boating. We love Bitcoin and we love boats. You understand?  This is an important one here. You read it out. You missed a crypto pump because you're a loser with no genius friends. You're going to miss the crypto dump because you're a loser with no genius friends. You're going to miss out on a ton of money. You're going to lose a ton of money all because you're too arrogant to join and have a genius tell you whether the price is going to go up or down. Stop missing out. Join the real world.com. Now if you read that, you should sit and say, well, I'm just right. I don't really know any genius people. No geniuses are calling my phone telling me what to do with crypto. Maybe I do need some advice. Maybe I do need some input from someone. Maybe. How much does it cost? Oh, it's basically free. $49. I will. I'll get the free environment.  I'll take the free advice. I may not listen, I may listen, but let's just take the free advice. Fucking unbelievable. I have thousands of these tweets. Here, I've also got some wins from the real world. I've got 100 wins from the real world. All here, I don't even need to read them out. I'm just gonna put them on the screen. I'm gonna save everybody time. Everyone in the real world. New exactly when to buy, when to go long, when to go short, profit made for $49. They made hundreds of thousands of dollars. They invest 49,000 to get hundreds of thousands of dollars back. These are people who listen to me when I talk. Listen to me, you can get rich. It's all here. Look, it's all here. I can do this for the next fucking 20 minutes. There are so many of these. Unbelievable.  So all here. So when Bitcoin gets to $200,000, let's pretend somehow by some miracle. I've managed to use the spoken word to puncture the sphere of an aptitude and incompetence, which surrounds your very being. And deep inside of your mind a splinter has been placed, an itch, a scratch that you can't seem to reach, a constant nagging in the back of your brain that prevents you from staying the nobody that you are. And you dedicate yourself.  to doing whatever it takes to win for this next period of monumental rebalancing in the financial markets of earth. Let's pretend everything you did between now at 100,000 all the way back to the inception of Bitcoin is now erased to the history books. Neither of us have a time machine so we cannot go back and change it. We can only change our actions for the future to build a new reality based on feedback from the previous. What will you do between 100,000 and 200,000 that is different than what you did between zero and 100,000? Tell me in the chat, what are you going to do for the next 100,000 dollar increase that is different than what you did for the last one in which you failed monumentally.  I'm going to read the super chats and I'm going to read out your chat. I want to hear exactly from you, from your own fucking brain. Say it to the universe. Say it to me. Speak it out loud. You tell me what's going to be different this time so that when the price reaches 200,000, you're no longer wallowing and self regret. You're no longer living with distinct pain afforded to you by the bitcher sweet. Hindsight, rain dance, work harder, try harder, work and buy, lock in, more fucking action. Now people are talking because you can't buy Bitcoin without any fucking money. Super chat from Mick D. Fuck them and let them lose. Tate, do you think the only way we will appreciate?  when you're gone. Are there brains so rotten they'll forget? Go back to video games, pour in an NPC life. I'm not sure. But a day will come where I just never stream again. And we'll hope my words echo into eternity to save enough young men to prevent the matrix and slaving us all. But when you're the kind of man who sits and refuses to take action, you'll always end up a slave. Because God loves action. Action is implored from you. Join the real world. Forget all excuses and act with speed. Gentlemen, we will do an emergency meeting when Bitcoin gets to $200,000. And let me be honest with you. I don't have a time machine.  I don't know when it will happen. All I know is that it will happen. And when it happens, whether it's in two months or two years, I'm going to sit down and ask you if you have tried your best or if you have once again, fucking failed. Because I haven't stopped stacking. I haven't stopped working. I haven't slowed down. I haven't got lazy. I'm still trying to get more, more of everything, more houses, more boats, more cars, more children, more Bitcoin, more you motherfucking name it, all of it. And you're going to have to answer to yourselves in the mirror when Bitcoin is at 200,000 because you've once again been warned. You could no longer claim or fain ignorance. There's no more.  excuses of I didn't know. You now know what I was telling you was a certainty has come true. The future is set. The win is guaranteed. I'm not asking you to be a hyper competent predator and apex like myself who is prepared to attack tasks with absolute vigor even with uncertain outcomes. I'm asking you to put in a little bit of effort to a task where the outcome asserts. Surely that's more inspiring when you know the finish line contains a pot of gold. Unlike the monumental tasks I undertook in my life where I reached finish lines and there was nothing there. I don't even ask that of you. You're not man enough for challenges like those. You are not built the way I am built. You could never endure or undertake.  the pain and suffering required to reach a finish line, unsure of whether you will be rewarded. I don't even ask, come like you, for dedication like that. Instead, I ask you to reach a finish line with a guaranteed consolation, a guaranteed result and reward and prize. Guaranteed is sitting there. So all I ask of you. It's all your bloodline will ask of you. It's all your family ask of you. It's all your grandchildren will ask of you. Everyone will be saying to you, why didn't you buy Bitcoin when it was cheap? Now it controls the world. Back then it was cheap. Why didn't you buy it? What's your answer gonna be? I didn't know. I knew, but I didn't have any money. Well why didn't you go and work harder?  I was tired. What excuse you're going to give on your deathbed to your unborn, great grandchildren if you're ever fortunate enough to get your dick wet? For your monumental failures. How can you even justify them? What excuse can you even fathom? I'm disgusted with you people. And the fact you're not disgusted with yourselves is genuinely concerning. It's worrying. You've seen the crackhead on the street, right? And he stinks of shit, shits his pants. And you look at him and you smell him and you go, why are you not repulsed by yourself, your own actions, your own situation you find yourself in, how your Look at them from the outside as you're atreading them everywhere you go to to a totally distinctive destruct when you say their things are terrible he's not having lies and he's like what's lacking? Kind of by your hands and feet and it's the same way at that moment. Why there are no yet principles and everything殿 that Lloyd uses that's also good for the whole of us. Why wouldn't a financial contribution  presence and existence, pollutes other people's experiences of sentience. How can you live this way? You stink. You just, I don't, I don't understand how it doesn't bother you that everyone's bothered by you. Why aren't you bothered by yourself? You're covered in puke and feces. That is how the successful people view people like you. Because we look at you and say, how the fuck do you just fuck up every day and you just wear it on your t-shirt almost with pride like it's fine. You stink a shit. You're poisoning my experience of humanity, my experience of consciousness because I have to fucking stand next to you. You're a lazy and significant dipshit. And no matter how hard you're told to take a shower, you just don't seem to want to fucking do it. And nobody really understands why besides what's ever inside it.  your crazy bullshit, loser DNA. You have no excuse to not make money because I'll tell you how to make money. All you have to do is try. No excuse to not take a shower, crack head. It's a shower right here. I'll give you a shower. Please come have a shower. The crack head says, no, I don't want a shower. Why? Oh, Let's get the dancing video, Mutress and Dancing.  Bitcoin, 100,000, please. Ooh, CNBC saying you missed it. 100 million for the price of one Bitcoin is a conservative estimate. Are you motivated yet? CNBC said times almost running out. Are you motivated yet? Andrew Tates yelling at you saying you haven't retired or parents yet. Are you motivated yet? Speech, man, your tape will open your eyes. Are you motivated yet? We told you we'd get it again to buy Bitcoin. You didn't listen. Now Bitcoin's 100,000 plus. If you weren't an idiot, you would have made money with our professor's guidance. This is the crypto campus inside the real world. You can follow it for free. Crypto TRW underscore on Twitter. Are you motivated yet? Are you? You still sitting around waiting to lose or are you motivated yet?  I'm looking for networking Mavericks financial architects and portfolio candidates to work for me. It's all here. Are you motivated yet? A winner can't be motivated. A winner can only win. So video you should watch from my profile. Here's me talking about crypto. This was this summer. I remember exactly where I was telling Bitcoin. It says right there. It's all here. It's all over my profile. This is me begging you to buy Bitcoin in 2022 and it was $16,000. I'm telling you buy it. Not when crypto was spiking and everyone was talking about it. Listen to this video. I'm saying get money. Get Bitcoin. You're going to thank yourself in a few years. Get money. It's all here. It's all written down. Let me show you how my...  brother and I celebrated. When Bitcoin hit $100,000, you could have felt joy when you saw that ticker. Maybe you did. Maybe you were just excited for the technology or what it meant. Fixed the money, fixed the world. Maybe you were excited because you're not 0.3 bitcoins now worth 30 grand. Like that's gonna change your fucking life. 30 grand, what lunch? 30 grand is lunch. I'm tired of yelling at you people. And I'm tired of trying to make losers be something else. There's only so much you can do to inspire a sheep to become a wolf. This $100,000 Bitcoin price should have woken you the fuck up. If you're awake, I will see you inside of the real world in the war room. Or you can stay a fucking loser and enjoy eternal slavery.   I really hate repeating myself. One of my pet peeves.  I find repeating myself insulting. If I say something and somebody doesn't listen to me, I consider it very much like a slap in the face. It's like, I was speaking words at you in a language that I know you understand and you ignored the words. And it bothers me deeply. I really don't like repeating myself ever. It feels like I have to with you people. Just like I told you to get Bitcoin a few years ago, let me tell you something else. Something I've already said. Inside the real world, your power level will equate to free cryptocurrency. I will give you a revolutionary security token, which is funded based on the profits of the real world. You will become a part owner and the largest online educational platform on the planet. For free. If you increase your power.  level inside the real world and the only way to increase your power level is to participate and make money. So by making money, you make power points which equate to crypto, which make more money. It is the largest and most important chance for the average man to generate generational wealth in years. So if you feel like you've missed out on Bitcoin, you haven't, you have work to do. But you also need to get inside of the real world and increase your power level. Let me give you one more piece of fucking advice and listen to me carefully because this will be a video that will be clipped and I will play it back in two years from now and you will kick yourself. Listen to me now. Listen in your heart. Listen to me because in two years when I play this video back, you're going to hate yourself for your lack of action. So listen to me clearly. I know things.  things you do not know. And I am warning you to buy daddy while you can. That is your warning. To acquire daddy while it is acquirable, very much like you were told to buy a Bitcoin when it could be acquired. I know things you do not know. And you have been fairly warned. So in two years when I ask you why you did not act, you have no excuse. You can pull out your ass. You were told directly from me. You need to work. You need to dedicate yourself. You need to take these next few months seriously. 2025 has to be a year of winners. You need daddy. You need a power level. You need to invest in Bitcoin. You need to stop being a fucking idiot. You need to reflect on your life. You need to feed back. You need to analyze all of the mistakes you have made. You need to stop wasting your time. Stop being a dipshit.  and stop relying on me for temporary bursts of motivation so that you can focus on something for once in your fucking life. Because time is running out. I don't like repeating myself. I've said daddy and I've said the real world enough. Now it is Darwinism. Those who do not benefit, do not deserve to benefit. I'm done talking. Act or fail. One week ago, the world teetered on the edge of collapse. Exploding gas prices, soaring interest rates, a nation and chaos. In a single night, everything flipped. Trump reclaimed the presidency. Bitcoin surged to an all time high. And the question is, where were you? Were you prepared? Or were you just another bystander watching it all happen from the sideline? Last week, while others panicked, members inside of the real world didn't just watch. They won. They made the kind of money that turns dreams into reality. Honda's into Lambo. Condos into Manch. $69,000. $100,000 a month. Five days.  200% gain in one month, I mean, $100. I have a six figure for full moon. Somewhere around my mother's belly. The world is changing fast, and those who adapt will thrive. This isn't just about following trends. It's about knowing how to dominate. Our students are ready. Armed with market timing, precision investment strategies, and next level crypto insights only available in the real world. Take control of your life and start making serious money. Join the real world. One week ago, the world teetered...  So friends that's it. So if you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video and we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew. And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see a video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you do have this restriction on Andrew date. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way only way. So I hope you will stay with me.  and you will wait for the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos regularly so let's see it see you again goodbye