 Hello friends welcome to end of the day another video Hello friends I was thinking I'll have a nice cigar and then I was thinking well Why don't I have a nice cigar with my friends on an emergency meeting sounds nice Then I thought Why don't I do something else I enjoy at the same time? Why don't I make fun of Kamala Harris and then I thought as a consummate professional who likes to do an all-encompassing job Why don't I just make fun of all women? So I kind of went from sitting on my chair working to Let's have a cigar with my friends and make fun of women And here we are Luckily  For us, they give us endless content to work with. Look, I know, I know. Trump's won now. We all have to clean up our act. All of us right wing influencers. We're not allowed to be misogynistic and racist anymore. Cause they just tar Trump with it. I get it. But can we have one last one for the road? A road beer, you know? One last spin. So here we are. We're going to focus on Kamala at first. But you know what I'm like once I get started. You ever been driving a car and almost crashed? And then afterwards you go, whoo, close. And then you imagine that alternate reality where you could crash the car that exact.  second and how bad it all could have gone. You know? That's how I felt today thinking that Kamala was almost the president. Do you guys have any idea how close we came to total fucking disaster? Let's all take a second and once again thank our lucky stars that she didn't win. The world would have been insufferable and we came so close and now we're like, okay, Trump won whatever and we're all over it. No, we need to go back. You nearly lost your life in that car accident. You need to dwell on it a bit. Dwell on your choices, dwell on your decisions. What would happen if I did hit that tree? All my kids are going to be okay. Like think about this we're going to think about it. We came this fucking close to endless DEI girl boss.  There's nothing worse than girl boss, bro. There's nothing more depressing as a man than sitting there needing something done and a female's attempting to do it. And you're just looking at her, observing her ineptitude. And she's not even humble about how she's failing. She's girl bossing it, you know? I know what I'm doing. And you're sitting there like, Brad. That would have been the entire presidency, a tranny in every office. Who's good at securing the border? A tranny! Who's good in the military? A tranny! Who's good with the banking? A tranny! Who's good? Like every single fucking office would have been filled with trannies. White people would have never got a job ever again. Bro, it would have been bad. So I'm gonna remind you how close we came.  That's my job is to remind you how close we came to fucking disaster. But we've been unburdened, luckily by Donald Trump. He unburdened us from this shit. And I ask you to remember the context in which you exist. Yeah, I did that. I know. I ask you to remember that this struggle is not new.  I'm gonna play it again. We're gonna watch it again. We're gonna watch it again. Forget all the amazing things Trump has done. Think of all the amazing things Trump has done. These motherfuckers would have done nothing. Nothing would have changed. Nothing would have got fixed. Everything would have got worse. They would have continued to steal your money and you would have been forced to endure and observe this shit. And I ask you to remember the context in which you exist. Yeah, I did that. I'm not. I ask you to remember that this struggle is not new. Yeah, I did that. Uh-huh.  You know what you did you fucking lost You're lost Taylor Swift lost all your dick at devil worshipping fucking celebrities lost you all lost Women can't do anything right That's why we give them unimportant jobs You know like clean the house It's not only that we don't want to do it. It's that if they don't do it right they can do it again without that much consequence You can't give women a job that they have to get right the first time like fly a plane Anything they can redo Make my dinner. This is shit make something else clean the house. It is clean. That's not clean do it again But if it's something they have to do right the first time That you ask a man to do it True false true fucking true brave We could never as fucking president And the the worst thing about girl bosses is  The harder they fail, the more arrogant they become as a defense. Because as a man, if I am told as a man to move this can from place A to place B, and I fail, and you ask me why, I'll explain why I failed or explain my plan to fix and rectify the problem in the near or immediate future. A woman has no plan and she can't take criticism. So when you ask her to move the can and she fails, her only response is to ignore the entire task she was trusted within the first place and respond with brutal arrogance. So what she could do? Why didn't you move the can? I'm speaking. The fuck I gotta do with the job I told you is to fucking move the fucking can. You know my father, my late great father. I didn't realize a lot of his genius till he died and now he's dead.  brother and I say to each other every day, dad was right, about a million different things. We say it all the time. But one of the things he was best at, I remember when I was a kid, I was like seven or eight years old. And he'd say, is it raining? Am I my mom would look out the window and go, no? And my dad would say, I don't trust women, Andrew, go look. I go look outside the window, I say a little bit. You say, yeah, false so. When women told my dad anything, he said, no, you can't even be trusted to observe the weather. No, is there a man around even an eight year old child? Are there any boys? Is there any, is there any man who can do this? I trusted eight year old boy more than I trust a full grown woman. Can anybody fucking answer this question? I don't listen to women because you're always wrong. Back then I was like, I didn't really get it. Now I get it. How many times you asked to shake something and just like normal shit? And you're like, how did you get that wrong? Is my wallet there? No.  We'll find it then. They look around, look around. Eventually you walk into the room and it's right there. What the fuck? Are you blind? Bro, that can't happen at governmental level. I think we all understand now how the Democrats effectively operate. They get into power. They don't do anything besides just steal. That's what they do. If you're not sure how they steal, I could do a pretty simple demographic, a pretty simple graph for you. Now basically what they do is they take government money and they give it to NGOs, non-governmental organizations and charities. And they get those NGOs to do the dirty work that the government is not allowed to do. So if they want you to take away your free speech, the government can't take away your free speech, but an NGO can get you silenced or can sue you to take away your free speech. So the government just adds this layer in between to do the dirty work. And they also steal all the money, right? They also use their NGOs to do dirty work abroad. So they'll get a country abroad and they'll say, we're going to start a charity that's based around...  protecting people from AIDS. This is a recent one, a real one. A charity that protects people from AIDS and we're going to send it a bunch of nurses and money to save people from AIDS, but those people are actually trying to overthrow the government by just causing problems. The problem, they're trouble makers and Geos. So this is how they steal the money. And then every single time they give a billion dollars to some charity, that charity can then do whatever it wants with its money. It can pay a speaking fee to the aunt of some center. So it's all just money laundering a big for most. The Democrats do nothing but just steal. And if you bring it up to them, why haven't you done anything? Their answer will be, I'm speaking, you know, even worse, the shield, this dumb shit gives you. When you start talking about climate activists and diversity and these other garbage things, that gives you the ability to steal endless money. Because now you can start endless charities for no reason.  If you're realistic and you start a charity, your charity has to do something. Hi, my charity feeds kids. What kids? Where? How many? When? Now you've got to come up with some kind of results. So you don't want to do that if you want to steal the charity money. So instead you start a charity promoting diversity and inclusion. Okay? Well, we've given you $500 million. What have you done? I made this TikTok about blacks. We put a bitch in a black hawk and she crashed. You know? They don't have to do anything. They just get to steal the money. They just steal it all. That's what they love about climate change and diversity, inclusion. Being climate awareness. 344 million please.  What does it even mean? Can you mean promote incline awareness? You know I'm capable of saying what the weather is. My dad taught me that in the fucking 90s. And now you're promoting incline awareness? Grab. All garbage. All gay. I'm flying another video of our mate Kamala and her infinite genius. Guys, I don't want to be misogynistic because I know that they they tarry me with this. And I know Trump's in charge now. I got clean up my act. I know it all. But but let me ask you a question. Be honest. Be honest. I'm not sure I'd be misogynistic. I'm sorry Donald Trump and Republicans. I don't want to get in trouble here. I'm a comedian. This is a comedic sketch. Just don't take it too seriously. Please. Guys. Guys. I'm a man who slept with over a thousand women and talks to plenty of them. Please. I can't remember the last time any of them said anything that turned my brain on in any way. I can't remember the...  The last time any of them said anything that made me pause and go, wait, I need to think about that. Interesting insight. How does that apply? You know, like all the podcasts I do, I talked to all these guys around the world, I talked to the war room guys, I'm inside the real world, I talked to my friends, we're having long conversations. I can't remember the last time a woman said anything and I had to pause to reflect. Ever. Ever. Now, I consider that their skill issue more than my misogyny, to be honest. Some VP here is I'm worried about the election. Women's reproductive rights are on the line, our Supreme Court is on the line, our basic freedoms are being tested, madam VP. I know you've been traveling across the country. What are you hearing? Yeah girl, I'm out here in these streets and let me tell you, you're...  right to Rajee, there is so much is stake in this moment. The majority of us believe in freedom and equality. But these extremists, as they say, they not like us. No, they not. There's a full on attack on our fundamental freedoms. The freedom to vote. Yep. The freedom to love who you love, the freedom to be safe from gun violence, the freedom for a woman to make decisions about her own body, not having her government tell her what to do. They not like us. The freedom to make a choice about my own body. I'm voting Kamala Harris because I want the freedom to make a choice about my own body. And the choice I make is to get spunked in and get pregnant and kill the baby. You know what, then maybe you shouldn't be allowed choices about your own  fucking body. If you're not going to take the pill and you're not going to go on contraception and you're not going to make him use a condom and you're not going to tell him to pull out and you don't know him enough and you don't want to have a child with him. Why are you letting him come in you? Maybe you're not allowed to make choices anymore. If a man kept making poor choices, imagine you're a man and you keep putting your finger in a plug socket, get electrocuted. Someone will eventually come along and say I'm sorry, you're getting locked up. You're not allowed to make your own choices anymore because you're a dumbass. If you're a chick, spread in your legs for dudes you don't even know, taking fucking loads of semen and getting endlessly pregnant and then murdering children on repeat. Why the fuck are you even allowed a choice? Why are you allowed to vote? Who are these people? Who the fuck are these people? I know I'm not supposed to say this, I have to clean up my act. Blah blah. But let's cut to the fucking bottom line.  Choice about my body, I want more abortions. You shouldn't be allowed to vote. Who the fuck are you? They not like us. I recognize the actress. I don't know where the fuck she's from. I've seen her in some shit. They scripted this whole fucking thing. It's so scripted and gay. Madam VP, abortion. Bro, shut the fuck up. I couldn't live. I don't, I couldn't have lived through four more years at this crap. Four more years of this shit. Unbelievable. The whole fucking girl boss. She put on her little pantsuit like she's, you know, with her sneakers because she's cool at the same time. I was talking to someone who was gonna vote for Kamala. And she said, people don't like her because people are misogynist. Well, that really.  Interesting interesting theory you've got there the people are misogynistic I Said But I'm gonna agree with you People are misogynistic. You know who are do you know who's definitely misogynistic world leaders Putin's a misogynist geez a misogynist leader of Saudi Ben Salman's a misogynist All the important countries are misogynistic so that when you're saying people are misogynistic I'm gonna agree with you and say she's not qualified because I was gonna listen to her So you're right people are misogynistic and nobody wants a fucking silly bitch in a pantsuit trying to talk to them You're gonna sit down in front of Putin the man's fucking killed people and you're gonna sit there actually actually the fuck You're not qualified to be a fucking leader then yeah, cuz we're all too misogynistic. I agree no more women leaders fixed Done men are in charge I want to say men I don't mean democratic men cuz they're their girls too this was  whole girl versus men fucking election. David Hogs probably had more abortions than most chicks. Took him more semen up as ass. The most chicks are taking a whole of the fuck. Bro I'm gonna go jail. Shit. You're not, it's like you're not. I always get a female judge and they play my videos that I'm standing there. Yeah, the David Hogs are faggot. So he's got abortions too. Now he's in charge of the Democrats fucking Mr. Skinny Arms twiglet. Fuck it now. Madam VB. How much should she get?  pay for that $11,000 probably. She can't find any fucking work. She's low on money. Black entertainment networks. The figures are low. No one's watching her crap. Sorry, Trump won. Sing a sad song, Taylor Swift. Were you crying about it? I saw a video of Taylor Swift crying about something about fucking abortion and patriarchy. Newsflash, patriarchy, built the world. Newsflash, patriarchy put us on the fucking moon. Patriarchy built the roads you drive on, built the buildings that you live in, built the mobile phone you use, built the computers you use, patriarchy built everything. Patriarchy built the entire fucking modern world because patriarchy never built anything. Patriarchy wasn't even successful enough to have a recorded history. Any single civilization of history that attempted a patriarchy, we cannot name. If you look at history, every single civilization with patriarchal.  All of them had men in charge. Why? Because the ones that attempted matriarchy got destroyed so quickly that it didn't even manage to write a fucking book for us to find. Meaning it is ineffective and uncompetitive. So the matriarchies always lose to the brutal efficiency and capabilities of patriarchy. News flash. Men are supposed to be in charge. News flash. Get a sing a sad song. Fill up a fucking stadium. Get your flat ass up there. Shake it for the fucking patriarchy. Because I guarantee the people who own your record label are dudes. The pay off Taylor.  You know, I don't like to torture myself. I'm not suicidal, but I'm gonna watch it again. I'm VP here, I'm worried about the election. Women's reproductive rights are on the line. Our Supreme Court is on the line. Our basic freedoms are being tested, madam VP. I know you've been traveling across the country. What are you hearing? Yeah, girl, I'm out here in these streets. And let me tell you, you're right to my hands. You're out there in the streets, alright? There's so much is stake in this moment. So you go up to the fucking top, the streets. In freedom and equality. But these extremists, as they say, they not like us. No, they not. There's a full-on attack on our fundamental freedoms. The freedom to vote. Yep. The freedom to love who you love. I'm out there in them streets. Jesus fucking Christ.  Guys, we came so close. I don't know why I would have done if she won. I'd probably, they would have locked me up in jail anyway. I'm probably gonna go jail, probably, who cares? My hairs don't get it. They're like, he's gonna go jail! They think I don't wanna go. It's like, I don't care. But my hairs are such cowards that the idea of going to jail is devastating to them because they're pussy's. They don't understand that, Tristan and I keep talking about how fun jail's gonna be. We don't care, we've been, it was fine. We'll go again. Give a shit. Like I won't be sitting in jail with a fucking fast cigar. Sitting around making fun of chicks with the guys. What we're doing the same shit I do right now? We'll make a fucking blind bit of difference.  That clip is giving me AIDS. I can't play it again because I'm afraid that that clip is actually giving me AIDS. I'm getting real AIDS from that AIDS. I mean it guys. I'm serious. If I play it again, we're on the fucking danger zone. And AIDS from that shit. Fucking imagine I'm your president. Why is the border fucked? Why is the economy fucked? Why is inflation fucked? Why is the infrastructure fucked? Why are the wars everywhere? Why are we giving you crane all our money? Everything's fucked. Kamala, do you have an answer? Do something.  Come on, how are you gonna fix this country? And the fucking MSM will be too busy licking her clit to keep her fucking accountable for anything. The tube is a fucking mansion on that street push. Can't wait to be in Romanian court in the judge be like, what do you mean by street push? She said she's from the fucking streets doesn't fucking she said fuck I'm repeating it. What noise  This is the pant suits, because she has to try and look semi-official, right? So she puts on a pant suit, but she doesn't want to look like she's actually competent in any way, because she knows she's not. So she puts on a shit pant suit, and then she puts on some sneakers. The fuck is this? We're gonna watch this ten times. Guys, we're gonna go through this ten times, we're gonna do it ten times, ready? That's one. I can't, I can't do it. I'm sorry. 87 World Title fights, Romanian Dungeons, you name it, I've been through a lot, but I can't watch that shit ten times in a row. That was my-  President, bro, I would be so fucking pissed. It would be the end of the world. It would literally be the end of the fucking world Come on, la World War Three is about to start And all her dick at fans would be like she's doing a good job. Good job. Well, what does she even do? You said Joe Biden was great Guys, don't forget the sign up. They said Joe Biden was smart. He stands up there fucking scene aisle They all say scene aisle instantly in lockstep and then change and say Kamala's fantastic before that no even fucking set her name Jesus Christ clown world And the best thing the reason the vibe has shifted gentlemen The reason the world is better now than it was before is we've all just stopped listening to girls I've already been the guy. I've never listened to girls That's why my life's great  You guys listen to girls. I've never listened to girls girls try and make me listen to them all the time. That's what they do You know you're a bit older. Do you need you? Why do you get married? Be serious If I listened to fucking women like you I wouldn't be where I am So why the fuck am I gonna get to the top and now listen to you? I'm gonna another fucking dumb I Have always ignored women. I don't I'd like my dad. I don't trust them to tell me what the fucking if it's raining But the world was listening to girls we'd say let's do this to fix everything and then some fucking woman would have an opinion and we go Ah the woman has an opinion. Oh, I guess we better not do it and then everything was fucked now No, we've all just stopped listening to girls now when girls do what girls do We don't care and the world's better The world's as easily better if you ignore them. I'll give you proof of this if Kamala had won  Everybody would give a shit about the deportations. But now we're just deporting everyone. Man, woman, child, dog, mother fucking cat. If you eat in a taco in the last three weeks, you're going out. See you again, the bus. Selena Gomez had a little breakdown. If the girls were still in charge, we'd all be like, this is a humanitarian crisis. But now Selena Gomez cries and we just make fun of her. The tacos. Sorry. The nachos. Only three. Three. It's not. It's children. The ranch, three. It's also. It's still. It's not even. It's so sorry. It's not even. It's so sorry. I don't know if it's going to happen. It's not even Mexico. It's not America anymore. It's not America anymore. It's not America anymore.  What the fuck up look the fuck are you you didn't get to pour it yet? So what the fuck you crying for? If the girls were still in charge we'd be listening to this shit. She didn't even give a cross she didn't even give an argument. She didn't even say excuse me I think deportation is wrong because no because women can't do that. They just resort to emotions. Remember this is why I don't listen to women. Women say Andrew can you please stop cheating? I'm like why? Because because because give me a reason why you can't. I'm immune to your tears my dear when you've lived a life as hard as I have and you've been through enough pain. You're an ovary sympathetic.  Like you're crying over nothing. I was in a position a million times worse and didn't cry. So just fucking snap out of it She's trying to manipulate you she has no argument for why illegals should be allowed to stay So she thinks if I make a story and cry maybe we'll just You should have at least wore makeup Sorry Because you know dudes listen to hoys Famous if you're still coming out here like a fucking crying five If you're a ten I tell you what to do get the fuck off Instagram I tell you what to do put your phone away And fuck off you see you don't know what to do. I'll tell you what to do put your phone away and get the fuck out of here  So fucking disingenuous about this whole thing, her crying. Let's imagine it's not fake, which it is. This is what must have happened. She's sitting in her mansion in her privileged life. And all of a sudden she's overcome with this wave of sympathy for the criminals. And she starts to cry. Duck oops. And then in the pit of despair, she has to find her phone. Her face ideate working because she has gremlin face. So she has to stop crying to unlock it. And once it's unlocked, she gets the camera out. Set...  it up. What the fuck is this? What the fuck are you doing? Or is it more like, please, you thought, I need views. I want to look compassionate, puts the camera down perfectly fine, clicks go, get some war or splash on her face and starts faking. These people can't be in charge of us men anymore. Listen, let me tell you a secret about women. The day you need a woman, the day you're feeling pain because men have hard lives.  And the day something bad has happened to you and you go to a woman and you say, I feel terrible and I'm struggling. I've got anxiety and I'm stressed. Do you know what she'll do? She'll stand there straight face. She won't cry. She'll just be like, oh well, yeah, um, you'll be okay. She won't show an ounce of empathy or an ounce of emotion because she doesn't give a fuck. Women only care about themselves. Women are selfish. They don't care about anything about themselves. That's why they can't lead. That's why they can't run a country because women are self-absorbed. So if they're not going to cry for your struggle and you know them, when they're crying for people they don't know, pull it rest assured. It is not genuine. It is simply manipulation. When a woman cries, it is only ever manipulation. They cry to try and affect you. When you're talking to a woman and she starts crying, just know she is trying to fool you. She is trying to trick you. She's trying to hide her intention. She's trying to play innocent.  She's trying, it's all a lie. If something actually is worth crying over, she doesn't give a fuck about you, ever. But she'll cry about some fucking dirty Mexican she doesn't know. But if you were going to Selena Gomez as her friend and say I'm suicidal, she'd be like, why you messaging me for? I'm suicidal, can I have 20 bucks? I'm not giving you money. And she'd let you kill yourself, but she'll cry over fucking Pedro. She'd never even fucking met. Bullshit. Absolute bullshit. See, there's any more AIDS videos. What's this, AIDS?  I don't know what that is or why it's even applicable, but it's AIDS. It's AIDS. It's AIDS. Guys, I've already fixed the culture and turned the whole world right wing. Me personally by myself. I did it. I turned the youth cool again. Me, Andrew Tate alone, me. But we have to fully break the matrix. So what I'm going to do when I escape this shit is I'm going to copy matrix shows and remake them. So instead of like real housewives of fucking LA or whatever, it's going to be real tape rows of fucking wherever we are to buy real tape rows in Miami. And I'm going to make and fund it all myself into a proper reality show like how the real genes live. That's my plan to go direct head to head war with them. Oh fucking Mr. AIDS. Wait, we got another video. We got Mr. AIDS himself.  This is the lamest attempt to sound strong or intimidating or brave ever. Listen to this dude. Listen to this. Are you ready to go on the offense? Are you ready to go on the offense? We have to win back our young people. I am the only candidate in this race for any of these positions that is under 30. We had a 20 point shift to the right of our young people. We must show our young people. We give a damn about them, that we support them, and we invest in them. I have raised over $11 million in the past year to support the future of our party. Because I don't just tweet, I don't just talk to talk. I also walk the walk and I knock the knock indoors across the country. But I'm counting on you in this moment right now. I need your support. Please vote for me. Thank you so much. You know, everything goes full circle.  There's no light without dark. And this is a universal constant that I talk about quite often. That nothing good happens without a negative element and nothing negative happens without a good element. And there's something terribly negative, which is bullying, which is negative. I'm not for bullying. Bullying is bad. But there was a positive and the positive is when the school bully still had free reign, little dipshits like him didn't talk very much because they ended up in a fucking locker. He'd be walking around saying, we, yeah, girl, power, girl, power. And some dude would just come to me and say, you're a fucking dork and just shove him into a locker. But now the bully's gone, which is great. But the negative is this fucking loser is running around pretending what he says matters. Why are you gay?  If I ever meet him and we have a debate, which I don't do debates anymore, if you have a notice, I don't really want to debate any of these people. Cause we've won now, so I don't want him to platform them, we've won. And the DMC chair. Why are you gay? Do I call you Mr? Do you perform the natural obligations? What the fuck is this? What the fuck is this? What the fuck is this? Anyway, the matter back in charge. No girl boss crap. None of that shit. We're back. Now we're going to scroll my Twitter and laugh at my funny tweets. Cause I'm funny. Guys, if you ever ever feeling down, you're going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, Guys, if you ever, if you're ever feeling down, here's a depression hack. Cause I work hard.  for all you people at home. I'm a hard worker. If you're ever feeling down, just go to Twitter. My keyboard's not working, but sabotaged. If you're ever feeling down, guys, just go to Twitter. Wait. And look at my reply section. Because my reply section is fucking hilarious, because I am funny. Guys, I don't wanna blow my own trumpet or anything, but I am fucking hilarious. I'm the coolest account on Twitter. I'm fucking funny. So if you're ever bored, just go to Androtates Profile and click replies. You should put your notifications on. You never miss one.  but purr applies. I just did one today about how Mexico and Canada are side-hose. Here's your watches, great. It's great. Some of my finest work. You know, I'll wake up in the morning. I have a cigar for breakfast. I just fucking destroy Trado and the fucking only Jew in Mexico. I just wreck them. But we're gonna go replies here. What else we got here? This is a five alarm fire. The people elected Donald Trump to be president, not Elon Musk. We have an unelected billionaire with his own foreign debts and motives. Bitch, you didn't give a fuck when the liberal billionaires were involved. Do you know why AOC is so against Trump's wall? It's because she has PTSD from hitting it. She has PTSD from hitting the fucking wall. You used to be a kind of cute. You're a stupid cute 7. Now you're an old dumb five. Shut up. AOC is...  Scared of Elon seeing how she's been stealing money ever since we started deporting Mexicans who commit crime Get the fuck out of here Deported Orla Jolson we don't want to be Americans. I had to a green landic accent. I don't know how they fucking sound. I don't know what I think fucking Eskimos We don't want to be Americans. No is no Nobody asked you Eskimos can't fight We're gonna get on your fucking dog sleds with your spears You have invented shit from the fucking Stone Age we have predator drones Well fuck with us Be glad we want your shit all shut up Mexican president Jew asked Google not to rename Gulf of Mexico to Gulf America. Sorry, Hombre. It's too late Matt Walsh blows my mind when I hear a parent who says they had no choice but to put their seven-year-old on psychiatric drugs  But yeah, kick his ass. You know what, this is an unpopular opinion. I have a few. Everyone says you shouldn't hit your kids. There is a line in the world where if you cross that line, violence appears. The real world is you can get away with so much, but if you cross a line, violence appears. If you talk back to the police for too long, violence appears. If you get in a man's face and run your mouth, violence appears. The real world has a line and violence behind it and it's the same with children. I tell my kids to obey and they do, but they do because they know if they cross the line, there's violence. So I don't have to be violent ever because they know I will be. The fact that I will be means I don't have to be. My dad was very fair to me. He said, son, I'm gonna beat your ass. Stop. Then I have a choice to make. I either stop or I fight. I can make the choice. I'm a fucking, I'm a sentient being. There's nothing wrong with it.  Give him a fair warning. Don't go over the top. My son, am I boy, you wanna fight? No dad, didn't think so. So shut the fuck up and sit the fuck down. You wanna fight, let's fight. I'm playing games. Seven year old on drugs for ADHD. He doesn't like ADHD, he has a lack of fucking discipline. How you gonna discipline someone where there's no line to cross? If police officers could never get violent with you no matter what you did, how could they even enforce the law? Ever. You just keep saying no, fuck off. There's a line. Now people are gonna sit and go, oh you're being kids is wrong. But there are normal people who raise normal shit kids. I'm the most famous man on the planet. I got my ass kicked when I ran my mouth. My sons will be the best kids on the planet. They'll get their asses kicked when they run their mouth. I'm playing fucking games. ADHD. ADHD is not real. Not real. Not.  real. Dump his ass in Africa, let him dehydrate to the point of death and then put him in front of a fucking book and say, if you read this whole book, you can have some water. Would he read it or would his ADHD prevent him from concentrating? To me, it sounds like incentives. He needs a strong incentive. And if you're not going to dehydrate him, another strong incentive is, dad will kick your ass. They're an incentive right there. I'm your father and I'll whoop your ass son. Read that fucking book. You want to put a kid in front of an iPad playing games all day, Perma entertained with this crack addict dopamine mini transaction candy crush, dildo, that take him off of that and put him in front of a boring book. And when he doesn't focus, you want to blame a disease instead of the fact he's simply bored and not scared of you. Why is an ADHD in China?  Because the parents in China know Kung Fu. That's why. Croca shit. Absolute croca shit, Matt Walsh. Kick your kids asses if they fucking run their mouth. You can make fun of my parenting, but how come I'm more successful than you? And you can make fun of how I raise my kids, but they'll be more successful than yours. And my kids know, dad gets mad and dad will hit me. So I shut up and I behave. Yes sir, no fucking sir. We were all raised getting our asses kicked. Where, where did this become wrong? Every single kid raised in the eighties got their ass kicked. No? Now it's become the worst thing in the world. You're gonna damage to their mentality. You're gonna take away their originality. I don't want the originality. I don't want the originality. I don't want the fucking dinner. I don't need the originality. He's fucking five. Originality to waste. Fucking five. All these fucking conservative dorks.  I don't hate your kids. Let me tell you something. If you fuck with me too tough, I'll hit you. I don't give a shit if you're a kid. I don't give a shit if you're a man. I don't give a shit if you're a woman. It doesn't matter what you are. There is a line. Don't hit women. One of the women comes up to me and fucking throws a petrol bomb on my girlfriend. Whatever random shit comes up to me and tries to light my girl who I love on fire. What am I gonna do, stand there? Sorry babe, I don't hit women. I just let her burn to death and a fireball. Sorry babe. Ah! Ah! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just don't wanna hit women. How fucking gay is that? If a random girl comes up and goes anywhere near my girl, I'll beat the shit out of a bitch. Straight away. If a random girl comes up and hits my girl, I will fuck that girl up. Don't touch my property. You can't touch my car.  Are my lawn or my bitch? Come near my shit. Line playing games. So yeah, I hit a woman. Yeah, play that in court. Yeah, man, the lines are different. Sure, there's different lines, but everyone's got a line. Men have the shortest line. Men get hit first. Women get a bit more tolerance. Children get a bit more tolerance. Bro, a cow's got a fucking line. There ain't nothing without a line. If a cow comes up to me, he's fucking me too tough. I'll pick up a stick and fuck up a cow. Do you think I'm gonna fight a fucking cow? When I see these kangaroos on Instagram, trying to like put their hands up, do you think I'm gonna bust up a kangaroo? Hold that jab, nigger. Hold that jab. Did your mother fucking do, pussy? There is a line for everything in this universe, including kids. They're gonna have a fucking child. I'm gonna be negotiating with my own kid.  seven-year-old please do your homework no dad I want to play video games I asked you to do your homework no dad I'm playing video games go away well if you don't do your homework buster out your note deserve for you bra there's a line if you're watching this if you're my girl watching this if you're someone I don't know watching this if you're a mother fucking cow there's a line there's a line don't cross it so Matt Wall is just too scared to say the kids either ass is kicked because they fucking do  First month of the year is done. You'll never get this time back ever. What have you accomplished? Because you could have already made thousands of extra dollars. This is true. I made this video December 31st. A whole month is gone. You're probably still fucking broke. Getting the real world now before it's too late. Get in the real world before it's too late. Fuentes, women can't drive. Well, you know, Nick is a, I like Nick. Good guy, visionary. But, you know, I think I'm the women can't drive the king. Women lack situational awareness. That's how they ended up in Romania, human traffic. I'm so funny. I'm so fucking funny and cool. Democrats think we care about the prices going up from tariffs. We voted for Trump to deport 10 million illegal and destroy the system rigged against us. You think we give it down about cigarette prices in Canada? It's true. As for Mexico.  I don't listen to women Mexicans or Jews. So I definitely ain't listening to that bitch. She's all three. I don't listen to women Mexicans or Jews and you're all three. Who's this hoe? Yana. Fucking women are so smart on the internet. We haven't always done something to fucking say. Date sweet men, men who are calm, men who can articulate themselves, men who are soft spoken, men who are patient with you, men who respect both you and themselves, men who are kind to you, men who are gentle, men who have self control. Women always talk smart and grown up when they're on the internet, then they end up getting raw dogged in the back of a car by a drug dealer. Date women who shut the fuck up, date women are do's are told, date women aren't fat, date virgins. How about I make a list? How about that? How about the fact? That another man's come inside of you makes me fucking revolted. I don't give a shit if it was  before I even met you, it makes me feel sick. How about that? Can I write that down on my list? Stupid bitch. I need a man who's patient with me. Are you already patient with you and you're a little attitude mood swings? Cool, I'm gonna sit down, patient with you. What's your problem? Well, you know, you haven't been giving me much attention and you talk to your friends, but you don't talk to me. My friends are funny and you are boring. Then why you with me then? For sex. Is that all you want? What else you got? Sell me something. If you got something else, what you been holding out on all this time? Why didn't know you had anything else to give? Go on then, you gonna pay my bills? Cause I've been paying yours. You're gonna protect me. Cause I've been protecting you. You're gonna teach me something. Cause I've been teaching you. You're gonna surprise me. I've been surprising you. You're gonna send me fucking flowers. You're gonna buy me a fucking gift. You're gonna put me in a house that you pay for. Just complain about that.  me first pit in your Lambo? Oh, you don't have anything else to give me. Shut the fuck up, Yana. Yana. Fucking bum booklet. Look at the fucking arms on this guy. What the fuck is this? Niggin needs a snack. So I wrote, Niggin needs a snack. He must have AIDS. I'm not like a fun of people with AIDS. He just has, he must have AIDS. It's some wrong with that guy. He's AIDS, no? You can't have that little muscle mass. He must have AIDS. Jesus Christ. This dude. Can we get a GM? The reason this is so gay, he didn't say can I get a GM? If he said can I get a GM, you could ignore the fact his woman.  in the picture. Can I get a GM? But what he's actually trying to do, guys, I'm a master. I am a master of human psychology. That's why I'm famous. I'm a master of it. This guy said we, because he's trying to prove to the world that he has a girlfriend. And that's the kind of shit that men who don't get girls do. Look, I got a girlfriend. Look, I got a girlfriend. Look, we're going for a walk on the beach. Look, look, I spend my time with my girl and I enjoy it. I'm not gay. Spending time with women is a unfortunate side effect of fucking them because only gays like hanging around with chicks who roam around with chicks in high school. Gays. Can we get a GM? We couple us. You're a fucking faggot. You're trying to tell everyone you have a girlfriend and you invite it every man the internet to say good morning to your girl. You don't let me say good morning to your girl because I'll take her.  I will take your bitch. I will come up to you on the beach and say hello. Hey, I think I think I've seen you on Twitter. What? What? What? And what's your name? Sandra, Sandra, where are you with this fucking dickhead for? And there, there you go. That's it. I put it down now. Now you got a binary decision. You either fight me on the spot or she thinks you're a pussy forever. What did you say? I said you're a fucking dickhead. You want to fight and get knocked out in front of your fucking bitch? No. Let's go, Sandra. Let's go. Sandra's like, you're so mean, sir. So I walk it off. Glances back. That's it. She's mine now. She's mine now. She's mine now. You want me to say good morning. That's what you fucking get. You think making some money with Salana turns you into a man because you call a fucking meme?  I'm a coin pump. I'm a Salonipur, I'm not gonna afford a Rolex. I'm a real man now. I'll grab you while you're fucking neck. Keep your girl off the internet dickhead. Ha, ha, ha, ha. What the fuck is this guy? Ooks G. Full time web 3D gen. I don't know why I'm dunkin' on them. I don't know. I mean, you might be all right. He just did some faggot shit. And what was I saying earlier about the bully? The bully keeps everyone in line, right? I'm bullying this guy so he knows better. I'm teaching you a lesson, sir. Don't be mad. If you're mad, you can take some of that Salona and buy a ticket to Bookerrest. I'm not goin' anywhere. You know where my house is and I'll beat the fuck out. You can come fight me, no problem. You're not gonna fight me, just shut the fuck up and keep your girl off the internet. Can we get a GM? Well, before you go to the fucking matcha lattes in a pegging session,  Faggot. As generally not very patriotic, pretty pro-US-communadian, absolutely fucked Donald Trump and the United States he represents. Our two countries had the most successful international partnership in the history of the world. You wanna fuck with us, come find out. Find out what you little pussy. Find out what? Neil Har, look at his guy. This is the guy saying come find out. Fuck it, L. Fuckin' find out what? The fuck you gonna do, nothing. And if you call a successful international partnership, America paying for your whole country and you giving us fuck all back, it's like a girl. That's why you can tell he's a little bitch because girls do that. We were a good team. Oh, we were a good team. We were a team when I paid your bills, bought you a car, took you on private jets, took you around,  on the world, spoiled you, fixed your problems, put up with you, dealt with your mood swings. We were a team when I did all of that and in return you put on makeup and got dick. That's it. And you call us a fucking team. That's me giving everything to you and you giving the only thing back you got and ain't worth what you're getting fucking paid. America's been given Canada billions of fucking dollars and in return we get nothing but fentanyl and fucking maple syrup and you call that a good team. Then you want to threaten the big G when he tells you to fucking take your deal and shove it. Neal. Get the fuck out of here Neal. Get the fuck out of here. My house is old good come to my fucking house Neal. You and Oaks G can share the same fucking flight. Oaks G, Web 3D Jan. Probably share the same fucking girl anyway. Parafagots.  Look at this with Tarded R. Retard looks with Tarded 11K likes. How cute. Retard. Brazilian beach summers is what living is for. Sixes with a ball who cares? Who cares? That's the fucking six is kicking a ball. This is what life's all about. Going down to fucking Brazilian. Brazil's just Mexico anyway. Anywhere below Mexico is just one big Mexico to me. It's Mexico. If you saw Brazilian breaking into your car and you called the cops, someone's breaking into my car. They're like, okay, sir, what does he look like? Mexican. You wouldn't say he looks Brazilian. You say he looks Mexican. It's all Mexicans. This dick shit. In fact, I actually quite like Concerns' it. And he's quite good account. I don't know why he posted this gay shit. That living is all about going down.  to Brazil and watching some sixes kick a ball around. Is this what your life is about? This is the goal of your life. Not the lamentation of your enemies, not endless finance, not conquering the world, not becoming important, not becoming strong, not making the history books, no, sitting around purging on sixes, kicking a fucking ball. Who cares? Who the fuck cares about this? This is shit. If I was standing right there, I would be like, why am I, this is shit. Rather smoke cigar, make fun of chicks, or an emergency meeting. This is gay. Sixes with a ball. Who gives a shit? Bryce said sorry, heartbreaking. I don't think there's a lot of Americans wake up in the morning and saying, oh damn, Canada, we should go after Canada. Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do. We don't, you know what, you Canadians, you know, just fuck off. Just fuck off with your fucking, just get the fuck out of here. Go back to fucking, fuck off.  Fuck you. This guy's a dickhead, wizard to neighbors. What does it even mean? You know, there's always some fucking dumb guy. I don't want to be racist. I don't want to say they're all black. But you know, there's always some guy who like, isn't original at all. I don't want to say they're all black, but all the blacks anyway. They're not original and they have nothing that stands out about them. So to become original, they either dress really crazy. I just saw a picture of Jaden Smith. He had a castle on his head. See if you can find it. They either dress really crazy or they come up with a really weird nickname. You'll meet the most unimpressive normal black guy. I'm like, what's your name? They call me the wizard dog. Do you know magic? Nah, bro, you know, when I grew up in M Street's, bro, dog, you know. I don't know what the fuck you talk about.  Why do they call you the wizard? What can you do? You even got a wizard's hat Yo, I left out home dog, but you know I might start wearing it bro. Yo The fuck weird why'd you come up with this shit name? They always come up with these shit names black people Unimpressive black people have some weird name. It's like a originality thing And I've got this guy Ward to neighbors And if you asked him why he'd be like no, I got a good reason dog you see when I was throwing up My name was Edward. They called me ward and I didn't like my neighbors. So after I robbed them, yo I was like ward to the neighbors Get fucking job. Good job Get off crack get off social security get a fucking job this dickhead Is he pulled the reverse pierra waved off the ref and got sparked lol. Well LMFAO  That's what he said. Let me show you Ward to neighbors here. Making fun of fucking Israel out of Sonia, one of the best fighters in history. LMFAO, he got knocked out. Yeah, he went into cage, was brave, and he lost. Have you been in the cage? Have you ever been brave in your life, Ward? I hate when people don't have the balls to step into cage type things like LMFAO, laughing at the warrior to feel better about being a coward. Easy as a legend is braver than 99.9% of men alive. Masculine men show respect to those braver than them. Hating is feminine. This is so true. If you're a man and you see another man in the cage doing something you've never done, you're inspired to go and do it. If you're a little hating feminine bitch and you see someone in the cage, you make fun of them. Because you don't want the world to know that you're a coward. So you try and make fun and drag that person down as opposed to accept he's your superior. Easy is your superior, Ward. Easy is better than you at fighting. He's more famous than you. He's richer than you. He's even fucking...  He's better than you and everything. So for you, the only thing you could do is show him respect. And you wanna sit there as someone who's never been in the cage ever, ever, and make fun of someone who's fighting the highest possible echelon. That's because you're a feminine little bitch. That's female talk. That's what girls do. Women, mean girl crap. Yeah, but look at her dress. When the girls prettier than them. So I didn't like this comment from fucking ward. Dickhead. Shouldn't it never mock a fighter unless you're a brown, unless you're a one who knocked them out. If you didn't do it, you're fucking self-y, but shut up because easy would fuck you up. No, the female pilot who crashed. Of course, she fucking crashed, of course. And I'm all out to mention it because I'm a misogynist. Women just crash helicopters, but you can't say anything about it because then you get called names. Call her a name. A woman crashed the fucking plane, women can't fly. You're a misogynist.  She's a fucking helicopter crasher. I'd rather be a misogynist than a helicopter crasher. We're gonna start throwing names around. She's a fucking helicopter crasher and she was warned twice. She was told she was about to collide twice and just ignored the warning. See? No line. If the air traffic controller said, I'll beat the fuck out of you bitch. Stop. Maybe she would have fucking saved everyone's life. Instead, she was like, she was like, heh, girl boss, Kamala. This air traffic controller ate touching me. Crash. AE people dead. Just stop all women flying helicopters. Just stop. Sorry, no. Denied. Here, here's Jaden Smith. His name is not original enough, I guess, to do the I'm original black guy thing. So instead, he does the fucking, he dresses like a retard.  Here is at some event with a castle on his head Explain this to me Explain there's a cast why do you have a castle in your head, Jaden? You know People are just living inside the box and they're living inside the castles in their mind because they're building these walls And I just want to show everyone that like inside of their brain. They have these walls that they put up themselves and are artificially that a urefagot You're a fucking fagot No, because we're building walls around our mind and no one can think outside the box and then you're a fucking fagot Jaden Take the castle off your fucking head if your dad wasn't so busy simping he beat the shit at you Someone needs to beat the shit at you and your dad's too busy Jason pussy doesn't want him The worst thing about me insulting all the same as people's I'm gonna meet them all What I'm free I'll be the same event is them and they'll be looking  He made fun of me on an emergency meeting and I'll be looking them back like yeah Nigger I did Don't give a fuck So gentlemen, I have one sponsor for some reason people think my show is too risky to sponsor I think it's too controversial I have one sponsor of course I have the Hustle University. I have my own products. You all know about that by now But I have one sponsor is only one company that's brave enough to sponsor me 1775 coffee So please go buy some 1775 coffee because they're gangsters and they deserve it They stick up for me so go buy some 1775 coffee they're the only people who are not afraid to sponsor my elaborate rhetoric Let's call it that So what do we learn thank god come on. Let's not president Thank God No, listen  These are chicks anymore. Jamesmith's weird. My Twitter replies is hilarious. We learned some important things on this show. Get some 70-75 coffee guys. Oh David Hogg has AIDS, we learned that. Don't forget David Hogg has AIDS. It's like one more banging tweet reply before we go. One last one. Let's find a good one. It's trying to look tough but he just looks gay. Trudeau does this also. They probably fuck. Oh, I'm so funny. Oh guys, if you haven't watched my review of my Porsche GT3RS, it's actually quite good. I'm going to start doing a car review for every single car. Because the guys can't afford them.  of drive so you should watch that some rumble. Ah, another thing gentlemen, here's my photon link. Sign up by the photon link. Don't become a gambling degenerate. Just do one trade to verify your account. Something's going to happen. This is your final warning before it happens. Sign up by my photon link. Do a single trade. You can trade on it forever if you want, but you can't sign up and not do a trade. Ah, this is a good one. Find the picture of that ice poster of that woman. The pretty one. Here, guys, everyone knows I'm ahead of the game. Everyone knows that my brand is built on being ahead. I say things before they come true. That's what I do. I have excellent world class, deduction and reasoning. On the mid-perse pacacity, my ability to see things and then I put them together in my mind and accurately predict the future and I said something which...  turned out to be absolutely true. And this was to tweet, I tweeted almost a year ago. Man, learn the habit of instant scrolling past any hot girl you see. Don't look, don't stare, don't like her picture, don't message her, do not engage. Ignore, blink and make your mind immune instantly. AI is coming and nobody even knows what's real anymore. The only thing worst in women leading you by the dick is machines leading you by the dick. Kill all lost quickly. The only thing worse than you guys simping over women on Instagram is you simping over fucking AI pictures on Instagram and you're already doing it and you don't know. These bitches have filters, they don't look like they're supposed to look like, they don't look like that in real life. They're already half cyborg, cybernetic organisms. And now you're all falling for the AI sireups. This ice poster of this hot girl, I argue, is a AI sireup. I think it was an AI sireup to be like, look, we're deporting hauts.  Let's see if I can find it. I don't know if you guys seen this poster, but everyone's like, tweet now, wait a second, maybe we should reconsider. Ha, ha, ha, ha, because she got to pour it. Here's my argument. I think she's made up. I think it's AI. I don't think it's real. In fact, using my fabulous, deductive reasoning, does two choices. Either she's real and I've never fucked her so I don't care about her or she's fake. And in either one of those scenarios, she can get the fuck out of America. I don't care. All those people tweet and maybe we should reconsider. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I think they're being cool, bros, are gay. I don't give a fuck if she's real. She never made a taco for me. Anna, Dusterio, friendquiz.  You should have made me a fucking burrito when you had the chance then you'd have top G here on the emergency meeting saying let her stay You know you'd have some Vocal representation You're lazy ass didn't cook me a single enchilada no nachos and now you're getting deported fuck off back to Mexico. I don't know you If she's real she's probably AI I'm beyond some sipping guys Every single hot girl on Instagram messages me every day. I am the prize of earth Getting top G to settle down with you makes you the ultimate female and females love cloud They're all chasing me. They're all doing anything it takes to try and get me They know if they can get me to settle down and make them publicly wifey and simple for them They get the most cloud on the planet. They're all desperate for cloud. They're all trying the impossible task And I just scroll past it. I don't care. I'm immune to it now. I'm immune to female beauty. It doesn't work  Your beauty doesn't work, your magic tricks don't work on me now. You have to come up with something else and you have nothing else because you are vapious. I don't care how you look, what else you got? Yeah, exactly nothing. Fucking nothing. You got anything else to offer? Women know this. You ever say to a woman, what does a man get when he's with you? Well, they get me. What the fuck's even me? You get me. Me, me, me. I think you're so special. You think the only fucking fake tits on the planet? Or fake tits and some fucking lipstick. Do you have any idea how easy that is to fucking find? These women are delusional. He gets me. What's so great about you? Tell me what's so great about you. I'm here to be convinced. I'm here. I'm on your side. Convince me. What's so good about you? Make me believe. You seem so calm.  made me believe. Okay, he gets you. You're the fucking prize. What you got? Pussy had that. Fake tits. Every girl's got him. What else you got? What else did you? Because you sound to me like an expensive headache. It's always something like to me because love is gone. Women are only with men for money now. Women won't pay in. There's none more of this I'm broke, but she likes me. No, women like money. That's all they have ever liked. They like you if you pay their bills. So you want to come along and give me stress, cost me money and you're offering what? Me? Sell the car, sell the Ferrari. Give me the features.  Guys, I am funny. One of my future plans is to do a stand up tour. I hope you guys buy tickets and come. It'll be great, I promise. Feminists will come and they'll like try and heckle me. You're bald! I shaved my head, of course I'm bald. If I tried to shave my head and still had hair, that would make me at female level in competence. It's not that fucking difficult. You silly bitch. Next. Yeah, you're not funny and you're a fucking fat. You're a fucking fat. Put this spotlight on the faii. You're a fat. He got me fat. You are. I regret nothing. Call the dudes don't or ugly. Had a fucking breakdown. Fucking ugliest kid I've ever seen. Ugliest kid, fucking dudes.  It's too easy, it's fucking ugly. I don't, it's not my dislike you or anything. It's just not fucking ugly kid. It could be the fucking process of fucking Zanzibar, who gives a shit, it's fucking ugly kid, bro. Anyway, come to my standup show because I'm now a comedian. That's my covering fire. I'm gonna say all the things I wanna say, but it's comedy, guys, I'm not racist, I'm a comedian. I'm not misogynistic. I'm a comedian. I didn't human trafficker. I was joking. It was a joke, your honor. It was a joke. I took her passport away as a joke. I'll give a discount to anyone who's inside of the real world and my standup tickets. When I do my standup tour of the USA, come see me in Miami in a stadium making fun of chicks. You know it'll be the best night of your life. Bring a girl.  Bring that girl your dating who's a little bit stuck up. You know that girl your dating, she's kind of cool, but she's a little bit stuck up and gets upset sometimes. She gets a little bit mad. Bring her to my comedy special, please. Woo. I promise it'll be funny. If you're inside the real world, I'm gonna announce tour dates as soon as I'm free inside of the tape channel. If you're not inside the real world, get inside of it soon. This has been a great time, guys. It's three in the morning. It's three in the morning. I'm just up late at night, smoke with the guards, make a fun of chicks. You know, I could be doing something else, but I have a great time with you guys. It's funny. You get me, you're my friends. You know, everyone here is laughing. We're all laughing. Ha ha, chicks are stupid. It's great. We should do this more often. We should do more often, it's funny. See you guys this out of the real world. Make sure you don't miss an emergency meeting. Chicks always give us something new to talk about. And remember,  I did a video about the real world only one month ago, one month has already gone. It's extremely important that you do not waste this year. One more thing I want to say actually about Donald Trump's presidency. It's amazing how much he's getting done, but I am pertinently aware that it's going to end, unfortunately. I feel the time ticking away and one day Trump won't be president anymore and things are going to get hard again. So you need to get rich now before it's too late. You need to get rich now before Trump stops being president and times get difficult. Now is the time to get rich. We've already wasted a month of Trump. This is the best years of your life. These are the prime years of your life. You're a good age. You're strong. You're healthy. Trump's president. Women are in charge. No girl boss. No woke. No trannies. Now you go get rich because when the trannies come back, if you're not at least rich, you're fucked. You're going to work and being forced to call a due to chick. You're going to get rich now. Now is the time.  Get rich, come to my comedy tour, I'll be free soon. Good times are coming. To remember the Miami aliens, that was an entire year ago. What did you achieve in 2024? Did your life completely change? Did you remove the shackles, the splitter in your mind, which is constantly bothering you, reminding you there's a better version of reality, reminding you that with hard work and grit and determination, you can evolve to a higher echelon of finance and capability. Has any of that been fixed or are you still carrying the burden? Are you still wearing it on your face? How unhappy you are and how much better you could be if you finally dedicated yourself to something? You know, you haven't all listened to me. You can listen to the people who previously took advantage of the heroes here inside of the real world, who previously had what it took to try and escape from the matrix. In the few years it started, my mentality to skyrocketed from there, I also generated around 25k. It's upwards of 25,000 years. It's over 30,000 dollars. I've made around 15 dollars. Today, the same life-changing program of...  again. However, sign-ups close on January 1st. We only have so much space, so much capability to help those who want to win. It is not my job to try and give into loser who want to be a winner. It's my job to find the people with a fire in their heart with a splinter in their mind, which are already grasping for every single opportunity because they understand time is running out. I look for the drowning men who are trying to swim, who are trading water, trying to find air. I've developed for the losers who have quit, who have given up already. 2025 can be the most important and evolutionary year of your life. If you make that decision, you know what's amazing what the mind can do? If you decide you're hot, you decide you're cold, you're cold, if you decide you're going to lose, you're going to lose, you decide you're going to win, you're going to win. And this year can be the year where you finally change everything you've wanted to change about your life. You decide if the real world that heroes here is a program that affords you and accountability matter. Custom lessons with dark talk to others are official intelligence all-mation. We make money with cryptocurrency. We have a world-class fitness program. We can change your entire life and romance closes on January 1st.  program, the heroes here, the programs for people who want to make 2020 buy something special. Our series about changing their life. Time is running out. You're already late. You're an entire year behind the people who tried last year. You're an entire year behind the aliens. In a year from now I'm going to ask you a very important question. How was 2025 spent? Did you spend it the same way you spent 2024 watching aliens on TV, wasting your time, wrong periods of activity in between the odds, spur of motivation, or did you dedicate yourself to something? Did you find these scramble and fight and resist the oncoming enslavement? If you want 2025 to be transformative, if you want a due to of your life, it'll look different than any year you've lived yet. We are waiting for everybody who's prepared to try, prepare to fight, and get a good look at some side of the real world.  So friends that's it. You have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video. And we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew. And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see video like this. I have nothing to do with it because you have this restriction on Andrew date. So if you want to see the video you have to see like this and that's the way, only way. So I hope you will still with me and you will wait for the next.  video and i promise i will come with the video regularly so that's it see you again goodbye