 People will constantly tell you to not talk in a way which is full of conviction. People do not like you to have the arrogant kind of evil. This is the worst thing ever. When we tell you the fact, the number one facet, the G-Minds-in, your life is never going to be worse. If you walk through the world believing you are the fucking man. You wake up and look in the mirror, I'm the fucking man. I am the man. There's no one on this planet who can do shit. I couldn't do if I put my mind to it. I don't give a fuck how good you are a piano. If I decide to play piano, I would be better than you up here. And I believe that. I don't just say these things, I fucking believe them. When you go through life believing you really really are the man. There are very few downsides. The downsides are everyone's been calling you an arrogant. Everyone's been calling you an arrogant. There's no calling you a ticket. I was gonna say he has a big ego. We're gonna lose a few loser things. Who cares? Well you are gonna gain as other people on the same path. We're gonna get other people to hang out. Well I'm the fucking man too. This guy's the man who's been working for some month. That's what's gonna happen. So the first new new glitching mind says you need to stop blinking. You are out of fucking-  Even if you're not the man yet, even before I was a little champion, I knew I was going to be the man. So I don't give a fuck. And I was happy to say that to anybody. When people call me arrogant, stupid and deluded, I just sit there and look at them and say, I fuck you. I'm going to be the first thing you just believe in a fucking man, you can achieve anything. And when I say that, I don't want to, I'm going to say that again. You have to believe you're the fucking man, and you have to believe you can achieve anything. I'm not saying you can achieve anything easily, I'm not saying it's not going to take a whole bunch of work. I'm not saying it's going to happen quickly. You have to believe you can achieve anything. Say something now. I don't go fucking to be an astronaut. I don't care about timing that. Everest, you didn't even enough time to train. I will get it done. I know that for a fact, I know who I am as a man. That's the first thing. The second thing is, you need to be perspicacious. You need to understand that in this world, there's a whole bunch of people doing amazing shit that you are not doing. And that needs to piss you off. Because it pisses you off. You become motivated all this time. I was the only one who was pissed off when that astronaut was next to me.  I was the only one who's pissed off when I saw the Ferrari by the way. Other people were not annoyed by it and they're not annoyed by it. They're not driven to be it. I understand they're not driven to be without person was. You need to be annoyed and I'm telling you, I'm telling you to be angry. Anger is a fantastic force. Like I said, the world tells you not to be arrogant, tells you not to be angry. It's two things it tells you to do. Don't be arrogant. Don't have any though. And you know, you don't have anger. You're a fucking man. You're a full grown man. There's perfectly fine view to be pissed off. There's perfectly fine view to look around at your life. Look at the glory of fucking, look at the house to you man. Look at the car you drive and get pissed off. Although you know what, I want a heart of bitch. I want a fucking nicer house and I want faster car. There's nothing wrong if you take that anger and you direct it in the correct direction. This is the reason I stop fighting now. People go, why do you stop fighting us? Because I fought and I went through hell to get everything I now have. I had nothing left. I had nothing. And I wanted the life I now have. Now I wake up in one of my three mansions. We won my seven superpowers. We won my 15 women. What do I need to...  fight for. People have different motivations for different things. Some fighters are there and you fight for other reasons. My motivation was I was pissed off at the world and now I'm not as angry as I used to be so I don't believe I'm as good as Fightler as I used to be. I'll still whoops mask. I'm not as good as I used to be. So I decided to retire earlier. But this is the second thing. The first thing into the man. The second thing you need to get angry about the situation and you don't own home you're in, get pissed off. You're very a Ferrari on your drive, get pissed off. If you don't have ten playboy bunny level beauties, get pissed off. And then what the fuck you need to sit there and realize, whoa, whoa, whoa, I have a few years of consciousness and even less than that I have a few short ears as a young man because age will damage you. I mean if you're a millionaire in your 60s not nearly as good as being a millionaire at my age. I became a millionaire 28. So you need to realize you've got a few short ears of young man. You're fucking wasting it. You need to sit there and go fuck, shit, get angry. He's getting angry  of course. These are the first two things you can do for a genius. Only person who gives a shit about your life truly is you. And if you don't give a shit then you're fucked. But point two, get angry and you're going to start giving a shit very soon. After you get angry you need to realize that nobody is going to give you the things you want. It doesn't matter Donald Trump it's president or not. You use Trump now but it doesn't make a difference. No politician is going to make you rich. No one else is going to come along and say, I'm going to go concentrate my effort on fixing your life. Nobody has to understand you're out here alone absolutely. When you understand your street things just start to see how a mindset comes together. Nobody's going to save you. Fuck, it's totally going to be pissed off of your current situation and you want to change it. Plus you believe you can do absolutely. This is how I thought 18 years ago because at a very young age where I had my prime resource of energy and power 18, 19 years old I understood those three tenants. I believe I can do anything.  I'm pissed off. I don't have the life I want. And nobody else is going to give it to me. These are three things you need to understand. If any one of these elements is missing, we'll never have the right mindset. The G-Mine set will never formulate any one of these elements is missing. All three are absolutely essential. And as soon as you get your act together, as soon as you start to panic and worry and be concerned, like your 24-25, you're not fucking rich yet. There's 24 and 25 euros out there who got a contract for fucking NBA with a parent, so they won the lottery and who knows what. There's 24 and 25 euros out there where multi-millionaires fucking the hot models. These Instagram girls with three million followers they're getting dicked by someone and it ain't you. And that needs to piss you off. You need to get concerned. You get worried. You shit. I'm not a time. You need to get some urgency in your life. Put these three things together as absolutely essential as the beginning of the G-Mine set. When you have these three things told them and done, I'll tell you what happens. It'll happen for me. So I became a sauerot.  which you see become a sauer. And what that means is I made a pact to him that my word was incredible. Strengthened all. And that if I said something, I meant it. If I would have gotten to my brothers, I'm doing a thousand press sets, or I'm not in twenty miles. I would do it because if I didn't do it, I'd feel like a dickhead. Because when you instill these mindsets, when your mindset changes, you start to be extremely accountable for yourself. My little one's coming to the same day. You're going to be extremely accountable. So when you realize that, your words when the few things you have on this planet, you say things you don't start sticking to. So they never come very easy to train. Because I'm going to train every day this week and track it two hours a day. So as you set it, it's basically done. If I say something, it's basically done. It's set in stone. If I say something, I'm going to do it. There's no way I'm going to say, I'm going to make say some words and speak them into existence in this on this planet. And then I'm going to be the kind of pussy of which, which is too hard. If I say I'm going to do 10,000 push ups, I'm going to do it. Because I'm the kind of person who sticks to the words he says. And this is another thing we've done, so let's do that again. Very, very specific.  what you're saying. If you can still your mindset correctly and you start to just say things, just start saying things. Then you hold yourself accountable. Say things you don't even think you want to do. Wake up and block to your friend or your mom or whoever and say, you know what? I'm going to do a thousand pushups today. Say it to people. Americans say no, you're not. So watch it. And then you have choice. Really going to succeed like a gene or going to be a little pussy. Quick, 310, this is hard. What kind of man are you? That's the decision you need to be. You know the kind of man I was. I'd say shit and I fucking stick to it. My brother said, you become a sailor. I used to train my brother. He'd say, let's do 500. So let's do 2000. You'd say, when you said it now, so we have to do it. It's like, exactly. I said it now. So now we have to do it. But it is no surrender. I have to do it. This is another basic of the G-MineSense number four. You got to start saying shit. And your word has to be iron. Unbreakable. I can never be depressed if I never slow down.  Speed is extremely important. Speed defies gravity. How does a plane fly through the air and defy gravity? Speed is moving too fast to fall. If you're always attacking life, if you're always doing things, if you're always making more money, if you're always traveling the world doing this, doing that new car here, there, new podcast, meeting James English, boom, boom, boom, you know, you're always doing things all the time unhappiness can't catch you, but I also know that Speed is a fantastic way to be happy all the time. I've always been forward. I'm always looking forward to something. I wake up every day excited. I'll go do this today. I'm going to this today. I'm going to this today. And I very much live my life in a frame of not I have to do this. It's very much I get to do this. We don't live in a real world. We are living in a reality where we're told stories and narratives are true. Where they try very hard to distract us with garbage. Re-anum. I have nothing against Re-anum. Like I don't know where. But when I see a concert and I  see hundreds of thousands of pions standing among the pions. What are the pions as to people who go to these concerts? Right. Pion means peasant. Stand, because that's his education and language. No, but they are peasants because they're acting in a peasant way. They're acting like peasants. Hundreds of thousands of people in a crowd looking up at somebody like their god. Jumping up and down for hours on end. You're a peasant. You're a peasant, and you're life shit, and you have no achievements, no money, you're depressed, but you're distracted. I am a feared competitor in anything I do. Anyone who's up against me at anything is gonna feel a degree of nervousness just because it's me. It doesn't matter what it is. If you say, look, you're gonna go learn how to play piano and you're gonna play against someone else who's never played piano and you're gonna learn and that guy's entertaining. You're gonna be like, off the fuck. Game play piano. But the program's gonna be like, ah, not tape. Good day, even though I had nobody at all to spit.  Because they just know me. They know my mindset. They know my determination. They know I'm stubborn. They know I don't quit They know I'm they know I'm gonna win. That's just who I am So I've constructed a mental model that allows me to be competent to always succeed And that's how I've come to the conclusions I've come to and I truly once again don't understand how people go to the world without With any other mental mode. I can ask all the time What do you feel or what about happiness or depression that That doesn't even how I feel doesn't cross my mind. I don't know how I'll explain it There are days where I'm pissed off or sad or happy. It doesn't cross my mind That's just like I woke up. Whenever mood I happen to be in I have things I need to do It's a busy day. Zubi's here soon. I need to go training before he gets here I didn't meet him with the bag at 7.15 am. I have shit to do like I didn't cross my mind about happy sad Excited I just had to work. There's very few things in this life We actually have any control over let me tell you the fact the number one facet  your life is never going to be worse. If you walk through the world believing you are the man, you wake up and look in the mirror and go on down the man. I am the man. There's no one on this planet who can do. I couldn't do if I put my mind to it. There's another thing that a lot of people make a mistake with my talk to me. I have to go to work today. Change your language. I get to go to work today. Imagine you had no job. It be worse, right? I thought of why she wouldn't be working. So you get to go to work. I have to fix the car. At least you have a car. You get to fix your car. Most people don't have a lot of work. I have to go get the kids. You get to go get the kids because you have these beautiful children who love you. You understand. People's even their own language is wrong. The world is going to be framed. Maybe I'm completely crazy. Maybe I'm foolish. Like you said, maybe I am. But the frames I've installed in my mind are all beneficial to me. So if that makes me crazy and foolish, good because I can't become depressed. So you can sit there and tell me I'm foolish while you're depressed. And I'm happy.  I would never want to adopt the thinking of a depressed person. They've distracted you with this idle, whoever it happens to be. Put them there and the presents like, yeah! It's, and then they go home and they're told something by the news, but again, this makeup a completely false scenario. Be afraid of the common cold. Okay, and then anyone who comes back and says, why are we afraid of the common cold? They delete their point of view. They shut them up to create a false reality. So people are living a life where they're working a job. They're being enslaved by the machines for their tasks. But their mind is distracted by garbage and only fed a fake story. And they're living inside of a computer-generated simulation. They're living inside of a world that is not real. They don't live in a real world. A lot of people live inside of the matrix completely, especially people who dislike me. So, I think my mental model to a degree, I'm certainly not. A person who doesn't feel emotions to-  for all human, I certainly do. But I never prioritize them in any regard. I haven't built a mental model that it affects. I haven't put them in the middle of my mental model and that affected my actions based on how I feel for each one. It's absolutely completely the opposite. I would love to do a podcast on a day where I'm particularly sad and the podcast on a day when I'm particularly happy and I guarantee you, you will feel the difference. So that's what allows me to be competitive, right? Because if you're competitive, you ought to be the most competitive to put a predator on the planet. You used to be able to hunt in the day and the night. You had to be able to do both. You had to be able to perform when you're happy and sad. You can't only be able to perform when you're happy. You can't only go to the gym when you're motivated. You can't only be a competent person when your legs go in well. Because when your legs start going well, you're no longer competent. Then you're gonna lose to people like me. I'm just a player versus player. If you're the kind of person you could only do well when you're happy and you're competing against someone like me, you can do well all the time. Guess what? You lose. So my mental model, the answer is most of my opinions are just based around constructing a mental model that allows me to be brutally competitive.  It's why I say depression isn't real. I've argued this point endlessly and I try and explain to people But then all smart enough to understand that I don't care if I'm wrong. I don't care I get I am more competitive as an individual if I don't believe I can become depressed So I don't give a fuck if I'm right or wrong because no matter what bad happens to me in my life Even for the heaven forbid the worst things on earth that could happen to me I could never become clinically depressed because I would never self-diagnose myself as clinically depressed because I don't believe it I believe I am concurrently sad, but I have work to do and eventually I will feel better People will people will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy So they'll shield it with disbelief. Oh, that's a scam or I don't work hard. I work smart Ballots more more cover. Just let anything it takes to say I don't want to work Do you believe in the works more no huddle? I believe in both yeah But there's a time when it comes to work smart and most people are trying to do the smart work for the do the hard work It's kind of like talent  right? You don't notice if you're talented at something to all the hard work stuff. Yeah. I can be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmoh's gonna smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some god-given gift. Yeah. You understand? You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go, I work smart. I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I will never get to a point of absolute desperation and kill myself because I don't, I'm never going to get to a point of helplessness because I don't believe in the idea of helplessness. You cannot try and make me a dog thinking that will reduce my competitiveness as an individual. So I don't have, I'm wrong. I don't believe in it. That's it. Story. So I don't believe in things that take power away from me. I don't believe in things that make me less competitive and I don't adopt mental models that make me less competitive. Every school mental...  I have are the most efficient ones I could find. For the mental model I found that if I had dropped I'd become a more fearsome predator. That's it. So this is how I've come to all of my conclusions as an individual. If you take a man and give him a life shielded from problems and he never has any face, I guarantee you he's terrible at being a man. The best men in the world have gone through it. That's why women love scars because they didn't kill you. That's the whole point of it, right? So the best thing you can do as a man is look and go, okay, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard, this is hard. I feel negative because these are also difficult. I'm struggling with XYZ. Let me internalize all of that and turn it into a superpower. Let me become genuinely uncomfortable with my situation in life and go and fix things because like I said, the universe is absolutely not really very giving. And if you truly hated being in a position you were in, you wouldn't be there very long. Every time I feel stressed or under pressure, I get excited. I hate to not be stressed. I wake up and I'm like, everything's good. Yes!  That's just how I am, right? It's how you look at the problems and how you use them to fuel you. So the question was, what's the problem for the average man today was the biggest problem? I think there's a whole host of problems. But what you have to do is frame it inside of your mind and understand that all of those problems are gonna allow you to give you the fuel, the unlimited motivation that you need to become a successful and beautiful individual. If you frame it in the right way, the biggest problem that men face, isn't the problem for themselves? It's just a way that been taught to mentally frame issues. People think when bad things happen to them, that somehow they're a victim to the universe and bad things only happen to me. And this is so terrible. They don't understand that bad things happened to everybody and the most successful person you know, had all those maybe even worse, at least the same bad things happen to them. They just framed it differently and used it. That's the difference. So I don't pray for an easy life. I pray for a life of difficulty that allows me to come up better and better person. I pray to become more competent to handle problems. I pray to put myself in a position where, if the masked meaty machine attempts is very best to destroy my life, and lack in smile from my fill into mine. This is who I pray to become. I don't.  that nobody hurts me, I pray to be able to fight. So it's just a different mentality. I think a lot of people build their mindsets around trying to feel good. People who want to ignore the idea of personal responsibility or self accountability because they feel better if they pretend it's not a real thing. They feel better if they pretend everything's some else as well. A lot of people's mental model and how they view the world is based around them feeling as good as possible. So people are basing their mindsets around trying to feel good. I have always tried to base on mindset around absolute competence regardless of how I feel. And there are certainly disadvantages to that. There are times you're going to be a lot more pessimistic or you're going to be a lot more stressed or a lot more pissed off about certain things and others. Yeah, that can be seen as a downside but like I said, I use all of those things for unlimited motivation to propel my endless upward trajectory. But if you construct a mindset that allows you to be as competent as possible as opposed to feels any different or feel better, then you're going to naturally come to the conclusions I've come to. You're as competent as possible if you believe...  you can affect absolutely everything about your life. You're as competent as possible if you believe absolutely everything that's happened to you whether good or bad is competing your fault. You're as competent as possible if you believe the bad things that happen to you are going to allow you to work harder and become even better. When bad things happen to me the first thing I'm out of is good. Good. Andrew, they took 10 million dollars out of the bank because they canceled you. Good. Good. That's just my response. Good. Andrew, this happened good. Good. Good. Now, now I'm really pissed. This mindset I've constructed allows me to be as fearsome a competitor as possible. It allows me to be a fear opponent in any realm of human endeavor and that's that's the point of a mindset. Why would you have a mental model or a mentality that made you anything less? In the ultra competitive world that we've just discussed discussing everybody wants the things you have. Why would you absorb information or construct a mental model that doesn't allow you to be as competitive as possible? I am a feared competitor in anything I do. Anyone who's up against me at anything is going to feel a degree of nervousness just because it's  What it is if you say look you're gonna go learn how to play piano and you're gonna play against someone else who's never played piano And you're gonna learn and that guy's end your tape. You're gonna be off the fuck I can't play piano but part of them is gonna be like ah, no Even though I have no piano experience because they just know me they know my mindset They know my determination. They know I'm stubborn. They know I don't quit. They know I'm they know I'm gonna win That's just why I am so I've constructed a mental model that allows me to be competent and to always succeed And that's how I've come to the conclusions I've come to and I truly once again Don't understand how people go to the world without within the other mental mode I can ask all the time, but what do you feel or what about happiness or depression that That doesn't even how I feel doesn't cross my mind. I don't know how I'll explain it There are days where I'm pissed off or sad or happy. It doesn't cross my mind It's just like I woke up Whatever mood I happen to be in I have things I need to do. It's a busy day. Zubi's here soon. I need to go training  before he gets here, I didn't meet him with the bag at 7.15 am. I have shit to do. Like, I didn't cross my mind about happy, sad, excited. I just had to work. So, I think my mental model to a degree, I'm certainly not a person who doesn't feel emotions because we're all human, I certainly do. But I've never prioritized them in any regard. I haven't built a mental model that affects, I haven't put them in the middle of my mental model and that affected my actions based on how I feel for each one. It's absolutely incomplete, the opposite. I would love to do a podcast on a day where I'm particularly sad and the podcast on a day when I'm particularly happy and I guarantee you, you would miss all the difference. So, that's what allows me to be competitive, right? Because if you're competitive, you want to be the most competitive, the predator on the planet, you have to be able to hunt in the day and the night. You have to be able to do both. You have to be able to perform when you're happy and sad. You can't, you can't only be able to perform when you're happy. You can't only go to the gym when you're motivated. You can't only be a competent person when your life's going well because when your life's not going well, you're no longer competent. Then you're going to lose to people like me. It's player versus player.  If you're the kind of person who can only do well when you're happy and you're competing at someone like me, you can do well all the time. Guess what? You lose. So, my mental model, the answer is most of my opinions are just based around constructing a mental model that allows me to be brutally competitive. It's why I say depression isn't real. I've argued this point endlessly and I try and explain to people but they're not smart enough to understand that I don't care if I'm wrong. I don't care. I am more competitive as an individual if I don't believe I can become depressed. So I don't give a f*** if I'm right or wrong because no matter what bad happens to me in my life, even if the heaven forbid the worst things on earth that could happen to me, I could never become clinically depressed because I would never self diagnose myself as clearly depressed because I don't believe in it. I believe I am concurrently sad that I have work to do and eventually I will feel better. I will never get to a point of absolute desperation and kill myself because I don't, I'll never get to a point of hopelessness because I don't believe in the ideal hopelessness. You cannot try and make me a dog thinking that will reduce my competitiveness as an individual. You cannot try and make me a dog thinking that will reduce my competitiveness as an individual.  I don't believe it. That's it. And a story. So I don't believe in things that take power away from me. I don't believe in things that make me less competitive and I don't adopt mental models that make me less competitive. Every single mental model I have are the most efficient ones I could find. For the mental model I found that if I adopt I become a more fearsome predator. That's it. So this is how I've come to all of my conclusions as an individual. If the ocean doesn't reach a point of equal and opposite force it will just engulf the entire planet. Right? There has to be an equal and opposite force at some point. I'm not talking about freeing every single person from the matrix. I'm talking about freeing enough people who are ready to understand how the world really works. That there's an equal and opposite force to the terrain of bullshit. The absolute clown world bullshit they're trying to push on all of us. If nobody stands up to it we're going to end up just swallowing it all. It's garbage. So you need to have an equal army on the other side. Money is certainly related to power but to the true power of the world is influence. I am currently one of those powerful people on the planet. I can...  influence millions and millions and millions of young people with my mouth alone by speaking. That's why they fear me. And every single thing that's happening in the world today, whether it's a pitched battle, all of it is done with the goal of exerting influence on your mind. They're trying to control what you think. They're trying to control why you think it. Why you believe it. They're trying to convince you that they haven't even put propaganda into your mind. And it's all about all for influence. That's all this has ever been. Most people are not smart enough. Most people are not intelligent enough to self-analys and defrag their own brains and understand their being programmed. You didn't like me, for example. I don't like Andrew Tate. Why? Well, they told me not to like him. Who told me? Will these people? Do they care about me? No. Most people don't get an opinion and break down where it even comes from. They just get an opinion and they defend it. And you'll see people arguing and fighting in the street over opinions. They don't even know where they've come from in the first place. Most people are not intelligent enough for them. So everybody and everything you consume is going to influence you to a degree. The mass media machines trying to...  influence everyone. I'm trying to influence everyone. I'm right here trying to influence people. I'll sit here and say I'm trying to influence people at home. I did not say that girls above a certain age are horrible people. I did not say girls above enough certain age are useless. I said girls above a certain age are less attractive than girls who are younger because of innocence. I'm talking about the Western world and in the Western world there's no girl at age I don't know 32 in Las Vegas who is pure. Not a single one on the planet so we can't sit here and apply what I'm talking about for the Western world to the Middle Eastern world. I'm under attack every single day. They're attacking my character. They're attacking my integrity. They're attacking my finances. They're attacking my freedom. They're attacking my companies every single day. I wake up and there are people on the planet whose goal is to attempt to destroy me so I am under attacks. I was kind of up and down. I was working in the fish market but I was still fighting at the same time. I was training. I was still pretty young. I started to make a little bit of money fighting but not much and then I had different jobs. I sold television advertising, worked for an advertising company etc. and I had my own business for a while trying to sell TV advertising and I had a bunch of  sales jobs back and forth, work for car sales. I'd always been doing this and that going from place to place. Unless it was a sales job, I never really took it that seriously because it was on the main commission that I found a track group. Outside of sales jobs, I just did my very best. I did a whole bunch of things. It's been an eclectic long, interesting journey. So I grew up with a bunch of very close-mossed friends and I've always been not envious, but certainly I've had a large amount of adoration for their respect for their families, respect for their culture, their brotherhood, the way they operate. I've always thought it's a fantastic way to be. God knows the truth of our heart. So I know that my my reversion is sincere. I understand that because I'm in the public eye, there's going to be some degree of people who question it, but I know the mind's completely sincere and the people who do it in a non-senseer way. God knows the truth and they're not going to be able to fool him. So good look. And someone else said to me, they said that it's important that someone like you that has all of the worldly treasures or everything that you could possibly ever wish for in this world still understands the importance of believing in God. I have a very small circle.  but every single one of my friends has the utility. Like we're all very capable individuals. We all do very important things. We all help each other and aid each other in different ways. I don't have any friends just to sit around and talk shit and do nothing. I guess in many ways people would say, oh, Andrew, you have family and business partners, but I consider them my friends. We have a very small network of five, maybe six people. And yeah, they're my friends. I'm not the kind of person who can fall victim to some random stroke in my ego and ego. I'm not a dumb. I know a lot of people get rich in their dummies. That's not me. I don't have any new friends. I have the same circle I've always had. In fact, it's getting smaller by the way. It's smaller, not bigger. I don't have these random friends I par with none of this kind. I provide value by default by being me. That's who I am. You're gonna be my friend. You need to provide some value to my life. Now a lot of people and they have friends to value that's provided by their friend is that their friend makes them laugh. That their friend is funny. Well, I don't need that crap. I'm busy, right? I need someone who's actually useful to me at real things.  It's not a shallow way to look at it because people say that shallow, not at all. I think that in true friendship, in true relationships, whether it's man, woman, or man, man, or woman, woman, there needs to be an exchange of value. People need to both gain and receive value, and that's how you build true friendships. So you need to become useful to me. And the problem with doing that is I already have extremely useful people around me who can already do everything. I don't need anybody. So when someone comes and goes, hey, I'd love to know you, why? What do you want to do? Sit around, talk shit. What do you want to do? I'm trying to do X, Y, Z, I'm fighting the matrix. Can you fight the matrix? Can you fight? They can't do anything. I don't want to hang around. There's a time when it comes to working smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent. You don't notice if you're talented as something to all the hard work stuff. I can be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmoh's going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God giving gift.  You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's gonna sit there and go, I work smart, I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I am absolutely and hardly a believer in hard work. I'm a component of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life is work. This podcast is work. I'm getting the car in which another meeting work. It's all work, my entire life is work. And people don't wanna look at life that way. They wanna talk about work, life, balance, and being lazy and all this crap. I don't believe in me that. I believe in if you wanna win, you have to out-compete the man who's prepared to do nothing but work. This player versus player. If you're gonna sit there and go, I don't wanna work more than an hour a day, well the guy who does wanna work more than an hour a day is gonna beat you. And no matter how smart you are, there's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it. That's just the nature of the game. And this is why we talk about things like passive income, passive income, scam. I'm glad the people coming to me say, I wanna make passive income. And I sit there and say, it's not about it being a-  It's about the mentality towards it is look everyone loves passive money, right? I make money as I sleep I get it You what you need to delink your time to your money because if you're only working for money You run out of time you can't make enough money. I understand all those principles my point is if you have no money And you're coming to me saying I want to make passive income. Why are you not making active income? Get up off your ass and work first Because there's no such thing as completely truly a hundred percent passive You're gonna have to check on it you have to maintain it But the idea that people with no money are already so concerned with making money without work is amazing to me You should be worried about active income if you show me if I'm a broken and you show me how to make a thousand dollars an hour I don't sit there and go okay, but how can I make that passive? I go cool. I make a eighteen thousand dollars a day I'm gonna work you don't need to worry about passive income until you have no more time I look at passive income because I have eighteen hours a day When all eighteen of those hours are done and my workload still  I have to find a way to make some of those income streams passive, even via staff or whatever else. And that's how I work smart. I use all of my time and when all my time is done, now I have to become more efficient so that I get more done within the same time frame. To sit there and say, I don't want to use my time, so I won't pass the big one. It's dumb, and it's dumb shit. A 16-year-old making 45 grand a month. If he was to sit to me and go, I don't want to make the tip talks. I want someone else to do it, make it passive, that he wouldn't make any money. He's just working. You have to just work. Some point you have to fight to pull it and just work. So when someone comes to me talking about passive income, they're a broke human. You are just lazy. Lazy people never get anywhere in life, just matter what it is, they're not worth tenets or money. If you're lazy, you're never going to get it. A lot of people with no money are really, really arrogant. I know a lot of broke people who are very arrogant. People will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Ah, that's a skin. Or I don't work hard, I work smart. Balloons. More cover. How do you be successful as a man? We'll talk about it. First thing, we need freedom. Is you ain't a man.  if you're not free. And you may say that I'm not slave, I get paid really well. Listen, the slaves got free food and free shelter in exchange for work. Now all they've done is go over to the food and shelter you, give you dollars which you spend on food and shelter. And you basically have nothing left, so you're still a fellow slave. The first thing you need is freedom. If you're not free, you're not man. First, we're not successful man. So you should always be working towards freedom. And I mean freedom with your time, do what you want. Freedom with your location, go where you want. There's a riot, cold, go and talk to you, see you later, bye. Go into Australia, see you later, bye. Freedom, one thing. The next day of the constitutes success to man is your network. Who are you talking to? Who are these people? Who will answer your phone calls? Listen, how about two phones?  Identical almost twins. I got two phones right here. And I can call one of many multi-millionaires. And when they see my name, they're gonna pick up the phone. They're gonna like, oh, it's tape. Oh wait, guys, wait, wait, they're gonna stop their conversation. They'll be like, whoa, fuck, I'll tape them. What's up, tape? Because they know I don't call for no bullshit. They'll be like, fuck, money, money, money, phone three. So I can call them one time millionaires right now. I have the best idea in the world. I have called a bunch of multi-millionaires right now. Say, look, I need 100 million. Here's my idea. We can make something happen. You can't do it. I can do it. Freedom, never. And then you get into the aesthetics of life for people to view you as successful and you need good body language. You need physical presence. A man who's not dangerous. A man who has no physicality will never be seen as successful. Oh, I'm successful, I'm rich. And I know that they have a, I'll break your neck. Here's for you.  big my hand is, I'm a gravity by your neck and choking to you, dying. Who's successful now? I'm breathing in your gnaw, so I'm more successful than you. You can't be a little bit gay. And I understood this from a young age as well. As long as sitting there at a young age, think it. I need to get a network of high network individuals who are not even rich men, but men who are driven, men who are making money and I need to find a way to talk to them, work for them, learn what they know so I can become one of them. I need to get one language and visit Cali. I need to become big and dangerous. I need to be able to display that without saying. I need women and lovely. I need beautiful women who adore me. I need these things because this is what shows the world. I'm the f***ing dog. So I'm sitting there and I understand what I need. And I knew this at 21, 22. A lot of you people are older than this. Older than me, you're older than I was and I'm telling you something. You said you're going, yeah, didn't even cross your mother f***ing mind. You were too busy jerk it off the porno.  and not thinking about what you actually need to do to be successful in this life. So these are the things you need to be a high value man. Because if you have all those things and then you get some money and you have geographical and time freedom, you're now genuine me successful. Your mentality is heavily linked to your reality. And the fact that most people have such weak mindsets come from the fact that they have a weak life, a weak body, a weak social circle, a weak network, a weak bank account, a weak relationship, and then their mind is weak. Well of course, with a view had a group of soldiers around you, men who were dedicated, who would ride or die with you. If you were strong, if your woman would never leave you no matter what, because she idolizes you, then your mentality would be strong. Your mind would be strong by extension. So if someone comes to being goes, I doubt myself, I usually look at them and go, yeah, I understand why you're a little fat piece of your stupid. Of course you do. Hey Andrew, um, so how do I get like a six pack weight? What's the best fastest way to get a six pack? Why does it have to be quick? Why does it have to be easy? Why do you think life is all quick and easy? Why can't?  be hard and difficult. Why can't you suffer? Because suffering is what gives it value. If everyone had a six pack and it was quick and easy, then it wouldn't be valuable, would it? If everyone walked around with a quick and a six pack and they got it easily, then no one would give it. The whole point is that it's difficult. NIT. Value is linked to difficulty. If you want something that is valuable, you need something which is difficult to obtain. The fact that you just said you wanted it quick and easily shows that your whole mental model is f-. You shouldn't be thinking about quick and easy. You should be thinking about hard, suffering, pain. Going through it. That's what you should be thinking about. This is going to be hard, but I'm going to do it anyway. Because when it is done, then everyone's going to know that I went through something difficult. Why do you want it to be quick and easy? Success is the most overused word. Because we talk about success. Well, this guy is really successful. Not these mother exists. So let's say I'm working at a company. I'm a big boss. Let's say I'm a guy. I go college. I go university. I go to this company. I work. I work. I work. I become a manager. I'm on 150,000 a year.  I got a company BMWs and I wear a suit and everyone at my job does his icing. By all measures, I'm a successor, but here's the truth. When I leave that company, no one gives a **** about me. I'm a nobody outside of that one building where I'm a little bit important. My wife doesn't want to suck my dick because I'm fat because I didn't have time to train until I did his work. I got a BMW, BMW. I know hose would be a BMWs. BMW, I didn't even consider that car. BMW, I thought luxury cars, I'm crazy. I'm pushing super cars. You're nobody. You're not successful for shit. Success for a man actually comes in many realms. It's actually nothing to do with being good at your job. Having money, yeah, you don't have to be good at your job. Depression is the ultimate motivation. Oh, so you're depressed. Okay, that's it.  long to mean you tell me you're depressed. I expect to see a huge list of what you're achieving per day. You're unhappy with your life and you're depressed. I don't expect you to be popping pills sitting late in bed. I expect you to give me a huge list of everything you're achieving per day. Depression is a fantastic motivation. You know, but people are told the opposite. No, you should feel the process wrong. You should be happy. Anyway, take the pills, stay home, take some time off, complete garbage. You're depressed. Okay, get up. Go for a run, lift more weights, make more money, get a second job, get more girls. You can outrun depression. I'm a man who's always believed, and I think every man understands this action over inaction. And I think it was General Patton who said, a good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow. You got to do something. You got to do something fast. You're just sitting around talking about it and hoping for things to get better. I don't know about you, gentlemen, but every time I run out of money in my bank and I thought I'm going to sit around and hope for something to come. It never really worked out right. It never worked out. You know, it's like you can't be sitting around waiting for things to happen to you. Also, I think especially in the West, a lot of people's problems are all in their mind that I'm not saying that mental conditions aren't real because I'm so...  some are, but I try and explain to people, look, if you, the only thing on the planet, you have genuine control over is your state of mind. Like you can't even control your health, you might get hit by lightning, you can't control other people, you can't control the weather, you can't control anything, the only thing you can affect in genuine real time is how you feel in your head. Someone comes to me and goes, aw, I get really shy and anxious, I'll say so. Right. Not, not aw, okay, that must be horrible, not so. Do anyway. Yeah, but I'm sure, I don't care. I don't, no one cares. The whole world doesn't care. Nobody cares. Go, if you can drop dead tomorrow, the world wouldn't care. The sun's still gonna rise, people's still gonna go to work. So you're gonna sit here and worry about speaking. When people come to me and say, I'm not happy, I say, why should you be happy? And we're all adults here. This infantile mindset that we're supposed to be like we were when we were three years old and oh, something shiny, laugh all the time, run around the circles, we're grown-ups and we have responsibilities and we have problems and we have pressure and you don't necessarily have to be happy to perform, especially if you're a man. Like women have this, I guess to the-  are born lucky, women have this mindset where they can, people expect women to be happy, women need to be happy. As a man, you have a burden of performance. I can never be depressed if I never slow down. Speed is extremely important. Speed defives gravity. How does a plane fly through the air and defy gravity? Speed is moving too fast to fall. If you're always attacking life, if you're always doing things, if you're always making more money, if you're always traveling the world doing this, doing that new car here, there, new podcast, meet in James English, boom, boom, boom, boom. You know, if you're always doing things all the time, unhappiness can't catch you. But I also know that speed is a fantastic way to be happy all the time. I'm always looking forward to seeing you. I wake up every day excited. I'll go do this today. I'll go do this today. Go do this today. And I very much live my life in a frame of, not, I have to do this. It's very much a, I get to do this. There's another thing that will not be making a mistake with my talk. I have to go to work today.  change your language. I'd get to go to work today. Imagine you had no job. Be worse, right? Otherwise you would be working. So you get to go to work. Oh, I have to fix the car. At least you have a car. Get to fix your car. Most people don't but one. Oh, I have to go get the kids. You get to go get the kids because you have these beautiful children who love you. You understand? People's even their own language is wrong. The world is gonna be framed. Maybe I'm completely crazy. Maybe I'm full of shit. Maybe I am. But the frames I've installed in my mind are all beneficial. So that makes me crazy and full of shit good because I can't become depressed. So you can sit there and tell me I'm full of shit while you're depressed and I'm happy and I would never want to adopt the thinking of a depressed person. People will people will shield laziness with anything. No one wants to admit they're lazy. So they'll shield it with disbelief. Oh, that's a scam. Or I don't work hard. I work smart. Ballots more more cover. Just let anything it takes to say I don't want to work. Do you believe in the works?  I believe in both. Yeah. But there's a time when it comes to work smart. And most people are trying to do the smart work before they do the hard work. It's kind of like talent, right? You don't notice if you're talented at something till all the hard work's done. Yeah. I could be the most talented tennis player in the world. But I don't play tennis. So if I go down the tennis court, Joe Schmo's going to smoke me. I don't get to see my talent until I've worked so hard that I'm in the top 1% and now I'm beaten them because I have some God-given gift. Yeah. You understand? You have to do the hard work first. If there's no hard work, there's no smart work. So someone's going to sit there and go, I work smart. I don't work hard. So I only have to work an hour a day. If working smart gets you a lot done in an hour a day, then you should work smart for 12 hours a day and get 12 times the work done. I am absolutely not really a believer in hard work. I'm a proponent of hard work. I have all this money and all I do is work. My entire life does work. This podcast is work. I'm getting the car and went to another meeting work. I want to go to the gym so I'm in good shape. Work.  It's all work. My entire life is work and people don't want to look at life that way They want to talk about work, life, balance and being lazy and all this crap I don't believe in anything that I believe in if you want to win you have to outcompete the man who's prepared to do nothing But work his player versus player if you're gonna sit there and go I don't want to work more than an hour a day Well the guy who does want to work more than our day is gonna be you and you know how smart you are There's always a smart dude who's doing the same smart work you are for more hours than you're doing it That's just the nature of the games the way the humans work and the way that we are We evolve the species is that we don't really Learn lessons unless to learn a hard way. Yeah, I believe that unless a lesson is taught the hard way You're not gonna learn it you can have so many near misses and people won't learn their lesson Bro, you must know a guy who goes out there nearly crashes his car nearly crashes his car nearly crashes his car Doesn't slow his ass down to be rex in yeah, like this is how people are right? So you need that pain for the lesson to sting enough to really genuinely go inside of your mind And it's the same with everything is the same with driving a car or business truth  Hopefully if you want to learn a lesson about business, you're going to have to suffer some money. So we always say that most people are not successful with their first companies. X, Y, Z, blah, blah, blah. I get that. The truth is, there's a lot of people who make a lot of money with their first company, but they just spunk it, act an idiot, and all blows up in their face. And that's how you get the discipline on your fourth company that when you have three million in the bank, you just leave it there. And don't be dumb with it. So you need to go through some pain, you need to experience some negative things, you need to have to a degree, some trauma, to really even learn any lessons. So yeah, business studies, you're right, the book, that's the talking teacher thing about business. You need to get out there on the streets, you need to make some mistakes, you need to suffer, you need to have the tax man not going to your door, you got to deal with all that stuff, so that you make sure it doesn't happen again. I really think that humans are stupid enough to only learn the hard way. And life really doesn't have to be that complicated. You see somebody that has something you want, you just got to try and work out how they got it. And that's the missing part. Most people see people with things they want, and they don't do the second hand, they don't.  I try to work out how they got that thing. Oh my man, that's a Ferrari, okay. I wish I had a Ferrari, okay. They don't sit there and go for an hour. How did you get a Ferrari? It doesn't cross that part, it's the part they don't want to do, right? They just go, oh he is a Ferrari, wish I had a Ferrari. They go back to TV. That's what it is. It's player versus player out here, man. It's on the street, it's not easy for every dollar you make for every pound you take, you're taking from someone else. You don't make money, you take money. You don't understand the way that money works. You're not the Federal Reserve, you can't create money from the air. Every single pound in your bank is money you took from someone else. When I say take, I don't mean in a negative way. You might have convinced them to give it to you. You might have a coffee shop. I'll give you a nice coffee, you'll give me some money. Cool, but you still took his money, right? So if you're out here trying to take stuff from other people, don't you want to have a team? Who do it by yourself, you want me Rambo? You can get two of you doing it. You can do it, that's right. So the whole idea of this lone soldier, this Rambo, I'll do it all by myself. That's all dead, you need to have a team, this player versus player, and for the same reason, if you're out here on the street and want to defend yourself, you want to...  the boys around you is the same thing we try to get rich. That you're laughing with your boys. The broken days are great and I'm not complaining about being rich. All this how I worked hard for this and it's a fantastic life I live now. But I think without those broken days, without those original days to compare it to, without that juxtaposition, then I don't think being rich would be fun at all. I think it's only fun because you can compare it to the days when you were working. That's the only thing that makes it fun. The only thing that makes about $10,000 stake fun is that you can laugh, say it how you never had 10 grand in your bank until you were 27 years old. Otherwise it's boring. Otherwise you can go, okay, stake. And I think if you're born with too much money, that you'll never truly have. I think you need the broken days and the best days. See you. Was that the main instrumental tool and the price of swimming isester rate for swimming for swimming instead of swimming for swimming. Is it Korean sponsored waterwater? It's a great pleasure. It's awesome that is well supported performance and young, thank you for stepping up on the ice and your library. I don't know, actually, I would certainly recommend it if you made it  a full of main ways to getting money. You either trade your time for money, you trade information for money, you give a product or a service for money, or you put something to work for money. I'll say that again, we're gonna go through them one by one. These are the main ways that money will arrive in your back account. Remember what I just told you guys, before main things about cash, how you got to attack it, identify where it's moving, except for money. These are the full main ways money is made. But, is, time for money. Now this is what most job does. And there's nothing wrong with the job. A lot of people are gonna come and say, quit your job. No, there's nothing wrong with having a job. And it's better than doing nothing. But this is the first level. This is the first level on how to make money. So what you do when you have a job is, you give up your time to get some cash. So a guy will say, if you stand here,  day I'll give you X amount of money and you agree. You give up your time to make money. The problem with giving up your time to make money is what? Who knows the problem? You're giving up your time to make money. I'll tell you the problem. The problem is you only have a certain amount of time. It's very difficult to get rich. If you give up your time for money because you have a certain amount of time you need to sleep, you need to eat, you go other stuff to do, you haven't got the time to sit there and get rich that way. So time for money is great and obviously the more valuable your time is, the better that's fine you can make more but you still have a finite amount of time and this is the problem with creating your time for money. Next is information for money. Now the good thing about getting information from money is that your time is not explicitly linked.  So if you do something like a video, giving information, that one video you can film it one time, but it can be given out for so a million times and you get paid every single time. But your time is going on the link to the money. So a lot of people make money purely on information, and this it can be done lots of ways. It can be done with what I'm doing right now. I'm making money based on what I know right now. I am selling information to you people. I know information and I provide them. They're also high level consult to the same thing. Information is valuable. We live in the age of information. Another thing I guys want you to write down your notes. Some of the two most important things in the world today are information and attention. If you can get, if you have information and you can get attention, you will be rich. If you can get attention, you will get paid attention to you. And if you have information to give them, you're going to be rich.  This webinar is an example of how Be a person who can attract attention who has information can make money so information for money is better than time for money Now every single person sitting here there must be something you know You know something you know something others don't know it doesn't matter if it's how to play guitar It doesn't matter if it's how to play piano It doesn't matter if it's how to fix the car doesn't matter what it is You must have some information that other people find use That information can be weaponized and it can be turned into money We're gonna get into how to do that later, but it's not actually very complicated. You need to guard our attention You need to produce the videos or the subject material or the PDF so whatever you want to do Explain to people what you know you need to establish quite a Billy so they understand that they can trust you and then you have paid for your information This is another way to get money  information. The key to that line, write that down. Because when you write down the reason for information, you also need to sit and think, what do I know that other people don't know? So there must be something you know. And that information is valuable. You have to convince people that it's valuable and to come and buy it from you. Next, this is what most businesses do. They provide a product or a service for money. Now this is different from information. Because even though if you provide a service, you have information. Let's say you fix cars. You know how to fix cars. You have information. But you're not selling the information. You're selling the service, which is different. The information would be selling me a book on how to fix my own car. The service is coming here into fix and form. So a product or service selling for money. This is very, very simple as what most businesses do. They buy and they get product or service and they sell it for a mark on. Now this is actually, this is the way that...  most mega businesses make money, but in a modern world, it's quite difficult to do. And it's difficult to do because most products and services are monopolized. They're monopolized because everyone's already selling everything. And we live in a global economy now. And there's no product you can think of. I can't go to Amazon.com and find cheaper from China and they'll sell it out one penny, maybe two penny mark on it. So the product, the roof is getting harder unless you're very, very unique and you build a brand which somewhere you can do. The service is fine, but you know what the problem with service is. Service is once again linked to your time. If you're providing a service, you're still giving up your time for money. Do you understand? So the product angle is difficult, the service angle is difficult, the time angle is difficult. So far, the only angle we have will allow you to make money. It's terrible how and beyond is information from money. Now.  putting something else to do the work for you. Now this is what corporation and the mega rich people do. They either get people to work for them or they get their money to work for them. So to keep their time free, they make other people or other things about their time. So a company will come along. Let's look at the slides. A company will come along with a service. It will advertise its service. It will then hire people number one. We'll get people to work for them and then those people will give up their time and exchange for a wage. Give up their time and shift for a wage and the company will keep money. So the owner of that company, although he has to manage things, his time is explicitly linked to income. Now the super wealthy, the super wealthy people do it. They get their money to work for them. And if your money works for you, it even bared at people.  people need to be managed a lot more than money. Your money doesn't need to be managed. Money just works. So if you have millions of dollars and you put them in a 10% return, or even a 3% return, you're gonna be rich on the interest without doing it. So making your money, make your money is great, but you can only live off this money if you already have a lot of money. So let's go back through and analyze. Getting people to work for you is complicated setup because you actually need to sell a product or service to get most of your work. Also, you need to people manage. So for a long period of time, you're not gonna have your time for it. This is the first thing. Second thing, getting your money to work for you, you need a lot of money to live off the work your money does. You need a lot of money to get this to happen. Most people don't have enough money, so that they're money to work and live off it. Now you still should put your money to work. Now we're gonna talk about that. You can.  Live all your money work.