 And another self is not a stupid idea. It's actually a biological norm amongst men. Don't be confused. You don't want to flex Ascenities you want to flex capabilities. You want to flex competence? You want to flex look what I can do which others cannot do? I made the brave choice to others are afraid to make and Respect often lies on the other side of fear if there's a decision that everybody's afraid to do But you do it. That is what's gonna get you respected by your peers So it's extremely important Right question number one. Let me read the chat quickly every single chisoo per chat this show. I'm gonna read out as well guys I'm gonna read out all the super chats we have anything over $50 cuz otherwise you have too many small ones. There's two here for $10. I'll read Pining on the guy who walked here. I'm glad he got some exercise. That's fantastic I don't know him and I'm not really in the business of meat You  I ain't, it really bites me. So I wish I could be a bit more social, but it's quite difficult, unfortunately, because everybody's out to get a buck. Because the world's becoming more centralized, it's becoming harder and harder for anyone to make any money. So people are becoming more and more desperate. I understand it, but I need to keep my name and my integrity intact because the take name is based on integrity. Everything I said I was going to do I have done. I'm the only celebrity who's launched a meme coin and didn't run a bullet. Daddy's still here. I'm preparing to launch a few more exchanges and staking when the market recovers. Daddy's going to the moon. The real world's still here. I haven't lied to anybody about anything. I'm the most reputable brand on the internet currently today. So I'd be very careful when someone goes, oh, I walked all the way here. I want a picture with you because I don't know what they're going to do with that picture, especially if it's going to end up damaging my name. Right. Question number one. Just out of curiosity. To be great at anything in life should you enjoy it. For example, if a boxer wants to become world champion, would he have to enjoy boxing? Would it even be possible to me?  be hate boxing and still become world champion. Good question. It is easier if you enjoy it, because you do not struggle with lack of motivation or lack of interest. For me to say, you could honestly be world champion if something you hate is a lie. You can, however, be competent at things you don't like. You can be very good at something you don't like doing. To be the best in the world, you probably have to fall in love with it. But the way you do anything is the way you do everything. And you can fall in love with the idea of being good in general. So anything I do, I don't want to be bad at. I either don't do it or I try my very best all the time to become extremely good at it. I don't see the point in doing anything and being mediocre or being bad at it. What's the point? If I'm going to speak on podcasts, I want to be good at it. Anything I'm going to do, I want to be good at. Now you should have enough respect for yourself that you're prepared to always put in the effort to give your best 100% because it is a habit. You should always give your best to anything  you do when you pick up a video game you should give your best. When you drive a car you should attempt to drive as efficiently as possible using the brake as little as possible to not waste fuel. To make sure there's no close calls, no sudden braking, most of you are just getting your car driving like a jackass from point A to point B not trying to actually go you know what let me drive pretend I have to queen in the back seat and I can't even brake suddenly. And I only have a fraction of fuel. How far can I go if I very smoothly, very calmly anticipate the traffic in advance, move my car in and out of the car so I barely have to brake, keep moving slowly and smoothly. Let me try and get good at this. The way you do anything is the way you do everything. And it is a habit to be good at things. There's nothing wrong with just being good at things. To be the best in the world you have to love it, that's true. But you're not going to love the majority of things you do. That's not realistic. The world's not going to afford you a life where everything you do you're in love with. In fact...  You're gonna end up doing a whole bunch of things you don't want to do and the life hack is if you enjoy getting better at things Then you can be doing something you don't want to do better than you previously done it And now you enjoy doing it because you were more competent and more capable at said task You are now better at said task. I'll give you a very simple example every morning I wake up and I drink four liters of water. I drink four liters. I Have started timing myself Why? Well Tristan can down water like a fish. I've never seen anything like it can drink two liters of water in three or four seconds I can't do that and it bothered me now Will there ever be a scenario in the future where I need to drink four liters of water as quickly as possible? Probably not. I mean I may get stranded in the desert who knows but every single morning I start off with a very simple competition. I wake up I put a timer on and I try and drink four liters of water as quickly as possible and I've managed to Reduce my time by half from when I started Why is it even pleasant? No drinking water that quickly makes me  feel sick. I can't do it like Tristan does. I just want to get better at it because I'm going to do it. I'm going to drink the water so why not become as good as possible at drinking the water. There's just no reason not to. Every single thing I approach I approach with vigor because I like being good at things. And that's not because I'm arrogant. That's because I have enough respect for myself and more importantly, I have enough respect for the people I love to know that I need to be good at things. When my children or when my women or my family or my people who rely on me, my brothers, anybody comes to me expecting me to do something for them. I need to have enough respect for them to know that I'm good at what they ask me to do. And if I don't know what they want me to do or I'm not particularly good at it, I'm at least good at learning. You can become good at learning so that you learn things faster. Good at concentrating. Good at taking a scenario seriously. These are all basic life skills that go along with bravery. That's going to put you in a competitive  bracket amongst the masculine realm which exists today because most people can't even focus. Most people can't even focus or try hard at anything. So to answer the question, can you become world champion without loving boxing? No, you can't become the best in the world. However, you can become very good at it because you can have enough discipline to ensure that you go to training and you can make sure that you're the kind of person who, if you're going to go to training, you're going to try your best. Guys, you're going to go to training for an hour. Whether you try hard or don't try hard, you're going to spend an hour in the boxing gym. There is no reason to not try. That is a learned habit. And what you often find with people who need to be motivated into things because they're not disciplined enough to do things and not discipline enough to do things properly, they'll go and say, I went to boxing training as if that's all that it's about. It's not about going to the training. It's about trying hard in the training. It's about giving it your all. It's about dedicating yourself. You're going to give an hour up anyway. There's no reason.  to not try. Most people go through their entire adult life without trying a hundred percent hardly ever. Think about it, even when you go to the gym, you don't try a hundred percent. You try 60 percent, seven percent. You don't try a hundred percent at home. You don't try a hundred percent when you fuck your bitch. What do you try a hundred percent with? Do you really try a hundred percent with work? Are you really moving that mouse as quickly as you possibly can? No, you're not trying. So you have people who have gone through life and are going through life without even giving a hundred percent of what they've got ever, ever. And it's interesting because we're entering the most competitive period of human history. Guys, I want you all to understand something. The plan by the elites is pretty simple. Their intention is pretty simple. Their intention is to enslave all of us. And they're going to do that by replacing us with machines and leaving us begging for handouts from a centralized government. And for you to outcompete a machine is going to be nearly impossible without some degree of ingenuity, without some degree of spark. You need something extremely interesting and unique about you. That's extremely important. And for you to be a-  able to do that, you can't just be good at one thing. You need to be good at lots of different things. Often it's a concoction of capabilities across realms that are going to allow you to have this special formula that machine can't quite mimic for now. So you need to be get very good at everything you do all of the time. You'll learn a lot of lessons about psychology and the boxing ring. Now they're not related technically, sometimes exercise, once the psychology of people. But you'll learn in the fight ring, you'll learn that you're not tired when you're winning. You're tired when you're losing. That once you start to win, you get to find unlimited energy from the universe from somewhere and you just continue to push forward no matter how hard it is. Winning is easy. It's trying to turn around when you're losing that is difficult. You take this lesson from boxing and you apply it to everything else in life. You apply it to money and say once I start to make money, I know I will have endless motivation to keep making money. It's just hard to make money in the first place. It's hard to get over that hurdle. But once I get going, it's easy.  a positive reinforcement loop. It's a spiral upwards into infinity. It's tornado that takes you to the promised land. So to have that unique psychological conclusion, that unique psychological input, you had to become good at boxing. You have become good at lots of different things to come up with unique perspectives, which cannot be replicated by the machine mind in the modern age, especially in the coming years. So it's very important that you're good at everything you do all of the time. Don't do it if you're not going to try. It's actually a bad habit. It's kind of like sloppiness. When I was teaching people to fight, in fact, I was always a terrible teacher. I never used to give people advice on how to fight because people were just so stupid. I couldn't handle it. But you don't want people to learn bad habits. But it's a bad habit to coast. It's a bad habit to spend time and waste it. It's a bad habit to go, ah, I tried. I went.  I didn't give it my all, but at least I went. You see this kind of cope online all the time? Yeah, at least I went. It's going that matters. That's not true. It's trying that matters. So you see this kind of cope? Oh yeah, well, I didn't feel like going to the gym, but I went and just had a light session. Why? You went anyway. So why did you give a light session? Are you gay? Is it because you're gay? Is that why? If you're going to go, do it. If you're going to do it, do it right. There's no point in half doing anything. You may as well have not done it all. So this idea you can coast through things, this idea you can lazily try or pretend to try or just showing up counts. I dispute all of that absolutely. You give 100% of your heart, soul and vigor to anything you do, and it becomes  habit so that it's all you know how to do before you know what you're driving a car trying to do it as well as possible and you're having a conversation trying to be as clear and compenduous and concise as possible and you're trying to make money as much as possible as efficiently as possible and you're trying to educate your children as well as possible you're trying to protect your family as much as possible you're trying to get as strong as possible because all you know is maximum limits that's all you've ever done you've never done any of this you know that garbage can go out the window so you need to get good at getting good at things and you need to get good at trying 100% at all things whether you like them or not and this will give you a base level of competency in all realms even if you're not in love with said task next question how do you deal with headaches to be able to perform at your people it's not often I take questions from the LGBT community but we're going to take this I don't think most of you realize  That you do not have time. Everything is time. Time can be converted into anything. We all know time can be converted into money. People say often, time is money. This is true. Money is also time. You spend money to save time. Time is the enemy of the rich man, so he takes a private jet to save time. Money is the enemy of a poor man, so he waits for the bus to save money. But they're the same thing money in time. Most of you sacrifice your time for money. If I vote to work for X amount of hours, I get X amount of money. And that money you can use to hire somebody else to do something for you and give you their time. That's all cash is. If I need a thousand man hours, I can do them myself and spend my time. Or I can spend my money and hire a thousand man hours. And this is what's interesting about the fact we're talking about centralizations of power. These larger and larger companies are going to become harder and harder to compete with, because the amount of man hours and energy.  which is done under their name, under their umbrella, in guise of ensuring the global conquest of their brain. Each day is accelerated. These companies have hundreds of thousands of employees all doing 12-hour days. That's millions and millions and millions of man hours dedicated towards a single brand. And you're one person by yourself putting in a few hours a day trying to compete. It's going to become harder and harder. They're going to get further and further ahead of you. That's why we teach you inside of the real world to use our official intelligence. We have a whole AI campus. So you can get a machine helper to help you do the work. If you're sitting here watching this and you're not currently making money with the machine mind, then you're failing. Because you can join the real world.com and learn how to use the machines to earn money. I use AI for everything. But if you're refused to learn, then you deserve the eternal slavery, which is coming for you, and your bloodline. This is going to happen. There's no way to escape it.  right? So when I say you don't have time this is something you need to remember because it's extremely important and you can apply it to most things. You do not have time to have a headache. Do you understand? I'm not saying you don't have a headache. I'm not saying your head doesn't hurt. You get that you know. That's funny. It could be gay. Some people are gay. But you don't have time for it to affect your life. You do not have the waking hours. You are being outcompeted and crushed by people who have no interest in your sovereign capabilities as a human to make free choice by people who intend to enslave you, by people who are more powerful, more connected than you'll possibly ever be, by people who know things you do not know. You do not have time to have a headache. It's simply not acceptable. How do you perform when you have headaches is a stupid question. The fact you've even framed it in that way shows that you don't understand the world.  I'll give you another example. You don't have time to argue with your woman. Your woman started an argument today, or yesterday, whatever. And you've been texting back and forth. You don't have time. You have things to do. This unlimited work in the universe. If you don't know what work to do, join the real world. We'll give you the work. We'll guarantee you money. We'll guarantee you success. Take that money, join the war room. Take that money by Daddycoin. Wait for it to blow up. That's going to stake. Increase your power level. And you can be a multi-millionaire. You don't have time to have headache, or message stupid girls, or scroll Instagram, or DM whores. You don't have time for any of these things. Time is your lifeblood. It's all you've got. You can turn time into reputation. You can turn time into global fame. You can turn time into respect. You can turn time into a fantastic body. You can do anything with your time. You could choose a random embassy. You could choose a random country.  that you have beef with. I don't know. Chili. And you can go stand outside the chili and embassy with a sign saying down with chili. For no reason. But if you stood there every single day, after about two years people would be like, who is this guy and why does he hate chili so much? You can convert two years of your time into a BBC news interview to begin a global conversation on the terrible history and colonial past and the horrible things that chili have done, which is not currently discussed. You can turn your time into anything you want. So how are you going to waste it sitting around saying, I have a headache. Boo, boo, I have a headache. Are you gay? Maybe you're gay. But the question is framed incorrectly. If I have a headache, I don't care. And one of the main reasons I don't care is because my enemy doesn't care. You know, when I got injured when I was training for fights, my coach was rough and say to me, is your enemy?  going to hit you less or show you mercy because of this injury. If you say, okay, we're about to fight, but halfway through the training camp, I hurt my my foot, so you know, take it easy. No, he's going to try and destroy me anyway. So if he doesn't care, why do I care? And why does my coach care? Nobody cares. The people who are trying to steal your woman, trust me, everyone is. The people who are trying to take the money that you want to earn and put it in their pocket before you can. The people who want to have large and gorgeous feathers on their peacock to show the world all the amazing things they've done. They don't care that you have a headache. So why do you care? You need to reprogram your mind. You don't have time to have a headache. You don't have time to be doing the majority of things you do. If I'm timing myself drinking water to try and do it as quickly as possible, you certainly don't have time to sit around talking about a boo-boo inside your head. That makes you gay.  And there's always been and always will be tears, right? There's always going to be a hierarchy. There's going to be different echelons of success. There's always going to be kings, emperors, all the garks, and there's going to be the peasants below. It is your job to try your very best to escape peasantry. Even if you don't reach the highest possible level, at least escape peasantry. We were talking earlier about competence, right? We can talk about that again. Do you think a woman sees you as competent if you complain about having a headache? Let's say you have a headache. It's fine. You have a headache. Not disputing that. Maybe it really hurts. That's terrible. If you go, oh, I've got such a bad headache. Do you think a woman looks at you and goes, yes. Oh, I found the guy for me. She may not say anything. She may say, oh, do you want a pill? But really deep down in her vagina, she's thinking, this guy's a dickhead. I mean, if you got hit in the head with a hammer or shot in the face, fine. But why do you have a headache?  From what? Scrolling TikTok and then you want to message me and ask why you can't win in the real world a lot of you deserve the failure you endure The universe is very giving I often believe people say the world is not fair I'd argue that Comic retributions and in the long run all and all is pretty fair That's why I made all of this clear when I launched daddy coin and I refused to scam anyone I said no because I believe in comic retributions. I believe if I do the right thing and stick by my coin It's gonna go to a billion because I'm gonna push it for the next 10 years It's gonna go to a billion it has to there's no way it can't I'll be free and I'll do a global tour and we'll fill up stadiums and it's gonna go to a billion dollars Comic retributions are real in the end God gives you exactly what you deserve So if you're not happy with your life You have to ask yourself do you really deserve more? Have you really tried 100% of the time did you ignore that headache are you as come  but then as you could possibly be. Have you given 100% every time you've done anything? No. You deserve what you have. You deserve your mediocracy. Because you're an average person. You want a Lambo in these women and a bow and whatever else you want because you see on Instagram, but wanting something and deserving something are very different things. If you truly deserved it, you'd be working for it in a way that ensures it would be given to you by the universe. Every single thing I've ever wanted, I have got. Maybe not instantly, maybe not easily. In fact, certainly not both. It was always difficult and it always took time. But I really wanted them so I always got them. And I put in enough work to show God and show the universe I deserve them. So he gave them to me. I cannot remember a single time. And I state this as a matter of fact. This is not hyperbolic. This is not top G-joking. I cannot remember a single time I have ever decided not to do something that must be done because I had had it ever. Ever.  So your question is gay. You do not have time to have head ins. It's a stupid question. And you should know better. Let's read these super chats quickly guys. I'm a council member. The council are a select group of students inside of the real world who are the highest possible echelon of achievement and networking. My buddy Chris is struggling with females right now. Should he stay with a woman who treats him terribly? It'll impact him a lot coming from you. Well, I don't know the ins and outs of his entire scenario. I don't know his entire situation. Right. I don't know all the ups and downs who this woman is. Why should you treat some terribly, etc. But what did I just say about deserve? So he has to decide does he deserve the treatment he's currently getting? Maybe he does. Maybe he doesn't. Is she being terrible to him because he's sitting around since he has a headache?  the last gay boy who just asked me a question. Maybe he deserves a woman who doesn't respect him to try and encourage him. Maybe her attacking him is an attempt to inspire him to be his best self. Maybe he deserves. All right. Maybe he deserves the treatment he's currently getting. Maybe he doesn't. So what a law of it's about is deservedness. It comes down to whether your friend deserves the treatment or not. He has to be honest with himself, honest with you, and you have to be honest with him and say, listen, bro, you deserve what you're getting. What is this? Oh, fine. Thanks. So I, I, I'm buying. So it's very difficult for me to answer this question.  What I would say is that if he didn't deserve the treatment he's getting he wouldn't accept it and I can say that as a matter of fact because when you tolerate something you're admitting you deserve it Do you understand how it can be a self-fulfilling prophecy? If you tolerate something you're admitting you deserve that thing If he knew in his heart he deserved better and he was adamant of it He would have no problem leaving her because he know he can do better But perhaps he's thinking maybe I can't do better because maybe this is all I deserve You're gonna get exactly what you deserve in life from women, from masculine friendship, financially, respect on the street, luck You get the luck you deserve If you try your very best and all things you pray and you're really thankful to God and you say thank you all the time You start to become very lucky Lucky things start to happen You get the luck you deserve when you try It's truly remarkable  next super chat. Does the war room have a network in Romania? I'm based in Romania and trying really hard to find like minded men to help them grow. Yeah, 100% we do. We have a network nearly everywhere. We just finished an event today in Marbella. We have two events a week all around the globe. Malaysia, Singapore, to Miami, Alaska, Wales, UK, all across Europe, South Africa, with the largest online fraternity of masculine brotherhood in the world. And we do have a huge network in Romania. Of course, I'm here in Romania myself. You can find more about the war room at cobertape.com. But masculine brotherhood has been the basis of keeping you accountable since the dawn of human time, right? The reason men charge at the gun fires because everyone else charged at the gunfire and they don't want to be the only place you doesn't do it. It's very easy for you to become the best version of yourself of all the men around you are pushing you all at the time. And they're ensuring that they are being their best selves. You're supposed to operate in a gang and an army in a unit which is constantly pushing and striving towards  successes. This is what you're supposed to do. You always have. This is why even boxers, when they, although they fight alone, they train as part of a camp with other boxers. You're always pushing yourself all at the time. That's the primary objective of masculinity is to leave your mark on the world. It's easiest to do that if you have brothers behind you who are pushing you to be your best self. That's what the war room is for. So we have networks everywhere you can find out more about the war room at Covertite.com. I'll show you some videos from Malaysia at the end of the stream. Super chat. I'm 16 from Romania. Make about 20 K a month. Congratulations. 20 K a month at 16 is incredible money. Absolutely incredible. It's actually amazing that you guys can make this kind of money because when I was 16 there was no internet money. There was no Facebook. There was no YouTube. There was no anything. When I was 16, nobody made 20 K a month. Bankers didn't make 20 K a month. Rich 50 year old men didn't make 20 K a month. There was no crypto. There was nothing. When I was 16, there was minimum wage jobs. That is it. We're living in a degree of social mobility that never existed before.  the 16 year olds can make this kind of money online is truly incredible. Think about it. Absolutely remarkable. I'm inside the real world council. I don't see the point of going to school anymore since I learned nothing. What are your thoughts? Well, I don't know what you're doing for money, but the first thing you need to do is diversify. You need to go inside the real world, you need to focus. I need to learn other ways to make money so you have backups. I don't know what you're doing to make money. I'm not going to take it to school, but education and learning and improving yourself and bettering yourself never ends. That is a path which even I'm still on at the ripe old age of 37. So if you feel like school isn't teaching you anything that's fine, but you need to then find a place where you can learn something. You can go to the fight gym and learn all about philosophy, by getting your ass kicked. You can join the war room and learn all about masculine brotherhood and competition. We just had the crucible today in Marbella. I'll put videos up shortly. But you need to be constantly educating, push yourself and evolving because you're only 16 or still a child. Your educational days are not over. They've only just begun, sir.  What are my thoughts on Trump getting shot at and floored it today? The real world student here. Just complete my first kickboxing session yesterday. My evolution has begun. Thank you for notting the fire in my blood. Congratulations, sir. I hope you take it very seriously when you're training like we were saying earlier today. Trump's in a very precarious scenario and he's in a very precarious position and I think he knows he is. The whole Western world is. The Western world is currently balancing on the precipice. And the divide in the Western world is basically between people who take self accountability and want to be in charge of their own lives. And the other side of people who want someone else to be in charge and them to fix their problems for them. And anyone who is competent and capable, trust themselves over they trust anyone else because they know other people are self-interested. There's never going to be somebody who wakes up and thinks I need to dedicate my life to making that person's life better. And I don't care about myself. I only care about improving that one person's life. I'm going to save up and buy for our refuson. That's not how it works. The people who are competent think I trust myself to improve my life because nobody  to care about it as much as me. But people who are not competent want some other competent person in charge, even worse, they'll say, I want this person in charge of my life, even though that person isn't competent at all, they just want to absorb responsibility. So this is the position we're currently in in the west. You have the two teams of people who want to be left alone, and left with their own devices, and people who want big, dot, daddy or mommy government to come along and fix every single ailment they believe that is afflicting them. And it's becoming more and more scary. And the reason it's scary is because as the world gets harder and harder and people struggle to prove their competence, as people struggle to succeed, more and more people are going to advocate towards government come help me advocate towards the nanny state. And what the government is simply going to do is enslave everybody. That's all it's going to do. It doesn't have any interest in making you all free individuals. There's no interest in sitting there going, how do we make everybody free and happy and rich? No. It wants you all to be enslaved doing exactly as it says, doing its bidding. That's the end goal of the government.  So Trump is perhaps the last hope of the Western world, but even if Trump wins, he can only delay the raw. I don't think he can stop it or turn it around. What's gonna happen after Trump is gone? A lot of people here watching, there's a 16, 18, 19 years old, you're gonna be see five or six more presidents before your my age. Who are they even gonna be? Nobody knows. Are they gonna be as charismatic as Trump? I doubt it. As capable as Trump, I doubt it. It's politics is over. The Western world has a lot of enemies which are uniting against it, bricks in the global south, the second world, a lot is coming for America now and the West as we know it. Times are gonna get hard. What did I say about making the brave choice? What did I say about having a mask of the network inside of the war room? What did I say about making as much money inside of the real world? What did I say about being the kind of person who is unique and can out compete in AI because they have so many unique experiences across the board? What did I say about doing the best every single time you do anything you're gonna do? You may as well attack it with a hundred percent figure. Now is the time to turn your egg.  game on. And it's a very unique period of human history because not only is it the time to turn your A game on because it's acquired it's also a time where 16 year olds can make 20 grind a month inside the real world. It's incredible. When I was 16 it was impossible to make that money. It was truly impossible. This is a short gap in humanity where anyone can become rich all you have to do is try. Now and now only is a period of human history where anybody can become rich if they dedicate themselves. That's it. If you don't dedicate yourselves now there's no point trying to dedicate yourself later when the gate is closed. The gate is open. It's a prison break. You can escape the jail right now. But as soon all social mobility will be completely destroyed. They're going to close the gate and clamp you down in that little slave corner and you're going to stay there and so is your bloodline for eternity. A couple more superchats guys. Who should you become before you get rich? I'm 18 years old in the school doing door to door sales, boxing and learning marketing.  Fantastic. Those are amazing skills. Life is sales. Convincing a woman to love you as sales. Winning a court case is sales. Work is sales. Life is sales. So fantastic things to learn. Boxing once again. Fantastic things to learn. It's very good. Your body and mind are connected. You don't have a strong mind without having a strong body. Fantastic. Who should you be before you become rich? Well, money is an amplifier. Money's not going to change who you are. It's going to amplify who you are. If you're a good person, I'll make you a very good person. If you're a bad person, I'll make you a very bad person. If you're a weak person, I'll make you very weak and cowardly and scared. If you're a rich, if you're a strong person, I'll make you very brave. Money amplifies. So you actually kind of have to hope that you don't get rich too early before you've struggled enough because a matter of bill on the back of struggle. You have to go through pain and terrible things as a man and struggle constantly to be a good man. No man who has not struggled is a good man or good at being a man. But don't worry, I think God is a plan for you. You should be trying your absolute best to get rich all the time. You should be struggling.  working as hard as possible. And all those lessons that will come with all the suffering and the difficulty will be amplified by the time you're a multi-millionaire and you become the best version of yourself. That's how you become a top G. You just need to wake up every day and be prepared to give 100% focus to all of the things you do. That's all you have to worry about. It's kind of like if you worry about the work the results the results come the results are easy guys money is easy money is easy women are easy the life you want is easy all you have to do is fall in love with the work if you fall in love with the work fall in love with being good at doing your work getting it done never missing a day because it's the easiest way to make sure you never miss a lucky day is to try every single day lucky days exist and you're never going to know if you have a lucky day or not unless you try every single day then you're never going to miss any lucky days and you're going to pull it off and you're going to realize it wasn't actually that difficult all took a Wisconsin state consistency and constant effort never being lazy and doing everything I'm supposed to do properly  Alright, we have a lot of super chats here. I'm gonna save some of them for the next emergency meeting. I'm gonna read out this $300 one. Success is like being pregnant. Everyone says congratulations, but nobody knows how many times you get fucked. Unless you're gay, truly, thanks. Cheers from the Canada crew. Absolutely. But that's the beauty of success, right? Because all the times you get fucked, teach you the lessons you need to be successful in the first place. You would never be successful without getting screwed over. And also, you wouldn't be happy with your success without getting screwed over. The reason you appreciate that woman who's so good to you, who you trust with all your heart, who's loyal to you is because that other woman cheated on you. If you had never seen a terrible, narcissistic, cheating woman, you wouldn't appreciate a good, kind, hard one. There's no light without dark. So it's very important that you go through these bad things, one to learn lessons. Big facts. But two to learn gratitude and appreciation for things once you have them.  It's extremely important. Every time something bad happens to you, you need to say thank you to God. Thank you, God, for giving me this difficult time for me to learn lessons and for me to have... Praise Him. More appreciation for my fantastic life in the future. That's how you should approach life. Amen. And especially success is exactly the same way. The lessons you'll learn failing along the way will ensure that when you get to the top, you can keep it. Read another super chat here. Amen. It's not the real world. I live in a violent household. This affects my work inside the real world. Should I get apartment with my 8K or should I buy daddy and wait for it to blow up? I don't know what violent household means. I don't know where you live. It's very difficult for me to answer these questions. But I will say... Peace of mind is important, of course. Of course it is. I don't know what you mean by a violent household. It's very difficult for me to answer that question. But... What's the bravest choice?  I don't know your scenario. Do you think this household could be salvaged? Have you had adult conversations with people? Have you tried to explain this and I'm making money online now? There's nothing to fight about. Our financial problems, I'm gonna fix them. We're a family. I don't know. I don't know. I think a lot of situations are more fixable and more salvageable than people want to pretend they are. Running away is great. And when things about running away, but a lot of things can be fixed most of the time. You know your scenario better than me friend but it's something to consider. Guys, I'm gonna go through a couple more questions that was sent to me and we're gonna save the Super Chats for next time. Sometimes I find myself purposely falling off just to feel the fire of shame so I can work. I don't know how to keep that fire going. What should I do? This is a really interesting question actually because it amazes me.  That so many people in the world still today, even though we have instant access via social media to the truth is successful. Believe anything they've done matters. So you've made a hundred grand. You're still poor. That's nothing. That is nothing. 100 grand is nothing. It is my cigar bill for a month. It's nothing. You fucked a girl. You're still gay. You've changed nothing. You've achieved nothing. You need to compare yourself without performing it.