 Hello friends, welcome to End of Deaths another video Hello family friends and fans Today today certainly been an interesting day hasn't it it has been quite an interesting day and Although the battle is not 100% complete We have some paperwork to finish some Eyes to dot and some teas to cross the fact that the first file has been dismissed all the other garbage files They launched around this file just trying to muddy the waters Will ensure that it'll take a few weeks a few months whatever coming months to get free Oh, you're you're here to talk about the case Is that why you're here on this emergency mean actually no? I'm here to talk about law fair so one at home knows what happened to us and why they could do it to them exactly the same Even though they're innocent. Well, I'm not here for that. I'm not even here to talk about law fair I'm not here for anything. I am here because today of The thousands of viewers joining us around the world I just know I have a feeling deep in my soul that we have a few special viewers Andrew Interesting  few special viewers who are very important people in twined in the lives and in twined in the events that I've gone on in my life over the last few years. And they're watching this wondering what I'm going to say. I mean, legally now I could talk about them. I could do all sorts of things. And they're nervous. And I would like to reassure these people. I'm here for one reason and one reason only on today's emergency being to let you know that you don't have to worry about a thing. But you are going to jail. You're going to jail. And for those of you watching my special viewers who are not going to jail, I'm going to financially bankrupt you. You know that house, your mother owns your father or uncle where you live your business. I'm gonna take everything you have. And some of you are in fact going to jail. Now I know what you're thinking Andrew. Well jail, that's all that bad. jail is fun. But hear me out. Okay. It's only fun for me and you because we're tough guys. We're fucking tough. These people aren't tough.  They can handle it like they are not tough guys and tough girls. No, they're gonna be They're gonna have a horrible time in jail But they are going so the whole purpose of me coming here today is to drink champagne Smoke my cigar you could talk about Paul Cashmogcast Law Fair I just want to remind a few special viewers who I know are watching tonight That you are going to jail or losing your job or losing your business and or house Thank you I will take your house and I'll burn it to the ground. I don't need your house, but I'm taking it I mean yeah, I mean that is gonna happen so I think they are going to jail They are going to jail. So let's let's put up this whiteboard guys I want to explain to you all something very important We're gonna do a quick run through of law fair and I know that this case has been going on for a long time So a lot of you may be slightly battle fatigued from it trust me. We are too Also a lot of the updates seem to not be making much sense once again the Romanian judicial system is  unique animal to try and navigate. However, the first file is dismissed. We have a second file to be and there's some offshoot garbage from this first file but the mother's ship has been destroyed and from here it's simply a matter of admin until we're released. Yeah, I mean what I will say is it's very important to note this. They charged us with all these crimes, were charged with this, charged with that all of our charges have been dismissed, all of them. Oh, but they're investigating you for X, Y and Z. Oh, what they started again at zero. Of course they did because they're desperate and they're going to lose their jobs. But all charges against us have been dropped. There's an a single thing I'm charged with criminally anywhere in the world right now. It's true, you're currently not charged and you currently have no criminal record. Yeah, as it stands now, you have no charges against you, no indictments against you and no criminal record against you. You're right. I do have a civil finding for a tax evasion though. It's it was a misunderstanding, Andrew. I take full responsibility. You see?  It turns out England wanted me to pay my tax, but I thought they said don't worry about it relax. Ah, and you know how my hearing is a little bit off sometimes. So that taxing, the civil, that was a misunderstanding. My bad, I thought they said don't worry about it relax. I go to swear they said relax too to be honest. Yeah, I mean, I thought they said, I thought they said, no, no, no. What they actually said was, you're rich, you have to pay your fair share. But I, I heard don't worry about the cash I don't care. Nice, nice. It was a simple misunderstanding. So yes, I have civilly been found liable for tax evasion. Whoops. See, what they said was we need to pay the money. But I thought they said you and your brother are really funny. Hmm. That's what I heard. So I was like, okay, well obviously we're funny, so no problem. Exactly, you know, exactly.  We're both thinking of Ryan I thought they said What they actually said was pay your taxes is you're gonna end up with a civil charge But I heard why don't you take your money and go and live large nice nice and we did do that We did we did it's a misunderstanding. I miss heard them so we did listen, but as you know Everyone watching for the matrix those of you who are going to jail and those of you are not Everyone hates tax evaders. I mean everyone I know has said to me Tristan I can no longer be your fan because you accidentally didn't pay some tax As you know that's happened millions of times. I lost all my fans. It's not like everyone cares It's not like everybody realizes their government a corrupt and they waste all the money on garbage anyway And anybody who's rich tries not to pay tax as much as possible And all the large corporations in the world don't pay tax and all the large celebrities in the world don't pay tax And all these big international stop-pay tax politicians don't pay tax All the rich people have never paid tax ever which is why they made the tax code  So difficult on purpose. It's not like people understand that. No, in fact, it's not like we've been getting thousands of messages saying don't pay them, they just use it for bombs to drop on guys and children anyway. Yeah. So yeah, it's a shame we misunderstood them and misheard them, but that's how it goes, I guess. Yeah, because what they actually said was you've had to pay up to HMRC, but what I heard was don't worry about the money, let's just let it be. Lawfare, misunderstanding. Misunderstanding, it happens. Lawfare, ladies and gentlemen, I don't explain to you the lawfare playbook head to toe. I know you think you already know it, but I'm gonna give you some details. When this case is over and when we can find a guy of Romania, we're gonna explain to you everything that happened in our criminal pursuit. That is gonna be part of our counter attack, which is gonna be extremely important for you to understand all the different elements and all the different players have been involved in trying to destroy our lives and have been failed. They have been usurped, thwarted, thwarted, great word. Thwarted by an honest judge who sticks to the law and you're in the Romanian state, so.  Huge credit to her. Her end here. Her end here. Huge credit. So law fair. I want to explain something to you guys. When you are a child, please put the password in here. When you are a child, you believe that adults are good people because you're taught to respect adults. But when you grow up, you realize that adults are not all good people. Some adults are good. Some adults are bad. So let's have a logical extension of this argument. If people are a mix of both good and bad, and sometimes good people in said scenario becomes a bad person because of stress or power or money, hungry, whatever, whereas a bad person in said scenario becomes a good person, say a murderer who protects someone on the street. It's actually very difficult to think of humans as angels, as completely white. We're all flawed and it's varying shades of gray. So if you have a profession, any profession where you have thousands of people doing said job, you will also have certain people when they...  in that profession who are corrupted. So if you have 10,000 doctors, some of those doctors are corrupt. You have 10,000 police officers, some of those police officers are corrupt. You have 10,000 lawyers, 10,000 judges, it goes on and on. People are not perfect. So the standard law fair playbook, and the reason I wanna go through this is so I can highlight to you at home, one, how difficult it's been for us to survive, two, how crushed you would have been, and three, how you being innocent does not prevent any of these things happening to you, because the idea of innocent until proven guilty, that we like to purport in the West, is actually a fallacy, because the process is the punishment in and of itself. So what they have to do is find a prosecutor who doesn't care about justice and wants money, fame, a promotion, doesn't like you for showing off, you cut him up in traffic, you took his parking space, he has a personal vendetta against you, you fucked his girlfriend, it doesn't matter what it is. With enough prosecutors, they can find somebody who's not politically aligned with you, who just likes you.  for your skin color, for the jokes you make, it doesn't matter what it is. So in Trump's case they found that Fanny, May, whatever that fat black bitches name was. In my case they found two people. Can't say their names. Yet. Yet. But they found two people. And in our case the prosecutors were obsessed with money. They were very very upset that we were wealthy and that they were not wealthy and they had a succession with money and trying to get their hands on money. So they found money hungry prosecutors inside of a Romania. And let me remind you this is not a Romanian problem. Every single country in the world has corruptible people in every single profession. So there's no time in history where a law fair attack cannot find a corrupt prosecutor to begin and instigate the attack. This is always perfectly doable. So we've written down here, I know the glare is a bit hard for you to see, but I've written down here the top corrupt prosecutor. A corrupt prosecutor can be instigated. A corrupt prosecutor can be insur-  Structed and can instigate an investigation against anybody on the planet without a guilty verdict of course because that's how Investigations work you have to be investigating before you found guilty. So I'm gonna right here next to this I'm gonna put a star next to it because I'm gonna show you how all of these stages where you can be innocent I'll completely innocent man who's done nothing wrong in his life can have a corrupt Prosecutor instructed to try and destroy his life You're still innocent at this point You're still innocent at the point that the prosecutors instructed next What they have to do is create a file filled with lies to get warrants Lies can also be gross Exaggerations now. It's not very difficult for anybody a prosecutor to go through your entire life Look at everything you've ever done every comment you've ever made every like you've ever posted every retweet You've ever done contact every ex girlfriend you've ever had and you and you've ever known that time you drove too fast All the CCTV of you anywhere ever get your  hold of your WhatsApp messages by subpoenaing meta, don't use WhatsApp, use signal, getting hold of all of this, and putting together the story of you as a bad person. I'll give you an example. In the second file that is even more bullshit in the first file, there is somebody in the file of woman. CP, her initials are. And she's been listed as, not a victim, a potential victim of me, a potential victim, can you imagine? So because he's a potential victim, of course she's a potential victim, because I know her, large sums of money have been transferred between mine and her bank account. Suspicious. And I've been abroad with her. Suspicious. Therefore, potential victim of human trafficking, because as per file number one, which has been thrown out, I'm a human trafficker aren't I? So she's a potential victim. They're child support payments because she has my daughter. But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. They find a person. That is in the second file by the way. Oh, you wait for this one to get thrown out, find out how stupid this is. They find a person, they say you've been abroad with them, they say that you transfer money in and out of this person, they say that you're a bad guy.  because you've been indicted for something before. They put all this garbage together so they can lie to get warrants. After they get warrants, they rage your house. Here's where they're looking to do two things. So, lie for warrants. Lie for warrants. You're going to jail. I know you're watching. I hope you like jail. You'll take all your money. At this point, you are still innocent. You've not committed any crime they've lied for warrants. Then what they're going to do is arrest you in a house raid and seize all of your assets. You are still innocent. You have not been found guilty of any crime. At this point, you are still innocent. This is how law fair works. Then they arrest you and seize all of your assets. So they rage your house and they're looking for two things. Money and evidence of crimes. So the house raid. Rade? You're going to, your house raided. Your house is going to get raided. Money and you're going to jail.  They're looking for money and evidence. They want to take your money so you can't afford a lawyer. And the idea behind taking all of your money, all of your assets, all of your expensive things, is so that time is on their side. Because as a human, you cannot survive without money. You have to pay your bills. The economic game is a game we must all take part in. So by bankrupting you, before seizing information that they believe may incriminate you, you do not have the possibility to defend yourself or earn a living, which makes you desperate and more likely to cooperate with them because you're hoping it will end sooner. So they steal all of your money and then they start looking for evidence of crimes. Primarily, they look for electronics. Laptops, phones, every conversation you've ever had. Remember, they can raid your house for crime A. They can say you fucking murdered someone and they can find no evidence of that. But after the raid, they can indict you.  for crime B, they can say you sold drugs. So they can make up any lies they need to get the warrants. And then after they rage your house, they can forget all those lies, they can forget what they're even looking for, they can throw that away and just look for something else you might have done at the same time bankrupt you absolutely. You are of course still at this stage innocent because you've yet to have been proven guilty of any crime. You know, none of this is going to help you. Yes, you. I have all the evidence I need to put you in jail. Lose your job, take your stuff, civil criminal, all of you. You know who you are. This is going to help you. I have all I need already. Enjoy jail. Then what they do is they coordinate with the media of your high profile, pay person to damage your reputation, damage your influence, damage your likeability to slander you and they work hand in hand because the media is simply the propaganda arm of the government.  So then they will start printing heinous things about you saying, ah, this person's house was rated because they're a murderer or human trafficker or a rapist. We had to go in their house because they're suspected of and they start to slander you and the sheep people in the world believe the news, even after COVID for some reason. So the slander machine goes into action at this stage, you've still not been found guilty of a crime, but the slander machine activates. And when it comes out, what it's trying to do is make the population accept your mis-treatment as a moral exercise of the state because you are evil. Is that what you're looking for? Perfectly so. Thank you, my friend. Can't wait to see you on the newspapers arrested, crapping yourself, enjoy jail. So they're trying to prepare the public to accept you having your life destroyed because you have still not been found guilty of a crime. That's why the media machine goes into overd-  drive with the arrest. So it's all done in synchronicity. They take your money, they look for evidence, and they tell everyone you're a bad guy and you deserve it. And they do all of those things so that nobody says, wait, why are we treating this person so badly? Let's see hard evidence. In our case, nobody was asking to see hard evidence when we were arrested. They're just like, ah, they must have done it. No one asked to see a girl, no one asked to see a bruise, no one asked to see a medical report, no one asked to see any evidence because the media was just saying bad things and people are so stupid they believe them. You know what's funny to prove a point? You know why I got so dressed up today? I was actually dressed in a different suit before this, but I was dressed up because when we get arrested when they come and take our stuff, when we get our house raided outside the gate, there's about what, four million news cameras from every camera in the world. Today I woke up slightly nervous. The judge gives her a decision. This is for shit. The file's going away. There's no case. It's not going to trial. I went and showered. You remember like a jackass put on a suit, put on a nice one.  and waited for the media to show up outside my game. Fucking crickets, not one camera showed up the day I was exonerated, not one, but they're all there like leeches, like piranhas, the day they pick you up, you better believe it. They are there to slander your name and as soon as you're found innocent, they don't want to even print the story. So they don't even show up, they don't care because their job is to damage your influence. Please remember, at this point you are still innocent of any crimes. When the media machine starts attacking you, you've yet to be convicted. So imagine this scenario, I want you guys at home to imagine this. You're living your life right now, tomorrow morning. A corrupt prosecutor gets instructed. In a couple of weeks, he gets the warrants he needs based on lies. Then they rage your house to steal all of your money, steal all of your electronics and look for crimes. And then the media starts to say bad things about you. Now in our position, we're actually quite fortunate because my brother and I lived very clean lives. Most of you at home watch porn, probably fuck the dude in college and some gay shit. Most of you have...  skeletons in your closet. They find those out and they put them in the news to embarrass and discredit you. They can't do that with us because we've never done anything wrong. Now the news is not supposed to have access to any of this by the way but the news got access to every single case file against us, kinky text messages, things that are supposed to embarrass us but you're right. If there was a pornography on my devices, if I had ever said anything that was very heinous or very illegal that would be in the public news. They want to embarrass you and humiliate you and build up this image of you pre-trial because in most civilized countries like America who ends up judging you a jury of your peers. Now if you see all sorts of heinous, perverted, weird shit people learn to how would Hunter of Biden have fared at trial without his magical pardon with his crack and his hookers and everything we've seen. I mean he was actually a career criminal but they'll slander you as much as they can because they know you'll be judged by a jury of your peers and they want to convince people before the case even gets  It's going so the media is actually trying to print the worst things about you And if you have a brain and you understand that for four years They've been trying to print bad things about Tristan and I and they can't really find very much Oh a few edgy jokes locker room talk. Yeah, who cares? Nothing we're cleaner than 99.9% of people walking down the street the people you walk past every day Are not as clean as us because if they went through what we've been through you see all kinds of weird porn and weird fucking jerk And off videos and all kinds of fucking dumb shit that people are into we don't do anything So at this point you're still innocent then what they will do is spam social media Say that you're dangerous and try and get social media to ban you for being a dangerous individual Sighting the media as a reference point so that you can't defend yourself and fight against these narratives So as the media says you're a bad person if you try and say on social media you're a good person They'll try and take your social media accounts away so you can't fight the narrative and it works And I want to personally thank Chris and Elon for giving me the  from to speak because if I did not have rumble and I did not have X I could not defend myself against these allegations. So Elon and Chris are on the right side of history not because they're my haters will say platforming criminals I have a clean criminal record but they're giving a man the ability to speak his mind tell his side of the story and defend himself. For Chris Elon you're watching God bless you gentlemen. Absolutely. I appreciate you very much. Gentlemen please sign up for rumble premium please show some support and respect for this platform they support us to wholeway through and also to X they've allowed us to talk freely and make everybody realize that this is a matrix attack and a setup. If we did not have rumble if we did not have X and it was only the mainstream media printing about our case the narrative would be very very different. So we now live in a world where you have rumble you have X you have a place you can defend yourself but most of the time you're not allowed to do that and in other countries like Australia for example they don't allow you to post on social media by law so when the media starts to slander you they say if you post on social media you go to  They remove your bail for posting on social media. So even though they can't control Rumble and X, what they'll do in other countries is say you can't post it all, because they only want their version of the story out. Please remember, at this point, you have still not been found guilty of a crime, although your life is effectively destroyed. Then what they're gonna do is try and ensure you lose your job. So it doesn't matter if you have a job, they're gonna make sure you get fired. But if you own your own company, they're gonna subpoena, and they're gonna attack all of your payment processing, your banking, all of your suppliers, everyone who works with you, and try and take away your ability for you to run a company, because they want to bankrupt you. For the same reason they want to take all of your money in the first raid, they don't want you to continue to make money. So then they're gonna send letters to Stripe or whoever else to say, this person's under investigation of this terrible crime. The media is saying this person is dangerous. This person might go to jail for doing these things. We don't think you should work with them. And it's very important because business is.  aren't required to operate under innocent until proven guilty. Businesses don't really care. It businesses get heat for supporting someone. There's very few companies outside of rumble and outside of X, which will take the heat to support that person. Because I'm sure they go heat. I'm sure I'll probably not eat on a crisp personally, but I'm sure the customer service is the help desk. I'm sure they go all sorts of emails of, you shouldn't be platforming these guys, because that's the media says they're human traffickers. Well, so if you're working with anybody, if you have discord, Gmail, if you have a supply, Patreon, Amazon, YouTube, PayPal, Stripe, YouTube, you know, Gumroad, WhatsApp, anything, they're gonna delete you so you can't make money anymore. And they're gonna do that because they don't want to have all the pressure of the media, because the media will make sure they delete you, because what the media will say is, even though Andrew Tate or whoever has been charged with these terrible crimes, this company's Stripe is still working.  working with him. Why? And then they'll start digging into all the bad things about this company. And basically all the bad press that comes with allowing you to use them isn't worth it for them because they don't know of your innocent. They don't know of your guilty. They're a company. They need to make money and they don't want the press. So as soon as the bad press comes, they all abandon you except for Rumble who stood by us the entire time. You shout out to Chris and except for X. These are the only places you can rely on that and not turning on you and betraying you. When we were arrested, they deleted our Instagrams, deleted our Facebooks, deleted our domain name. I will say, I will say Mark Zuckerberg is now moving over to the right side. I feel like they will give us Instagram back after yesterday, after today's news. Surely Mark Zuckerberg who's teaming up with Trump will consider a re-platforming house. So now you're a man. I hope so. Your house has been broken into. You've been dragged from your house. They're going through your entire life forensically. The destroying your name in the media. They're trying to embarrass you. They're trying to...  to raise charges on you and they've destroyed your income. You could no longer make money. And you have STILL not been found guilty of any crime. Now Americans and Brits, you think, oh well it's fine because I'm on the outside. Maybe I could do some work or make some cash in hand. What you have to understand is, I know you think Romania system is archaic. This preventative detention. This jail for no reason. You know where else has preventative detention? Basically every country on earth besides England and America and Ireland. It's like France has it. Spain has it. They can just throw your ass in jail while they investigate you. There are so many countries in the world who have this and you've been going on vacation to these places, getting in fights, buying cocaine, not realizing that you're a fucking jackass with the sickle of death hanging over your head, committing crimes and you're going to get wrecked. Every country has it. Every country. Romania is not special. Then what they're going to do is they're going to slow roll the process through in consequential judges. So after all of these things, you've already lost. Your life's already...  Your wife's left you your wife's left you can't pay the rent you can't make money your bankrupt Your lawyers need money you haven't got most of you can't afford an extra 50 grand a month in legal bills let alone an extra 50 Grand a month plus your income going to zero you can't afford to fight back against these people and they know it So they delay the process they put you to unimportant judges Unimportant and they just slow-roal it while the entire time you get more and more poor every day And they use the media to insult you every day to try and sire up the population harder and harder at this stage To longer it takes the better for them. They print new bad stories every day They give you new bills every day via legal bills and you have your normal life bills and you're not making money at this point You have still not been found guilty of any crime So here the years long of media slander of income to zero of increased expenses of stress and anxiety  Of the personal problems that come with arguing with the people around you They then put pressure on everyone around you. They arrest your girlfriend. They put pressure on her They arrest your friends. They arrest your exes. They start to put pressure on everyone if you don't help them You might end up in the same position as those boys if you don't help the police We're gonna do it to you too and they try and scare everyone into giving them statements against you Try to intimidate them and threaten them into doing damage to you solely to save themselves and for the same reason why A lot of companies are not interested in the negative press a lot of people you know around you are interested in the negative Press if you say to somebody you have no your life's gonna get destroyed if you don't help us destroy this other person People are snakes and people don't care about you and people will betray you What thing that's interesting in our case is that my brother and I not only are loyal to each other But we have cultivated a very loyal group of people around us. They couldn't find a rat. They offered money They offered promises. They couldn't find anybody to lie to damage us and my person's my  My personal trainer spent 24 hours in a dungeon filled with cockroaches, being told that if he signed pieces of paper that incriminate me, oh he doesn't have to go to jail. He went to jail perfectly happily until a judge saw through it and let him out. And I think he would have stayed there month on month. I've got good people around me. But most of you do not. Most of you have people that you know who can sign a piece of paper to destroy your life, who don't give a shit about you. Especially ex-girlfriends who are angry. You offer an ex-girlfriend money? Got plenty of those! Fame? Out! Instagram likes? Make her a victim? You don't text her anyway. Why wouldn't she take it? And this is what they do. They put pressure on absolutely everybody around you during this slow-roll process. You are going broke. They are destroying your name. They are looking for evidence. And they're putting pressure on everyone around you. Remember, at this point, you have still not been found guilty in a trial of any crimes. You can still be 100% innocent of what you were accused of.  Pressure, slow roll. You're going to jail. Now if by some miracle they did not manage to put a case together based on the rate of your house, they did not manage to find a snake in your camp. They did not manage to put together a compenduous case. They don't care. What they will do is indict you anyway to continue the slow roll for as long as possible. Remember that? DNG showed up at our gate. You've been indicted now. You sure it's a matrix attack? It means you're on the left-hand side. Open the indictment. And indictment means nothing. They can indict you for anything. Oh, they write words that say your guilty. Well, didn't work in court. Did it? DNG. The judges weren't very interested in the indictment clearly. So indictment means nothing. And they indict you just to put you through the process. You will put through the process your legal fees continue.  and often increase the chance of salvation further and further away and the suffering that you're already going through the financial wreckage the fact that they're trying to destroy your life by putting pressure on everyone around you all of these things continue the indictment they don't care they get a guilty because here's the most beautiful thing about law fair from their perspective by the time all is said and done four years later post indictment even if you are found innocent you've lost your house you've lost your business everyone you've lost your family you've lost your payment processors you lost your name you lost your job you lost your banks your lost cars you lost to crypto you lost your watches you lost your gold you've lost everything and that is why the process is the punishment and this is what they do to you If they find you Innocent this is what happens if you're an innocent person let's go through this again They find a corrupt prosecutor who doesn't give a fuck  about justice and only wants money or fame. They create a file filled with lies to get search warrants. They arrest you. They seize all of your assets and begin to look for evidence on your electronics. They coordinate with the media to print the alleged crimes and destroy your name. They spam social media to ban you for being a dangerous individual, citing the media as a source which was instructed to destroy your name in perfect tandem with your arrest. They then spam your bank accounts to get your bank accounts closed down because you're under investigation of heinous crimes. They attack your job. They spam payment processors at anyone you work with, any kind of supplier inside of your company to bankrupt you. Because businesses are not required to operate under innocent and to proven guilty. They then slow roll you through inconsequential judges. Then they indict you. All of this takes three to four years. Your life is destroyed.  way and you've never been found guilty of a crime ever and they can do this to anybody who annoys them or upsets them in any country in the NATO sphere. In fact also outside of the NATO sphere being fair it's arguably worse. The system can crush anyone and it's very important that you at home it's very interesting you can watch my brother and I story and you can see us as heroic. You're never gonna know even one percent of the struggle we've gone through to stay not only important and relevant alive alive and financially successful. It has been an absolute nightmare I want you to understand something you at home couldn't survive this. Very few people could. You couldn't survive losing all your income today. Even if you were as rich as me and you had all the survival mechanisms I had half of you watching this aren't mentally strong enough to survive this. You have to understand when real pedophiles like hue-ed words and let's say the one for my TV.  Philips go Philips go field are caught interviewers sit with them and be like how's your mental health? Are you okay? What about my fucking mental health? What about my mental health? Oh, so it turns out everything I went through including imprisonment, purplocks, public humiliation I wasn't allowed to shave or bat or clean myself looking like a fucking animal in handcuffs dragged out in front of crowds of media Oh, that's all fine. Oh well, you know they've put written reports today saying oh well There's not enough evidence to just leave it. Oh, what about my mental health? Let me tell you something I'm perfectly fine. So fuck you But most men wouldn't be most men wouldn't be and no one gives a shit about men and their mental health full saligations and false accusations and law fair cases Literally the people who purport this and the people who take part in this have blood on their hands Because people will fucking kill themselves over this kind of thing not me too strong cigar champagne  Push ups, I'm good, but you wouldn't be. It's true. Even if you are mentally strong enough to handle this, most of you certainly cannot financially handle it. Most of you do not have a close enough relationship with the woman who you think loves you for her to stand by you when you go completely destitute and for her to be put out in the street. Most of you do not have friends around you who are prepared to go to jail to protect you. Most of you do not have ex-girlfriends who have enough respect for you to not take money and fame to sell you out. Most of you are simply not in our position. We were perfectly prepared for war, we were perhaps the hardest targets, but you were not. I have just said they can do to you. They can get a corrupt prosecutor, create a file, get warrants, arrest you, steal all your things, start going through your life, trying to build a case, coordinate with social media to say you're a bad person, get you deleted from social media, take your bank accounts, take your payment processing, take everything from you, spam payment processors, spam your job, make sure you lose them, and then they'll indict you, and by the time that's all done, you will be broke. Three years in, you'll be heavily in debt, you'll be mentally unwell, you'll be financially destroyed, if your family is still together, you're going to be in destitute hard times. You'll have...  no social media and you've already been destroyed. They don't care if you're found innocent by that point because they have destroyed the target which is the primary objective of law fair in the first place which is to destroy you. All of you at home can be destroyed by law fair, extremely easily with no consequence at all for the prosecutors or the corrupt people who instigate and instruct the prosecutors in the first place. It's extremely important you understand this. People inside the war room have asked me for a very long time. Why I was so crazy about multiple passports, multiple banking, et cetera. I said, if you have all of your money inside of one country, you're a psycho. Because if that government tells a prosecutor to indict you, you're gonna lose all that money. How are you gonna pay for lawyers? I said you need bank accounts in at least 20 countries. I was proven absolutely correct because Romania got hold of quite a lot of banks but not all of them. Which is why we've managed to pay for our lawyers, how we've managed to do the, live the life we've lived, still enjoy a nice house arrest, food, children to pay for, mother's on a jet, everything's...  Imagine we only had money in one Romanian bank account. How would we have survived for these last three years without a single penny of our own money? The UK government yesterday just stole 21 million pounds of our money. You cannot live in a world now. Misunderstanding. Oh yeah, misunderstanding. I misheard them. Sit back and relax. You cannot live anymore as a full grown man with all of your money within side of one jurisdiction because the jurisdictions have become absolutely corrupt. And do you want to understand more about achieving multiple passports, about achieving safe banking, then you need to join the war room. There's information at copertake.com. My brother and I have been preparing for this legal battle for a very long time. Before I was arrested, I said they're going to try and put us in jail. I knew this was coming and I prepared. The moment we decided to fight the giants, we fucking load up on stones and practice our sling. We knew it was coming. You were not prepared. You have not prepared for law fair. You have not prepared for your family to be destroyed. You have not prepared financially. You have not prepared with multiple jurisdictional passports and different-  bank accounts. You've not prepared mentally. You've not prepared by creating the people around you and making sure your circle is tight. You have not prepared by securing your electronics. You've not prepared by putting bulletproof doors on your house like we have here. You've not prepared it all and they can do the same thing to you that they did to us. And the worst thing is nobody would even know. Most of you, they raided you tomorrow. I know if you import people watch our podcast and it will insult everybody. Most of you 99% you get your house raided this would happen to you. No one would even know. You tweet out to your 36 followers. No one would know or care. Nobody would even know this is happening to you. Imagine having your life destroyed and nobody even knows. You just suffer in silence. And this is something they do every single day of the week. Thousands of times a day. Nobody is safe from law fair. Innocent until proven guilty is bullshit if they can destroy your life while you're innocent. Look at what we've been through. Only two men I think in the history of my adult life I can think of.  have dealt with law fair harder than me and you. Only two. If we're third place, second place has to go to the big G, real Donald Trump. Donald Trump fucking dealt with law fair, like a fucking man, they found his ass guilty! And he was innocent. And above that has to be Julian Assange, number one. Because he got royally fucked. But besides that, we may be the third most brutal, most obviously fake, most damaging case of law fair that's happened in the last 20 years. I'd agree with you there. Trump and Assange do win though. I'm not number one. I'd agree with you. Thank you. But I'm telling all my viewers at home, when we preach certain things to you, like getting the real world make money, getting the war room, prepare multiple bank accounts, prepare multiple passports, prepare for the worst, we're not trying to pitch to you, we're not trying to make you scared or paranoid without reason. We are talking from experience. We are people who have been in the fight, who are telling you you need to learn to jab cross and keep your hands up. Because we've been there. You have it.  And I'm warning you because you may be thinking, ah, what they did to the States, well they're famous, they can't do it to me. No, they do it to you. They do it to unimportant people or unknown people all of the time. You just don't hear about it, but they still do the same thing. They are doing to thousands of people right now what they do to us. You only hear about us because we prepared for these things because we could fight back us buying cars. The second we were off house arrest wasn't about driving cars. It was about showing that they failed to find all of our money. It was about a flex of how we're smarter than the matrix. You're not smarter than the matrix. You're not prepared for the matrix to come for you. How many January sixers can you name? I've got two, Oh and Shoeir Pat Stedman. How many are there? Fucking hundreds. It's true. All in jail even now and have been since before I was in jail. They're in jail. I can name two. Who don't know? And that's because they're relatively well done. Pat Stedman as a...  As I guess an ex-president and Owen Schwier of course is Info Wars, Shat or Owen Schwier, true champion. And these are guys who are involved in January 6th, which was a huge cultural event. Imagine you're just involved in some normal stuff. Yeah, imagine you miss gender someone at work. Imagine your Enoc Burke in Ireland, a Catholic religious man of God who refuses to call a male student of female because he thinks that's against God's will and factually incorrect. And he's a teacher. He's now in his 513th day of jail. Who knows the outside of England in Ireland? Look up Enoc Burke. That's fucking law fair. It's absolutely disgusting. It's truly disgusting how unsafe you are. And I put a tweet of the other day that a lot of people laughed at. And a lot of people didn't understand it fully. They thought it was some kind of joke. But I'm going to read it out here in full. I was talking about how if you're a full grown man, you shouldn't be sleeping very well.  night anymore. Let me find the tweet. Because let me tell you, I mean, sure the American election has been won. Some other political parties like reform, etc., in the UK are gaining footholds. Maybe the world's changing a little bit. But there's nothing more dangerous than a rat you've backed into a corner. Sure when they were king of the world, they came after Andrew and me and lots of very important people and a son's got fucked and they came after Trump and they're going after Enoch Burke. But let me tell you something, we haven't won yet. Right now, they're still in power. They're still in power in the United States. There's still a power in most countries in the world. And nothing is scarier than an animal you back into a corner that doesn't think it has it way out. It is now you saw with that spending bill that was about this high fucking Elon the G got X to fucking analyze it, publicize it everywhere and got it blocked. But they're trying to take as much money as they can, as much power as they can, and silence everyone night they can while they can. You are less safe now than ever.  before. Sleeping soundly is for overtly homosexual men. The world is out war. People are dying and BTC breaks a new ATH every day. Money moving in every single direction. Elections are overthrown in democratic nations and you have zero innate anxiety. You close your eyes and become absolutely killable for a full nine hours without tossing without turning without any input from the outside world at all. You don't wake up at a sweat and instantly check the news. You're not even rich. You're poor and somehow you're still snoring. What do you dream of you fucking loser? You have no money. Where is your warrior instinct? Where is your PTSD and your fear? Where is your adrenaline in your blood? Well why would I have PTSD says to nobody? Because if you were somebody you would take risks and the outcome of those risks would weigh heavy on your mind. Your soul would be burnt with the stories of battles lost and the hopes for battles that you might win. What kind of full grown man doesn't have mental issues.  You feel no stress? None? You're napping like a kitten? Like a cute little kitty cat? Are you comfy in your blanket? Do you feel comfy? You are gay. I had a nap, gay. I was sleeping gay. He didn't wake up yet, gay. I closed my eyes yet. I never truly sleep. I'm tired, but that's fine. Because life as a man is wanting food you don't eat and wanting sleep, you can't get. Because your mind and soul is played by battles past, present, and future. You think Putin sleeps well? Trump? No. Winners operate in war mode. Nightmares are masculine. You should shoe awake with sweat multiple times a night. Maybe then your woman would finally love you. Instead, she wakes up to see you snoring and drooling. Her movement didn't even rattle you. She fully got a bed in your out cold because you're scum. She could stab you in the neck and she considers it because you deserve it. You were killed by a girl because you were sleepy.  Aww, the second I see a man who enjoys his sleep and acquires it with ease, I know he is bitch made. Sleep is what you give up once you become a hero. Peace of mind is for life's losers, there is no debate. Now I said that and I am telling you a factual point which is absolutely true. After what I have just laid out to you, you should now struggle to sleep. You should sit and say, if I try and stick up for my family, if I try and stick up for what's right and wrong, they can law fair me. And it doesn't matter that I am innocent, they can still destroy my life. You are sitting at home thinking, I don't need to panic because I am innocent. But I just explained to you how they will destroy your life even if you are innocent. It doesn't matter. So let's analyze this with game theory. Let's be professionals and analyze this as chess players. Let's analyze this. What can you affect? Can you stop a corrupt prosecutor from being handed your name in an office somewhere far off in a prince precinct you don't even know about? No. Let you stop them lying.  to get warrants because you're not even in the court case. No. Can you stop them raiding your house? Well, you can build a bunker like we have. Slow him down. You can slow him down. They're a bit in. They're still gonna come. Can you stop them getting your money? Yes. You join the war room. You get multiple passports. You get multiple bank accounts. Yeah, because the haters are very quick on you. You got all these passports. Hey, you started just stuck in your house. I've got all my passports. That's why I still have a fucking house. You dorks. Can you stop them getting evidence from your house? Well, you have to be very careful with your electronics and how you live your life and make sure you live pure to God and make sure you know do anything wrong. Yeah. Make sure you're actually in a stew. Don't be a scumbag. Can you stop the media machine from attacking you? No. Can you stop them destroying you via social media where you need to platform on X and rumble so you can fight back. You need to learn how to speak properly. You need to prepare for hostile interviews. You need to have a media team. You need to be prepared for these things. Can you survive without money when they take your job or destroy your payment processors? Probably not. There's a lot of...  these things you cannot stop. But there are some things you can. And if you're a full grown man, you shouldn't be sleeping well at night until you've done your due diligence and prepared. I'm telling you that law fair is coming for everyone. A tsunami is coming. Learn to swim or die. If you know a tsunami is coming and you can sleep soundly at night when you don't know how to swim, then you deserve to fucking drown. And the idea that you are innocent so you're going to be safe is a paradigm you need to remove from your head very quickly. Quickly get that out of your head. I'm innocent. It'll be fine. No, it won't. It'll never be fine. Even if you're innocent, law fair still destroys your life. This is extremely important. If you want any more information, tips, tricks, how to prepare for law fair, you can go to cobertate.com and speak to the Live Chat agent. We'll teach you how to make money geographically free inside of the real world. Also, we have the war room which teaches you things about passports, international banking, it's an international network, media, etc., etc. fighting back against the pressure which is put on by the media machine. But most importantly,  I want all of my fans at home to know that even though Trump is in power and we're about to experience four good years The world is cyclical the psychos will come back and when they come back They'll be worse than ever before you need to prepare for them to get back into power and be worse Then they were the first time they were in power law fair will be tenets than what it was before you must Prepare the only reason we got an innocent verdict today is because we paid lawyers for two and a half years Millions and millions of dollars because we managed to stay in our house and Continually tell the world the truth we managed to subvert the media and their narratives via our media machine We managed to out speak and out debate peers Morgan and Lucy Williamson in Various interviews we have worked and prepared for this war We have won now, but we were prepared for it you are not I want you a home to understand this because you're our fans and we care about you You are not ready for law fair none of you are they're gonna get you and they're gonna fucking destroy you Stubbs  sleeping, start thinking, watch this emergency meeting a few times, analyze what I've just broken down, find the things you can stop and the things you cannot stop. There are a few things there's nothing you can do about, but there's few things you can do something about them. And then if you're ever in our position, God willing, you're also going to end up in our final position, which is found innocent because if we would have run out of money six months ago, we'd be sitting in a jail right now, right now, right now. And then we have a lot more to say about our criminal case now is not the time. I was just comparing you all to understand how law fair works and how none of you at home are safe from it, how it can come for absolutely everybody. January 6th will be released some very big interviews we're going to be doing over the next week or so with GB news, GB news is owned by, of course, part owned by very good friends of ours, people like George Farmer, you know, bad asses. And then we have a nice fair interview, it's not going to be a Lucy Williams style hit piece. So very good interviews are going to be released on January 6th that explain, funny date, that explaining.  exactly what went on and why. So keep your eyes peeled. And thank you all. One more thing I want to say. There's a lot of people who I can't thank by name. I see some people tweeting now how they've supported us from day one when we were first put in jail. They did very good to counter against a media machine on the early days of our arrest. My wrong gains will. Lots of people on Twitter. I can't even name them all. There are so many. Please do not think we did not see the people who supported us and saw the people who were jumping on the bandwagon now didn't support us at the beginning because they were scared. And the people who were genuinely day one there for us when we needed it most. We see it. We appreciate it. We thank you all so much. I'm going to make sure you're all renewing. Also, however, I want to thank our massive haters who consistently keep this case in the forefront of the mainstream news. The people who, no matter what happens, will tweet and post and write horrible things about us because it keeps it relevant. It kept the case fresh. It kept it in the front of everybody's minds. And it gave the people who were on the right side of history the chance to attack false narratives, shout out to all those losers.  I'm not paying you shit, but thanks for working for me for the last two years. It's been an honor having you on board, gentlemen. Well, yeah, that's good luck in whatever is you do next. Yeah, they've wasted three years of their life and then he knew hobbies, but they have helped us keep the case alive. Thank you. If we didn't keep the case at the forefront of people's minds and a country like Romania would have been easier for them to do corruption behind the scenes. So we have to thank all the haters for trying very hard to make people talk about the case, which is exactly what we needed. We also have to thank everybody for supporting us from the day ones. Please don't think we don't know. We know it really means so much to us. Thank you for tuning into the emergency meeting in gentlemen. The advice we're giving to you, you must listen to because it's very easy as a man to only learn the hard way. I am the person telling you that if you don't slow down on the ice, you're going to crash your car. You can think you know better than me and you can think you're smarter than me and you can crash your car and suffer. Or you can just learn from someone else's mistakes or learn from someone else's trials and tribulations. I'm telling you, if you're a full grown adult, you must prepare for law fair. I've explained to you how it works. I've explained to you how you can protect yourself. I've explained to you the things you need to expect. A lot of...  of you listening to this right now may not know. In fact, I would argue that 3% of you right now already have your name in a prosecutor's office. Yeah, if you're a fan of us, you're already in a prosecutor's office. They're watching. They're already looking at you. Already, a prosecutor's been told your name because of your tweets, because of what you say about crypto, because of what you say about the Jews, whatever. They've already begun stage one and you've not prepared for the rest of it, which is coming. We were ready. You are not. And we strongly recommend you prepare yourselves for law fair because although the world is healing, law fair is going to come back around if it goes away at all. And if a tsunami is coming, it's very important you learn to swim. Today's been a fantastic day for my brother and I. It's been three years before we finally get some vindication. It's really truly a fantastic day. But we don't really feel happy. We don't really feel relieved because we didn't give a shit about going to jail, did we? No, wasn't scared. Didn't give a shit. We didn't give a fuck. Why would I? I don't fucking scared a jail. We were talking about it all the time and was actually quite sighted about having the stories from jail for three or four years. Yeah, I was ready.  It's a shame. It's a shame. However, there are some people who are watching this stream. Who are going to go to jail? Oh, you're going to jail. And they're not ready for jail. And you're losing all of your assets and your name. You're going to get wrecked. You know, Count of Monte Cristo. What does he say? What does he say? Well, he says many things. He suffers in jail at the unfair persecution while he plans his retributions and revenge. And eventually he comes out of jail and the world is his because you know, he's more numerally financially wealthy because he manages to find that fortune. You know, I'm going to finish with a quote from the Count of Monte Cristo that I really like. I just looked it up to make sure I get it correct because most of you are not prepared for the storm. Life is a storm, my young friend. And you will bask in the sunlight one moment and be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a man is not what you do when the storm is what makes you a man is fuck. I fucked it up. I'm going to start that again because people are going to sound like this. Life is a storm.  my young friend. You will bask in the sunlight one moment and be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a man is what you do when the storm comes. You must look into that storm and shout as you did in jail. Do your worst for I will do mine. Then the fates will know you as we all do. And that's a very very I guess pertinent quote. Are we going to do our worst Tristan? Oh, we are the storm now. So friends that's it. Hope you have enjoyed the video and you have got motivated from this video. And we will meet next time again with a new video of Andrew. And I want to tell you something that I'm sorry if you feel disturbed to see video like this. I have nothing to do with it.  plat www.yeargoald.gbz tracklistream.com . If you want to see this video, you had to show this chest and that is the only way. So I hope you will stay with me and you will wait on the next videos and I promise I will come with the videos So that's it. See you again. Goodbye.